UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
55115,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/632991-kallas-russian-assets-theft/,EU’s Kallas returns to idea of stealing Russian assets,The EU can revive the plan to use Russian assets for Ukraine after Hungary vetoed a loan proposal  top diplomat Kaja Kallas has said Read Full Article at RT.com,The top EU diplomat suggested revisiting the rejected plan after Hungary vetoed a €90 billion loan for UkraineEU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas has suggested resurrecting the previously rejected plan to use frozen Russian assets for Ukraine  after Hungary vetoed a €90 billion ($106 billion) loan for Kiev on Monday.Kiev’s Western backers froze $300 billion in Russian central bank assets after the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in 2022. The majority is held at the Belgian-based Euroclear depository.In December  the EU failed to agree on using the funds as collateral for a ‘reparations loan’ for Ukraine due to opposition from Belgium and other member states. As a compromise  it decided to fund Kiev through common debt  approving a €90 billion loan backed by the bloc’s budget.The loan  however  was vetoed by Hungary on Monday after it accused Kiev of deliberately cutting off oil supplies to the country.“If [the loan] doesn’t work  we can always go back to using the frozen assets ” Kallas told journalists on Monday  as cited by Euroactiv  calling it the EU’s original “plan A.”Hungary and Ukraine remain locked in a bitter row over the Soviet-era Druzhba oil pipeline – which carries Russian oil to Hungary and Slovakia and has been out of commission since late January. Kiev claims that it was damaged by Russia  which has denied the allegations. Budapest  Bratislava  and Moscow accuse Kiev of deliberately withholding supplies for political reasons.Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky demanded on Tuesday that EU lawmakers unblock the €90 billion loan. Hungary has said it would only consider lifting the veto if Kiev resumes the oil flow.Moscow has strongly opposed any seizure of its assets  calling it theft and warning of severe consequences. In December  the Bank of Russia filed a lawsuit against Euroclear in a Moscow court for $232 billion  covering frozen assets and lost profits. Euroclear now reportedly faces over 100 legal claims in Russian courts.,neutral,0.0,0.64,0.35,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'EU', 'Kallas', 'idea', 'EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas', 'Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky', 'Soviet-era Druzhba oil pipeline', 'Russian central bank assets', 'top EU diplomat', 'other member states', 'Belgian-based Euroclear depository', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian oil', 'EU lawmakers', 'Russian courts', 'frozen assets', 'oil flow', 'Western backers', 'common debt', 'oil supplies', 'bitter row', 'late January', 'political reasons', 'severe consequences', '100 legal claims', 'reparations loan', 'Moscow court', '€90 billion loan', 'Ukraine conflict', 'plan', 'Hungary', 'Kiev', 'Monday', 'escalation', 'majority', 'December', 'funds', 'collateral', 'opposition', 'Belgium', 'compromise', 'bloc', 'budget', 'country', 'journalists', 'Euroactiv', 'Slovakia', 'commission', 'allegations', 'Budapest', 'Bratislava', 'Tuesday', 'veto', 'seizure', 'lawsuit', 'profits']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,rt.com
55116,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.coindesk.com/business/2026/02/24/canton-advances-cross-border-repo-to-free-up-usd300-trillion-assets-via-tokenization,Tokenization news: Canton advances cross-border repo to free up $300 trillion assets,A group of global financial firms tokenized a repo transaction with U.K. government bonds for the first time.,"A group of global financial firms completed the first cross-border  intraday repurchase agreement using tokenized U.K. government bonds on the Canton Network  a blockchain designed for institutions.The transaction marks the first time digital versions of gilts  a $2-trillion market  have been used in an intraday repo across borders  according to a release shared with CoinDesk. It also includes the first cross-currency trade in which tokenized gilts were exchanged against tokenized deposits denominated in a currency other than the British pound.STORY CONTINUES BELOW Don't miss another story. Subscribe to the Crypto Daybook Americas Newsletter today . See all newsletters Sign me up By signing up  you will receive emails about CoinDesk products and you agree to our terms & conditions and privacy policy .In a repo  one party sells a security and agrees to buy it back later  often the same day. Banks and trading firms use these deals to raise short-term cash. By placing both the cash and the bond on a shared blockchain  the group aims to move collateral in real time rather than waiting for traditional market hours.Participants in the latest round include LSEG  Euroclear  DTCC  Tradeweb  Citadel Securities and Societe Generale  along with digital asset firms such as Archax and Cumberland DRW. TreasurySpring embedded interest payments and risk terms directly into smart contracts tied to the trades.The maneuver fits into Canton's bigger ambition to make $300 trillion of global assets such as government bonds more useful as collateral by tokenizing them on a blockchain  Kelly Matheison  chief business development officer of Digital Assets  said in an interview with CoinDesk.Digital Asset is the key development firm behind the Canton Network  and raised funds last year from financial heavyweights such as Goldman Sachs  DRW  Citadel Securities  BNY and Nasdaq.""There are about $300 trillion of high-quality liquid assets around the globe "" Matheison said. ""Yet only about 10%-11% of that — roughly $28 trillion — is used as collateral at any given time.""The reason for that is timing. In traditional markets  firms must plan days ahead to move securities across borders  navigating settlement cycles  batch processing and market cut-off times.""At a practical level  it restricts the amount of high-quality liquid assets that you can get in use at any point in time "" she said.Using blockchain ledgers like Canton for these transactions allows counterparties to transfer ownership in real-time and around-the-clock  rather than waiting for batch settlement windows. That way  financial firms can use their balance sheets more efficiently and trade more  Mathieson said.",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,negative,0.36,0.23,0.4,True,English,"['Tokenization news', 'cross-border repo', '$300 trillion assets', 'Canton', 'first cross-border, intraday repurchase agreement', 'Crypto Daybook Americas Newsletter', 'chief business development officer', 'U.K. government bonds', 'first time digital versions', 'first cross-currency trade', 'key development firm', 'market cut-off times', 'high-quality liquid assets', 'traditional market hours', 'batch settlement windows', 'digital asset firms', 'global financial firms', 'Digital Assets', 'intraday repo', 'global assets', '$2-trillion market', 'traditional markets', 'settlement cycles', 'batch processing', 'financial heavyweights', 'trading firms', 'tokenized deposits', 'British pound', 'privacy policy', 'one party', 'real time', 'latest round', 'Societe Generale', 'interest payments', 'smart contracts', 'bigger ambition', 'Goldman Sachs', 'practical level', 'balance sheets', 'Citadel Securities', 'Canton Network', 'tokenized gilts', 'short-term cash', 'Cumberland DRW', 'risk terms', 'Kelly Matheison', 'CoinDesk products', 'blockchain ledgers', 'group', 'institutions', 'transaction', 'borders', 'release', 'STORY', 'newsletters', 'emails', 'conditions', 'security', 'Banks', 'deals', 'collateral', 'Participants', 'LSEG', 'Euroclear', 'DTCC', 'Tradeweb', 'Archax', 'TreasurySpring', 'trades', 'maneuver', 'interview', 'funds', 'BNY', 'Nasdaq', 'globe', 'reason', 'timing', 'days', 'amount', 'use', 'point', 'counterparties', 'ownership', 'real-time', 'clock', 'Mathieson']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,coindesk.com
55117,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/systemair-nomination-committee-302695377.html,Systemair nomination committee,SKINNSKATTEBERG  Sweden  Feb. 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- At the annual general meeting on 28 August 2025  it was resolved that the nomination committee shall consist of representatives of three of the largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes  acco…,SKINNSKATTEBERG  Sweden  Feb. 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- At the annual general meeting on 28 August 2025  it was resolved that the nomination committee shall consist of representatives of three of the largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes  according to Euroclear Sweden AB's printout of the share register as of 31 January 2026.It is hereby announced that after consultation between the company's three largest shareholders  ebm-papst AB has chosen to relinquish their seat on the nomination committee. The fourth largest shareholder  Swedbank Robur Fonder  has therefore been contacted. The nomination committee has been appointed to consist of the following persons:Magnus Tell  Alecta  Chairman of the nomination committeeGerald Engström  Färna Invest ABLennart Francke  Swedbank Robur FonderShareholders who wish to contact the nomination committee are invited to send an e-mail to Magnus Tell  Chairman of the nomination committee  magnus.tell@alecta.se  or to Anders Ulff  CFO  Systemair AB (publ)  anders.ulff@systemair.com.The annual general meeting will be held on 27 August 2026  at 15.00 (CET) in Skinnskatteberg  Sweden.For further information contact:Anders Ulff  CFO  +46 70 577 40 09Systemair in briefSystemair (SYSR) is a leading ventilation Group that helps improve the indoor climate through energy-efficient products and solutions. The Systemair Group is conducting business in 51 countries in Europe  North America  the Middle East  Asia  Australia and Africa. The Group's products are mainly marketed under the Systemair  Frico  Fantech  and Menerga brands. In the 2024/25 financial year  the Systemair Group employed approximately 6 700 people and had sales of SEK 12.3 billion. Systemair has reported an operating profit ever since it was founded in 1974  and over the past 10 years growth averaged 7.9%. Systemair is listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm Large Cap List.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/systemair-ab/r/systemair-nomination-committee c4311833The following files are available for download:,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Systemair nomination committee', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Large Cap List', 'Färna Invest AB', 'annual general meeting', 'Swedbank Robur Fonder', 'Gerald Engström', '2024/25 financial year', 'fourth largest shareholder', 'leading ventilation Group', 'three largest shareholders', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Systemair Group', 'The Group', 'ebm-papst AB', 'Systemair AB', 'nomination committee', 'owner groups', 'share register', 'following persons', 'Magnus Tell', 'Lennart Francke', 'indoor climate', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Menerga brands', 'operating profit', 'past 10 years', 'following files', 'Anders Ulff', 'brief Systemair', 'energy-efficient products', 'news.cision', 'SKINNSKATTEBERG', 'PRNewswire', '28 August', 'representatives', 'terms', 'votes', 'printout', '31 January', 'consultation', 'company', 'seat', 'Alecta', 'Chairman', 'mail', 'CFO', '27 August', 'CET', 'information', 'SYSR', 'solutions', 'business', '51 countries', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Australia', 'Africa', 'Frico', 'Fantech', '6,700 people', 'sales', 'SEK', 'growth', 'systemair-nomination-committee', 'download']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,prnewswire.co.uk
55118,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/4368065/posts,Is China Really Dumping US Treasuries?,“China is dumping US Treasuries to get out of the dollar.” This claim has been circulating the mainstream feeds lately  with the narrative that the “end of the dollar is near ” or “the US will lose its funding base” and the “bond yields will surge.” But are t…,Skip to comments.Is China Really Dumping US Treasuries?Real Investment Advice ^ | 02/23/2026 | Lance RobertsPosted on by SeekAndFind“China is dumping US Treasuries to get out of the dollar.” This claim has been circulating the mainstream feeds lately  with the narrative that the “end of the dollar is near ” or “the US will lose its funding base” and the “bond yields will surge.” But are those claims valid? Such is what we will explore in more detail.Let’s start with the chart that has everyone concerned. As shown  China’s holdings of US Treasury bonds have fallen from nearly $1.2 trillion to $600 billion  or a 50% decline. On the surface  you can certainly understand the reasons for concern  as the decline in holdings over the last decade supports a clean storyline.However  the problem is the step between observation and conclusion. A lower line item for “China  Mainland” does not equal a forced sale  it does not prove intent  nor does it prove a structural exit. What it does show is a lack of understanding about the dynamics of reserve currency management  and  in the case of China  the need to protect those reserves.Let’s start with the Treasury Department  which states that the holdings tables are built “primarily on the basis of custodial data.” That phrase matters. Custodial data records where securities are held for settlement and safekeeping. Critically  the custodian is not the same as the beneficial owner  and that distinction undermines the headline narrative.The Treasury’s own FAQ is the most important in this particular narrative:“If a Treasury security purchased by a foreign resident is held in a custodial account in a third country  the true country of ownership will not be reflected.”Read that sentence again.The system is designed to track where the bonds sit  not whose balance sheet carries the risk. This is crucially important when it comes to the narrative that China is dumping its bond holdings and moving away from the dollar.For those jumping to that conclusion  they did not take the time to ask the right question: “Where did the custody shift to?” That question matters for investors because it changes the risk assessment. If China were liquidating  you would expect pressure across Treasury auctions  persistent stress on dealer balance sheets  and visible strain in dollar funding markets. While those episodes occur from time to time  often tied to Fed policy or risk shocks  there is no clear connection to the “China dumping” storyline.A better way to approach the claim is to follow the settlement trail  which takes us to the Belgium and Luxembourg connection.The Belgium and Luxembourg ConnectionOver the last decade  geopolitical risk has been rising. Heavy sanctions have been imposed on Iran and Russia  assets frozen or seized  and political pressure brought to bear. If you are a country with significant US dollar reserves and face the risk of sanctions or seizure  what measures could you take to limit that risk? Here is a good example:“Policymakers [in Beijing] are mindful of the precedent set in 2022  when the US and its allies froze about $300 billion of Russia’s central bank reserves after the invasion of Ukraine. The worry is that if tensions were to escalate  the US could — in an extreme scenario — restrict access to China’s state and privately held dollar assets in a similar fashion.” – BloombergIt is critical to understand the two main economic reasons that China buys and holds US Treasuries. The most important reason is that China wants its currency  the yuan  pegged to the dollar  a practice common among many countries since the Bretton Woods Conference in 1944. A dollar-pegged yuan helps keep down the cost of Chinese exports  particularly to the US  its largest customer  which the Chinese government believes makes it stronger in international markets. Secondly  dollar-pegging adds stability to the yuan because the dollar is still seen as the safest currency in the world. To conduct trade on a global scale  they hold their reserves in US Treasuries  gold  or the dollar itself.However  just because China owns U.S. Treasuries does not mean it must have custodial holdings in the U.S. Look at the same holdings table and focus on Belgium and Luxembourg. In the November 2025 snapshot  Belgium shows about $481 billion in Treasury holdings  and Luxembourg shows about $425 billion. Those are massive totals for very small countries that are not building reserves at that scale.In reality  Luxembourg and Belgium are “hosting custody” for China. Just for reference look at the chart of US Treasury holdings of China and Belgium. Over the same period  while China’s holdings fell by $600 billion  Belgiums rose by $500 billion.This is why the Treasury’s FAQ points directly to this issue and calls out “major financial centers ” such as Luxembourg and Belgium  as the source of “custodial bias.” The chart below adjusts China’s treasury holdings for its “custodial” accounts  showing that its holdings of US Treasuries are essentially the same as in 2011.This is not a conspiracy. It is plumbing. One of the primary reasons that China uses Belgium for custodial purposes  besides avoiding geopolitical risk  is that the Euroclear Bank is based there and sits at the center of cross-border settlement and collateral mobility. Clearstream’s international depository is based in Luxembourg and serves the same global institutional client base. When a central bank or a state institution wants to hold a large Treasury portfolio with flexible settlement and collateral options  these hubs help address operational challenges.With this understanding  it should be clear that the “China is dumping bonds” narrative is incomplete. However  it is the problem that arises when individuals seeking to spin a narrative for headlines  clicks  or views focus on one line item and ignore the framework.Brad Setser at the Council on Foreign Relations has repeatedly made the point that the reported data understate China’s dollar bond exposure due to offshore custodians and portfolio shifts across dollar instruments. In his words  “China isn’t shifting away from the dollar or dollar bonds.”That leads to the next question: why would China shift custody at all?Why Is China Using Other Countries to Buy and Hold TreasuriesWe already touched on avoiding geopolitical risk  but there are four practical reasons for China to shift custodial holdings  none of which requires an exit from US bonds.Settlement efficiency and scale: Large reserve portfolios require scale  operational redundancy  and deep settlement connectivity. European custody hubs provide that. Euroclear’s work on US Treasury DVP repo settlement is a signal of where institutions want improved collateral movement and repo settlement workflows. When the infrastructure improves  demand follows. Holding through a hub often reduces friction. Collateral mobility and financing optionality: Treasuries are collateral. They are not only an investment. They are a financing tool. A portfolio held at a hub links more easily into repo markets  securities lending  and collateral transformation. That matters for institutions managing liquidity. If you want the option to raise dollars quickly against Treasury collateral  the custody venue matters. Risk management after sanctions shocks: Following the freezing of Russian reserve assets in 2022  reserve managers began reassessing legal and operational exposures. The Financial Times has reported extensively on Euroclear’s central role in the custody of frozen Russian assets and the policy debates surrounding them. The lesson for global reserve managers is straightforward. Jurisdiction  legal perimeter  and operational touchpoints matter. Shifting custody and settlement routes is one response. Data optics and portfolio composition: The Treasury table is widely quoted. It is also widely misunderstood. A shift from direct custody into a third country changes what the table shows. Some investors read the table as a loyalty scoreboard  but that interpretation is wrong. There is also a composition component. A holder can reduce Treasury holdings while raising exposure to other dollar assets  such as gold  agency debt or deposits  while staying inside the dollar system. That can reduce the “Treasuries only” line item without reducing dollar exposure.So when you see “China  Mainland” drift lower  the right response is to think in layers: 1) Custody  2) Instrument mix  3) Funding and collateral function  and 4) Geopolitical risk management.Put those together  and the incentive to use Belgium and Luxembourg is clear. The goal is not a panic move to “dedollarize” the US  which would harm the Chinese economy. Rather  it is to gain operational efficiency and optionality in a world where finance and politics collide more often.Now step back and ask the investor question: What does this mean for you and your portfolio?How Investors Should View US Treasury Bonds in PortfoliosInvestors should treat Treasuries as a tool  not a referendum on geopolitics. However  it is critical to your portfolio outcome to understand the entire context of how the “financial plumbing” operates.As such  investors should start with the role Treasuries play in global markets. US Treasuries:Anchor dollar risk-free pricing.Sit at the core of repo and collateral systems.Serve as a settlement asset during stress.Those functions do not disappear because one country adjusts custody venues.Secondly  focus on the real drivers of Treasury returns. The return of US Treasuries is driven by expectations for economic growth and inflation over time. Federal Reserve policy drives the front end of the interest rate curve. Economic growth and inflation drive the long end. The chart shows a strong correlation between the composite of GDP  inflation  and interest rates. Those factors matter more than headlines about one foreign holder.Next  as an investor  you should build your Treasury investment exposure based on objectives  rather than narratives. If you need:Liquidity and drawdown control hold more short to intermediate-term Treasuries  which often serve as portfolio ballast during equity stress.Income with controlled volatility  a ladder across the front-to-intermediate curve  helps manage reinvestment risk.To adjust for inflation uncertainty  blend nominal Treasuries with TIPS.Lastly  avoid the common mistake of basing bond decisions on some misguided narrative. However  US Treasuries are not risk-free in price. As such  investors must focus on the risks that matter for their bond holdings.Duration riskInflation riskPolicy riskThe “China dumping” narrative is not a risk worth worrying about.Focus on what matters by aligning duration and inflation sensitivity with your time horizon and risk tolerance. Treat headlines as noise  and Treasuries as a portfolio instrument built for cash flow  liquidity  and risk control. If you do that  you will be much better off.TOPICS:Business/EconomyChinaForeign AffairsNews/Current EventsKEYWORDS:bondschinadebtiftheyrestupidtreasuriesClick here: to donate by Credit Card Or here: to donate by PayPal Or by mail to: Free Republic  LLC - PO Box 9771 - Fresno  CA 93794 Thank you very much and God bless you.To: SeekAndFindWhat are they going to buy with the money they get from selling US treasuries? Atomic submarines? More game-changing aircraft carriers?To: SeekAndFindNo worries  I bought bunch of 20 year maturity treasuries  on open market  probably sold by China.by 3 posted onby Bobbyvotes (Work is worship says Bhagavad Geeta. Instead of praying do work and get richer.)To: SeekAndFindI fail to see the problem.You buy a bond and I do. That bond gets paidper our laws. It doesn’t matter who holds it.We have our money and the bond holder gets theirswhen the bond is matured.If China want to lose it’s butt selling bondsthey purchased at a reduced rate  that is notour problem.Our only problem is paying the bondwhen due to whoever holds it.by 4 posted onby rellic (No such thing as a moderate Moslem or Democrat )To: rellic“Our only problem is paying the bondwhen due to whoever holds it.” Which is the true Systemic Risk.by 5 posted onby Uncle Miltie (Suspending my monthly donations until it becomes clear FR is run by and for conservatives.)To: SeekAndFindWarmonger trend is not your friend.To: SeekAndFindChina sells us stuff. We pay with slips of paper. Said paper is only good for holding it as it depreciates or buying stuff denominated in said slips of paper. One of the things they can buy is more slips of paper that carry interest and are redeemable for more of the depreciating slips of paper. They have no choice. They must spend the dollars. If the sell treasuries they get dollars. If they have dollars they must buy something denominated in dollars.To: SeekAndFindPerhaps the Chinese see the thing the really underpins the US Dollar and gives it value  the full faith and good credit of the US government  is being rapidly eroded.by 8 posted onby rottweiller_inc (Lupus urbem intravit. Fulminis ictu vultures super turrem exanimat.)To: rellicThe US government and its domestic and foreign debt holders want the dollar and US Treasuries to maintain their value. That preserves the attractiveness of the dollar as both a transactional and reserve currency. A strong and stable dollar is essential to our country's financial strength and ability to finance its public debt. Paradoxically  even our adversaries mostly end up bowing to the dollar because their customers and public prefer it to other currencies.To: SeekAndFindI remember when $1.2 trillion was a lot of money. Now it is the annual US government fraud budget.by 10 posted onby UnwashedPeasant (The pandemic we suffer from is not COVID. It is Marxist Democrat Leftism. )Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.FreeRepublic   LLC  PO BOX 9771  FRESNO  CA 93794FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson,neutral,0.0,0.75,0.25,mixed,0.08,0.19,0.73,True,English,"['US Treasuries', 'China', 'two main economic reasons', 'significant US dollar reserves', 'Real Investment Advice', 'lower line item', 'Bretton Woods Conference', 'major financial centers', 'dealer balance sheets', 'central bank reserves', 'Custodial data records', 'same holdings table', 'U.S. Treasuries', 'China dumping” storyline', 'US Treasury bonds', 'US Treasury holdings', 'clean storyline', 'same period', 'US Treasuries', 'custodial account', 'custodial bias', 'custodial” accounts', 'Treasury Department', 'The Treasury', 'Treasury security', 'Treasury auctions', 'Lance Roberts', 'mainstream feeds', 'funding base', 'bond yields', 'last decade', 'forced sale', 'structural exit', 'beneficial owner', 'foreign resident', 'persistent stress', 'visible strain', 'funding markets', 'Fed policy', 'clear connection', 'good example', 'extreme scenario', 'similar fashion', 'important reason', 'many countries', 'Chinese exports', 'largest customer', 'Chinese government', 'international markets', 'November 2025 snapshot', 'massive totals', 'small countries', 'custodial holdings', 'holdings tables', 'bond holdings', 'currency management', 'third country', 'true country', 'safest currency', 'headline narrative', 'particular narrative', 'right question', 'risk assessment', 'risk shocks', 'settlement trail', 'geopolitical risk', 'Heavy sanctions', 'political pressure', 'global scale', 'Luxembourg connection', 'dollar-pegged yuan', 'The Belgium', 'dollar assets', 'comments', 'SeekAndFind', 'claim', 'end', 'detail', 'chart', 'everyone', '50% decline', 'surface', 'concern', 'problem', 'step', 'observation', 'conclusion', 'Mainland', 'lack', 'understanding', 'dynamics', 'case', 'need', 'basis', 'phrase', 'securities', 'safekeeping', 'custodian', 'distinction', 'FAQ', 'ownership', 'sentence', 'system', 'time', 'custody', 'investors', 'episodes', 'way', 'Iran', 'Russia', 'bear', 'seizure', 'measures', 'Policymakers', 'Beijing', 'precedent', 'allies', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'worry', 'tensions', 'access', 'state', 'Bloomberg', 'practice', 'cost', 'dollar-pegging', 'stability', 'world', 'trade', 'gold', 'reality', 'reference', 'Belgiums', 'issue', 'source', 'conspirac']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,freerepublic.com
55119,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243221/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-19-February-23-2026.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 19 – February 23  2026,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details February 19 – February 23  2026  Alphen aan den Rijn – February...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details February 19 – February 23  2026Alphen aan den Rijn – February 24  2026 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information solutions  software and services  today reports that it has repurchased 130 851 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 19  2026  up to and including February 23  2026  for €8.1 million and at an average share price of €61.90.The previously disclosed third-party agreement to repurchase €200 million in shares starting November 6  2025  up to and including February 23  2026  has hereby been fulfilled.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date are as follows:Share Buyback 2026Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2026 to date 1 318 031 99.9 75.79Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions  software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relations press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'general economic conditions', 'professional information solutions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'new information', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'expert solutions', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'ordinary shares', 'third-party agreement', 'Total consideration', 'treasury shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'February', 'WKL', 'software', 'services', 'November', 'year', 'date', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55120,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243192/0/en/WALLIX-reinforces-its-strategic-footprint-in-the-Middle-East-as-demand-for-digital-sovereignty-accelerates.html,WALLIX reinforces its strategic footprint in the Middle East as demand for digital sovereignty accelerates,Paris  France – February 24  2026  WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software vendor specializing in Identity and Access Management (IAM) and a recognized European leader in Privileged Access Management (PAM)  marks 10 years of sustained growt…,Paris  France – February 24  2026  WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software vendor specializing in Identity and Access Management (IAM) and a recognized European leader in Privileged Access Management (PAM)  marks 10 years of sustained growth in the Middle East. The region is a major contributor to the Group’s performance momentum. In 2025  WALLIX reported +37% growth in recurring revenue across EMEA (excluding France)  driven in particular by approximately +40% growth in the Middle East–Africa region. Against a backdrop of escalating cyber threats and increasing digital sovereignty requirements  WALLIX continues to strengthen its position as a strategic partner in protecting critical infrastructure across the region.A decade of local presence supporting digital sovereigntyEstablished in the Middle East for over ten years  WALLIX has built a strong regional footprint supported by an experienced local team and a network of more than 40 certified partners covering all Gulf countries. The company also offers local hosting facilities  addressing the growing demand for in-country data residency within national jurisdictions. This footprint is built on a “Channel First” strategy  driven by high-value-added distributors such as Cloud Dubai and SCOPE Middle East  ensuring organizations across the region rapid access to WALLIX solutions  close customer support  and agile deployment capabilities at scale.This local presence has translated into robust performance. The Middle East–Africa region is now WALLIX’s second-largest geographic area and the leading contributor within EMEA  with growth close to 40%. Several significant contracts have recently been secured in the Middle East  including projects to secure industrial OT environments across the utilities  healthcare  and construction sectors. These wins underscore WALLIX’s commercial momentum and its ability to address the security challenges of critical infrastructure throughout the region.« The Middle East is not a region to conquer for WALLIX  it has been part of our story since the company’s early days  often in geographically extreme and fascinating environments. Our very first commercial customer came from the Gulf region  and for more than ten years  we have built enduring relationships here with teams  partners  and customers who trust us every day » said Ahmed Bouzid  VP Sales Middle East Africa at WALLIX. « Today  our priority is to support the United Arab Emirates and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in securing both their IT and industrial OT environments with solutions that are simple  adaptable to local requirements  sovereign  and immediately operational. Solutions where architecture and customer data remain independent from sometimes intrusive extraterritorial regulations that may not be aligned with local contexts.»Digital sovereignty: a credible European alternativeDigital sovereignty has become both an economic and strategic imperative. In the United Arab Emirates and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  organizations are seeking solutions capable of protecting critical assets while complying with local data governance and regulatory requirements. In a global environment where certain digital and cybersecurity technologies may be subject to extraterritorial legislation and foreign legal constraints  WALLIX promotes an independent European approach. The company delivers security solutions designed to protect national sovereignty  preserve state autonomy  and ensure full sovereign control over critical systems and sensitive data. WALLIX relies on internationally recognized standards such as ISO 27001 and offers solutions certified under the highest European security frameworks  including trusted schemes from ANSSI (France) and BSI (Germany). The company supports national initiatives aligned with the United Arab Emirates’s National Cybersecurity Strategy  the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s Vision 2030  and compliance frameworks across highly regulated sectors such as finance  energy  healthcare  utilities  and government.WALLIX One: a unified  high-performance  and agile cyber platformAs digital transformation accelerates  WALLIX supports Middle Eastern organizations in securing complex and often sensitive IT and industrial OT environments through its unified platform  WALLIX One.The platform provides comprehensive identity and access protection  including human and non-human access control  privilege management  session monitoring and traceability  and access governance (internal  third-party  and machine-based identities). Designed for ease of adoption and rapid deployment  WALLIX One enables organizations to scale at their own pace  depending on cyber maturity  asset criticality  and operational or budgetary constraints. Deployment options include on-premises  cloud  hybrid  or managed services  allowing organizations to select the model best suited to their industry and business model  without unnecessary complexity or over-engineering.About WALLIXListed on Euronext (ALLIX) since 2015  WALLIX is a European cybersecurity software vendor and a recognized European leader in Privileged Access Management (PAM). WALLIX supports public and privatorganizations in securing identities and access  strengthening operational resilience  regulatory compliance  and digital autonomy. Today  the unified WALLIX One platform protects more than 4 000 organizations worldwide. It secures identities  user access  and privileged accounts across both digital (IT) and industrial (OT) environments  enabling organizations to operate securely and evolve confidently in an increasingly complex and interconnected digital world.www.wallix.com | info@wallix.comFINANCIAL COMMUNICATION CONTACTSACTUS Finance & CommunicationInvestor Relations - Hélène de Watteville+33 (0)1 53 67 36 33 / WALLIX@actus.frPress Relations – Déborah Schwartz+33 (0)6 27 09 05 73 / dschwartz@actus.fr,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.56,0.44,0.0,True,English,"['strategic footprint', 'Middle East', 'digital sovereignty', 'WALLIX', 'demand', 'VP Sales Middle East Africa', 'The Middle East–Africa region', 'European cybersecurity software vendor', 'highest European security frameworks', 'SCOPE Middle East', 'credible European alternative', 'Channel First” strategy', 'largest geographic area', 'Several significant contracts', 'United Arab Emirates', 'full sovereign control', 'industrial OT environments', 'escalating cyber threats', 'close customer support', 'country data residency', 'intrusive extraterritorial regulations', 'foreign legal constraints', 'National Cybersecurity Strategy', 'experienced local team', 'local hosting facilities', 'agile deployment capabilities', 'first commercial customer', 'strong regional footprint', 'Privileged Access Management', 'agile cyber platform', 'Middle Eastern organizations', 'local data governance', 'human access control', 'digital sovereignty requirements', 'cybersecurity technologies', 'European leader', 'customer data', 'European approach', 'compliance frameworks', 'access governance', 'local requirements', 'fascinating environments', 'security challenges', 'cyber maturity', 'commercial momentum', 'extraterritorial legislation', 'sensitive data', 'budgetary constraints', 'national sovereignty', 'local presence', 'local contexts', 'rapid access', 'regulatory requirements', 'access protection', 'privilege management', 'rapid deployment', 'Deployment options', 'national jurisdictions', 'national initiatives', 'major contributor', 'performance momentum', 'recurring revenue', 'strategic partner', 'critical infrastructure', 'A decade', 'Gulf countries', 'growing demand', 'high-value-added distributors', 'robust performance', 'leading contributor', 'construction sectors', 'early days', 'Gulf region', 'enduring relationships', 'Ahmed Bouzid', 'Saudi Arabia', 'strategic imperative', 'critical assets', 'global environment', 'security solutions', 'state autonomy', 'critical systems', 'trusted schemes', 'regulated sectors', 'digital transformation', 'unified platform', 'session monitoring', 'internal, third-party', 'machine-based identities', 'asset criticality', 'managed services', 'unnecessary complexity', 'ten years', '40 certified partners', 'sensitive IT', 'comprehensive identity', 'business model', 'sustained growth', 'Euronext ALLIX', 'WALLIX solutions', '10 years', '+37% growth', '+40% growth', 'Paris', 'France', 'February', 'IAM', 'PAM', 'Group', 'EMEA', 'backdrop', 'position', 'network', 'company', 'Cloud', 'Dubai', 'scale', 'projects', 'utilities', 'healthcare', 'wins', 'ability', 'story', 'extreme', 'teams', 'customers', 'priority', 'Kingdom', 'architecture', 'economic', 'independent', 'internationally', 'standards', 'ISO 27001', 'ANSSI', 'BSI', 'Germany', 'Vision', 'finance', 'energy', 'government', 'ease', 'adoption', 'pace', 'operational', 'premises', 'hybrid', 'industry', 'engineering']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55121,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243180/0/en/Signify-proposes-changes-to-its-Supervisory-Board.html,Signify proposes changes to its Supervisory Board,Press Release    February  24  2026  Signify proposes changes to its Supervisory Board  Proposal to appoint Barbara Holzapfel and Jeroen Hoencamp as...,Press ReleaseFebruary  24  2026Signify proposes changes to its Supervisory BoardProposal to appoint Barbara Holzapfel and Jeroen Hoencamp as Supervisory Board membersProposal to re-appoint Bram Schot as Supervisory Board memberJeroen Drost to assume the position of Chair of the Supervisory BoardRita Lane to step down from the Supervisory Board after a 10-year tenureEindhoven  The Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  proposes the following appointments and re-appointment  and announces the following changes to its Supervisory Board.The Supervisory Board proposes to appoint Barbara Holzapfel and Jeroen Hoencamp as Supervisory Board members. Both candidates will attend Signify Supervisory Board meetings observers from March 1  2026  until their appointment by the general meeting of shareholders.Barbara Holzapfel (German/American  57) is a US-based technology executive with extensive experience in enterprise software  digital transformation across B2B and B2C environments  and marketing and supply chain solutions. She began her career at The Coca-Cola Company and subsequently held consulting and leadership roles at New Solutions and Towers Perrin. From 2001 to 2013  she held executive positions with SAP across supply chain solutions  marketing and innovation  playing a key role in the acceleration of innovation strategies and the company’s transition to cloud and SaaS models. From 2017 to 2022  Barbara Holzapfel was Vice President Education at Microsoft  responsible for global strategy  growth and marketing across its software and hardware portfolio. Most recently  she served as Chief Marketing Officer at Genesys  where she drove transformational growth through marketing and go-to-market strategies.Barbara Holzapfel is currently a non-executive board member and the Chair of the Compensation Committee of hardware-enabled SaaS company Blackline Safety Corp  where she also serves on the Nominations & Governance Committee. She chairs the Board of Directors of Paris-based HR tech company Welcome to the Jungle. Barbara Holzapfel holds a degree in Business and Economics from Saarland University and a joint MBA from the University of Michigan and Saarland University. She has worked in Germany  US  UK  Switzerland and France.Jeroen Hoencamp (Dutch  59) is a Dutch-based telecom executive with a career in sales  marketing and general management. He spent over 25 years at telecommunication company Vodafone and Liberty Global  holding various executive positions. Most recently  he served as the CEO of VodafoneZiggo  where he led the integration of Vodafone Netherlands and Ziggo (Liberty Global) into the integrated communications company VodafoneZiggo  serving both consumer and enterprise segments. In his prior roles  he designed and implemented turn-around strategies  led business and IT transformations  and delivered sustainable business value.Jeroen Hoencamp is currently member of the Supervisory Board of the Dutch postal company PostNL and acts as an advisor to Singaporean investor GIC. He holds a General Management and Marketing degree from the Nyenrode University (the Netherlands) and an MBA from the University of Georgia (US). Jeroen Hoencamp has worked in the Netherlands  the UK  Ireland  the Dutch Antilles and the US.The Supervisory Board proposes the re-appointment of Supervisory Board member Bram Schot. Bram Schot has been a member of the Supervisory Board since May 2022. His extensive international executive experience and strong track record in strategy and transformation continue to contribute to the company’s long-term objectives.The Supervisory Board has appointed Jeroen Drost as its chair  effective March 1  2026. Jeroen Drost has been a member of the Supervisory Board since 2024. In this role  he will succeed Gerard van de Aast. Gerard van de Aast has been a member of the Supervisory Board since 2017 and will remain on the Supervisory Board until the end of his term in 2027.Rita Lane has been a member of the Supervisory Board since the company’s IPO in 2016. After a 10-year tenure  she will step down from the Supervisory Board at the end of her current term in April 2026.“We are pleased that Barbara Holzapfel and Jeroen Hoencamp are available to join our Board”  said Gerard van de Aast  Chair of the Supervisory Board of Signify. “Barbara Holzapfel’s experience in technology growth  innovation and marketing strategy  business transformation  and strong connection to the US market  as well as Jeroen Hoencamp’s deep understanding in technology applications and experience in business and IT transformations  will bring important experiences and perspectives to our Board. We value the continued availability of Bram Schot to serve on our Board. The Supervisory Board thanks Rita Lane for her highly valuable contributions and long-term commitment  and for the experience and insights in general management and supply chain she has brought to our Board.”The above proposals for appointments and re-appointment will be made to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 24  2026  and will each be for a period of four years.--- END ---For further information  please contact:Corporate CommunicationsTom LodgeTel: +31 6 5252 5416E-mail: tom.lodge@signify.comInvestor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals and consumers. We proudly bring to market the world’s best lighting brands  from Signify  Philips  Philips Hue  Signify Interact  Signify Dynalite  Color Kinetics and many more. Our advanced products  connected systems and services unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. In 2025  we had sales of EUR 5.8 billion  approximately 27 000 employees  and a presence in over 70 markets. We are in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index   earned a CDP ‘A’ score for climate performance and transparency and hold the EcoVadis Platinum rating.News and updates from Signify can be found in the Newsroom  on LinkedIn and Instagram. Information for investors is located on the Investor Relations page.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.74,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['Supervisory Board', 'Signify', 'changes', 'Signify Supervisory Board meetings observers', 'Gerard van de Aast', 'Paris-based HR tech company', 'extensive international executive experience', 'Vice President Education', 'Blackline Safety Corp', 'Dutch-based telecom executive', 'various executive positions', 'strong track record', 'US-based technology executive', 'integrated communications company', 'The Coca-Cola Company', 'supply chain solutions', 'hardware-enabled SaaS company', 'Supervisory Board members', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Supervisory Board', 'sustainable business value', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'Dutch postal company', 'executive board member', 'extensive experience', 'New Solutions', 'SaaS models', 'strong connection', 'The Netherlands', 'telecommunication company', 'technology applications', 'general management', 'Press Release', 'Barbara Holzapfel', 'Jeroen Hoencamp', 'Bram Schot', 'Jeroen Drost', 'Rita Lane', '10-year tenure', 'world leader', 'B2C environments', 'leadership roles', 'Towers Perrin', 'hardware portfolio', 'market strategies', 'Compensation Committee', 'Governance Committee', 'Liberty Global', 'enterprise segments', 'prior roles', 'turn-around strategies', 'IT transformations', 'Singaporean investor', 'Dutch Antilles', 'long-term objectives', 'technology growth', 'deep understanding', 'important experiences', 'continued availability', 'valuable contributions', 'long-term commitment', 'digital transformation', 'global strategy', 'transformational growth', 'Saarland University', 'Nyenrode University', 'following appointments', 'following changes', 'enterprise software', 'key role', 'joint MBA', 'current term', 'innovation strategies', 'business transformation', 'US market', 'marketing strategy', 'Vodafone Netherlands', 'Marketing degree', 'February', 'Proposal', 'Chair', 'Eindhoven', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT', 'candidates', 'March', 'shareholders', 'German/American', 'B2B', 'career', 'consulting', 'SAP', 'acceleration', 'transition', 'cloud', 'Microsoft', 'Genesys', 'Nominations', 'Directors', 'Jungle', 'Economics', 'Michigan', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Switzerland', 'France', 'sales', '25 years', 'CEO', 'VodafoneZiggo', 'integration', 'consumer', 'PostNL', 'advisor', 'GIC', 'Georgia', 'Ireland', 'May', 'end', 'IPO', 'April', 'perspectives', 'insights']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55122,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243270/0/en/Director-PDMR-Shareholding.html,Director/PDMR Shareholding,The Magnum Ice Cream Company N.V.   (TMICC or the Company)  NOTIFICATION OF A TRANSACTION OF A PERSON DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES (PDMR)   The...,The Magnum Ice Cream Company N.V.(TMICC or the Company)NOTIFICATION OF A TRANSACTION OF A PERSON DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES (PDMR)The Company notifies the following acquisition of ordinary shares of €3.50 each (Shares) of a PDMR.Director Number of Shares Abhijit Bhattacharya 4 998This announcement is made in accordance with the requirements of the EU and UK version of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014.1Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associateda)Name of natural person Abhijit Bhattacharya2Reason for the notificationa)Position/statusChief Financial Officer b)Initial notification/AmendmentInitial notification 3Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitora)NameThe Magnum Ice Cream Company N.V. b)Legal Entity Identifier code25490052LLF3XH6G9847 4Details of the transaction(s) summary table Date of Transaction Description of Instrument Identification Code Place of Transaction Currency 23-FEB-2026 Ordinary shares of €3.50 each ISIN: NL0015002MS2 Amsterdam Stock Exchange - XAMS EUR Nature of TransactionPrice Volume Total Acquisition 13.50 4 998 67 473 Aggregated 13.50 4 998 67 473Enquiries Media Relationsmedia.relations-tmicc@magnumicecream.comInvestor Relationsinvestor.relations-tmicc@magnumicecream.comAbout The Magnum Ice Cream CompanyWe are the world’s largest ice cream company  headquartered in Amsterdam  The Netherlands and listed on Euronext Amsterdam  the London Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. Home to four of the world’s five largest ice cream brands  with a global team of 16 500 employees  operating thirty factories  twelve R&D centres and a fleet of three million freezer cabinets  we generated €7.9 billion in revenue in 2025. From Magnum and Ben & Jerry’s to Cornetto and the Heartbrand  our ice cream portfolio delights consumers in eighty markets around the world. TMICC’s legal entity identifier is 25490052LLF3XH6G9847. For more information  visit www.corporate.magnumicecream.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'The Magnum Ice Cream Company N.V.', 'five largest ice cream brands', 'Legal Entity Identifier code 25490052LLF3XH6G9847', 'largest ice cream company', 'Instrument Identification Code Place', 'twelve R&D centres', 'three million freezer cabinets', 'emission allowance market participant', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'NL0015002MS2 Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ice cream portfolio', 'PERSON DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'summary table Date', 'Enquiries Media Relations', 'Investor Relations investor', 'Transaction Price Volume', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'following acquisition', 'Director Number', 'Abhijit Bhattacharya', 'UK version', 'natural person', 'Initial notification/Amendment', 'auction platform', 'auction monitor', 'Total Acquisition', 'global team', 'thirty factories', 'eighty markets', 'Transaction Description', 'Transaction Currency', 'ordinary shares', 'TMICC', 'PDMR', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'Details', 'Name', 'Reason', 'Position/status', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'ISIN', 'XAMS', 'Nature', 'magnumicecream', 'world', '16,500 employees', 'fleet', 'revenue', 'Ben', 'Jerry', 'Cornetto', 'Heartbrand', 'consumers', 'information', 'corporate']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55123,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243162/0/en/Nicox-Highlights-Positive-NCX-470-Phase-3-Data-Confirming-Therapeutic-Profile-at-the-2026-American-Glaucoma-Society-Annual-Meeting.html,Nicox Highlights Positive NCX 470 Phase 3 Data Confirming Therapeutic Profile at the 2026 American Glaucoma Society Annual Meeting,Press Release Nicox Highlights Positive NCX 470 Phase 3 Data Confirming Therapeutic Profile at the 2026 American Glaucoma Society Annual MeetingFebruary...,February 24  2026 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced that positive data from the NCX 470 Phase 3 studies were highlighted in 2 podium presentations and a poster at the 2026 American Glaucoma Society (AGS) Annual Meeting (February 19 to February 22)  one of the key scientific events in vision research.Data presented at AGS show that NCX 470  a novel  fast acting molecule  demonstrated best-in-class intraocular pressure (IOP) lowering efficacy of up to 10mmHg from baseline which has met the efficacy requirements for a New Drug Application in the U.S. and China.“Presentation of our NCX 470 Phase 3 data at the prominent American Glaucoma Society meeting validates the importance of our development program in bringing an innovative intraocular pressure lowering drug to patients. Approximately 40% of glaucoma patients do not achieve their target intraocular pressure on existing monotherapies  therefore physicians need new and different effective treatment options  and we believe that NCX 470 could meet that need ” said Doug Hubatsch  Chief Scientific Officer of Nicox. “These data further reinforce results we have previously announced demonstrating the robust intraocular pressure lowering effect and favourable safety profile of NCX 470. Furthermore  our clinical data presented validate the dual mechanism of intraocular pressure lowering through the trabecular meshwork and uveoscleral pathways that had previously been shown in animal models. Importantly  pre-planned analysis of the NCX 470 Phase 3 data demonstrates additional differentiation in intraocular pressure reduction; and preclinical data  which have already been reported  suggest potential benefits in retinal protection.”Details of the AGS presentationsPodium presentation: “A Randomized Trial Comparing NCX 470 0.1%  a Nitric Oxide-Donating Bimatoprost  and Latanoprost 0.005% for Open-Angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension: The DENALI Trial” presented by Dr. S. Asrani  Duke University Medical Center  Durham  NCThe Denali phase 3 clinical trial met its primary endpoint of demonstrating non-inferiority of NCX 470 0.1% to latanoprost 0.005% at every time point.NCX 470 demonstrated fast  powerful  and consistent intraocular pressure (IOP) reduction of up to 10mmHg that was statistically superior to latanoprost at 3 of 6 time points. NCX 470 was safe and well tolerated with a low discontinuation rate.Podium presentation: “Aqueous Humor Dynamics of NCX 470 Ophthalmic Solution (Nitric Oxide-Donating Bimatoprost): A Double-Masked  Placebo-Controlled  Phase 3b Clinical Trial” presented by Dr. A. Sit  Mayo Clinic  Rochester  MinnesotaAqueous humor dynamics were measured in healthy adults without glaucoma. Subjects were randomized to receive either artificial tears or NCX 470 0.1% dosed once daily. NCX 470 significantly lowered IOP by a dual mechanism of action  increasing both the outflow facility and uveoscleral outflow.Poster: “Outcomes in the United States Subgroup of the Denali Trial: A Randomized Trial Comparing NCX 470 0.1%  a Nitric Oxide-Donating Bimatoprost  and Latanoprost 0.005% for Open-Angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension” presented by Dr. J. Bacharach  North Bay Eye Associates  Inc.  Petaluma  CAIn the U.S. subgroup of the Phase 3 Denali trial  NCX 470 0.1% demonstrated robust IOP lowering in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. NCX 470 met the pre-specified non-inferiority criteria compared with latanoprost 0.005% and achieved statistically greater IOP reductions at 3 of 6 evaluated timepoints. NCX 470 was safe and well tolerated  with no treatment-related serious adverse events and low  similar discontinuation rates between treatment groups.The presentations and the poster are available on Nicox’s website in the section Publications.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.19,0.23,True,English,"['Positive NCX 470 Phase 3 Data Confirming Therapeutic Profile', '2026 American Glaucoma Society Annual Meeting', 'Nicox Highlights', 'innovative intraocular pressure lowering drug', 'robust intraocular pressure lowering effect', 'prominent American Glaucoma Society meeting', 'The Denali phase 3 clinical trial', 'novel, fast acting molecule', 'Duke University Medical Center', 'North Bay Eye Associates', 'treatment-related serious adverse events', 'different effective treatment options', 'low, similar discontinuation rates', 'Phase 3b Clinical Trial', '2026 American Glaucoma Society', 'class intraocular pressure', 'target intraocular pressure', 'consistent intraocular pressure', 'low discontinuation rate', 'robust IOP lowering', 'intraocular pressure reduction', 'key scientific events', 'Phase 3 Denali trial', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'international ophthalmology company', 'AGS) Annual Meeting', 'New Drug Application', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'favourable safety profile', 'Nitric Oxide-Donating Bimatoprost', 'Aqueous Humor Dynamics', 'Dr. A. Sit', 'United States Subgroup', 'Dr. J. Bacharach', 'Dr. S. Asrani', 'U.S. subgroup', 'up to 10mmHg', 'greater IOP reductions', 'NCX 470 Phase 3 studies', 'NCX 470 Ophthalmic Solution', 'NCX 470 Phase 3 data', 'clinical data', 'treatment groups', 'Randomized Trial', 'IOP) reduction', 'Open-Angle Glaucoma', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'positive data', 'vision research', 'development program', 'existing monotherapies', 'Doug Hubatsch', 'dual mechanism', 'trabecular meshwork', 'uveoscleral pathways', 'animal models', 'planned analysis', 'additional differentiation', 'potential benefits', 'retinal protection', 'Ocular Hypertension', 'primary endpoint', 'time point', 'Mayo Clinic', 'healthy adults', 'artificial tears', 'outflow facility', 'uveoscleral outflow', '6 evaluated timepoints', 'glaucoma patients', '2 podium presentations', 'AGS presentations', 'efficacy requirements', 'inferiority criteria', 'Nicox SA', 'February', 'release', 'CET', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'poster', 'baseline', 'China', 'importance', 'physicians', 'need', 'results', 'Details', 'Latanoprost', 'Durham', 'Double-Masked', 'Placebo-Controlled', 'Rochester', 'Minnesota', 'Subjects', 'action', 'Outcomes', 'Petaluma', 'website', 'section', 'Publications', '7:30']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55124,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243255/0/en/Amo%C3%A9ba-final-phase-for-marketing-authorisation-of-AXPERA.html,Amoéba: final phase for marketing authorisation of AXPERA,Chassieu  Feb. 24  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Chassieu (France)  23 February 2026 – 6:00 pm - Amoéba (FR0011051598 - ALMIB)  industrial greentech specialised in the development of natural microbiological solutions based on the patented use of amoebae  announces…,Chassieu  Feb. 24  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --The ANSES evaluation process for the application submitted in March 2025 is currently in its final stage.At the same time  French and Italian agricultural sectors have begun procedures to obtain derogatory marketing authorisations for the use of AXPERA to combat fungal diseases from the start of their production season.At this stage  there is nothing to prevent the marketing authorisation of the product in 2026.Chassieu (France)  23 February 2026 – 6:00 pm - Amoéba (FR0011051598 - ALMIB)  industrial greentech specialised in the development of natural microbiological solutions based on the patented use of amoebae  announces that the ANSES (French Agency for Food  Environmental and Occupational Health & Safety) has initiated the final phase of its assessment of the marketing authorisation application for the biocontrol product AXPERA  submitted in March 2025.One final step before obtaining marketing authorisation on the French marketIn 2025  Amoéba initiated the procedure in Europe to apply for marketing authorisation for its AXPERA biocontrol product in priority Member States. France agreed to act as the rapporteur Member State (zRMS) for all of these countries (see press releases dated 15 January 2025 and 22 April 2025). As such  the ANSES  the French competent authority  is currently finalising its assessment of the authorisation application submitted in March 2025.The procedure includes a final stage for comments on the draft assessment report (“draft Registration Report”)  open to both the applicant (Amoéba) and the other Member States concerned. This comment phase  which began in February  will end on 6 March 2026. It will be followed by the final phase of signing and official publication of the marketing authorisation in France. This administrative phase may take several weeks.At this stage of the draft Registration Report  Amoeba considers that there are no obstacles to the marketing authorisation of the product. The requested uses (culture/disease combinations) have all been deemed acceptable  and the product's safety profile has been confirmed.On the basis of the ANSES final assessment report and the French authorisation  the other Member States concerned will then initiate the national authorisation procedure for AXPERA in their territories.New derogatory marketing authorisations to come in order to meet demand from the agricultural sectors for AXPERAGiven the uncertainty regarding the timing of this final phase  the agricultural sectors in France and Italy have initiated procedures to obtain exceptional marketing authorisations for the use of AXPERA in certain situations presenting phytosanitary emergencies  similar to the authorisation granted in 2025 for the use of AXPERA against downy mildew in vineyards in France (see press release of 22 April 2025). The aim is therefore to enable agricultural producers to use AXPERA from the start of the production season.Furthermore  following on from the exceptional authorisation granted in 2025 by the Dutch authorities  Amoéba has submitted a new application for exceptional authorisation for large-scale trials in the Netherlands to use AXPERA on several crops  including the possibility of consuming the harvests.Provided they are granted  which was the case in 2025  these derogatory authorisations would allow AXPERA to be marketed for the uses concerned  regardless of the final timetable for obtaining marketing authorisation.About Amoéba:Founded in 2010  Amoéba is a green tech company based in Chassieu (Lyon  France) that aims to become a major player in microbiological risk treatment through the patented use of amoebae in the plant protection and cosmetics sectors.With unique expertise protected by numerous patents  Amoéba is currently the only company authorised to use the Willaertia amoeba industrially for biocontrol and cosmetic applications. To the Company's knowledge  it is also the only company capable of producing it on an industrial scale in volumes compatible with commercial applications  in order to offer a viable alternative to the chemical products widely used today.Amoéba is currently focusing on the global biocontrol market for plant protection and the cosmetics market. As the marketing of plant protection products is subject to obtaining local regulatory approvals  the Company has taken the necessary regulatory steps and submitted applications for approval in Europe and the United States. The active substance has already been approved in the United States in 2022 and received a positive and final report from the EFSA in Europe. Product registration was obtained in 2025 for the United States and is expected in 2026 in France and then in other targeted European countries.The cosmetic application does not require prior approval from a competent authority in Europe or the United States. The cosmetic ingredient is already listed on the INCI (International Nomenclature of Cosmetic Ingredients) list  paving the way for its commercialisation worldwide  except in China  where local approval is required.Amoéba is listed on Euronext Growth (ALMIB). The company is a member of the Bpifrance Excellence network and is eligible for the PEA-PME scheme. For more information  visit www.amoeba-nature.com.Contacts:Amoéba ACTUS finance & communication Droit Devant Agency Chief Executive OfficerJean-François DOUCET+33 (0)4 26 69 16 00jf.doucet@amoeba-nature.comInvestor relationsPierre JACQUEMIN-GUILLAUME+33 (0)1 53 67 36 79amoeba@actus.frFinancial press relationsSerena BONI+33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.frBusiness and general public press relationsLaëtitia PINTO+33 (0)7 64 83 39 85pinto@droitdevant.frDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Amoéba which are based on its own assumptions and estimates and on information that is currently available to us. However  Amoéba gives no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  with these estimates subject to numerous risks  including the risks set forth in Amoéba’s universal registration document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) on April 17  2025 under number D.25-0281 and available on the Amoéba website (www.amoeba-nature.com). The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Amoéba or not currently considered material by Amoéba. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause Amoéba’s actual results  financial conditions  performance  or achievements to be materially different from such forward-looking statements.Attachment,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.17,0.62,True,English,"['Amoéba', 'final phase', 'marketing authorisation', 'AXPERA', 'The ANSES evaluation process', 'New derogatory marketing authorisations', 'ANSES final assessment report', 'natural microbiological solutions', 'rapporteur Member State', 'microbiological risk treatment', 'necessary regulatory steps', 'draft Registration Report', 'local regulatory approvals', 'priority Member States', 'One final step', 'draft assessment report', 'other Member States', 'exceptional marketing authorisations', 'global biocontrol market', 'Italian agricultural sectors', 'green tech company', 'plant protection products', 'French competent authority', 'national authorisation procedure', 'marketing authorisation application', 'derogatory authorisations', 'final report', 'AXPERA biocontrol product', 'new application', 'chemical products', 'local appr', 'United States', 'exceptional authorisation', 'final phase', 'French market', 'final timetable', 'cosmetics market', 'Product registration', 'agricultural producers', 'cosmetics sectors', 'French authorisation', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'same time', 'fungal diseases', 'production season', 'Amoéba', 'industrial greentech', 'Occupational Health', 'press releases', 'comment phase', 'official publication', 'administrative phase', 'several weeks', 'culture/disease combinations', 'phytosanitary emergencies', 'downy mildew', 'Dutch authorities', 'large-scale trials', 'several crops', 'major player', 'unique expertise', 'numerous patents', 'industrial scale', 'viable alternative', 'active substance', 'cosmetic application', 'cosmetic ingredient', 'International Nomenclature', 'final stage', 'commercial applications', 'safety profile', 'Willaertia amoeba', 'European countries', 'prior approval', 'patented use', 'Chassieu', 'Feb.', 'March', 'procedures', 'start', 'France', 'February', 'ALMIB', 'development', 'amoebae', 'Environmental', 'zRMS', 'January', '22 April', 'comments', 'applicant', 'signing', 'obstacles', 'basis', 'territories', 'order', 'demand', 'uncertainty', 'timing', 'Italy', 'situations', 'vineyards', 'aim', 'Netherlands', 'possibility', 'harvests', 'case', 'uses', 'Lyon', 'knowledge', 'volumes', 'positive', 'EFSA', 'INCI', 'list', 'way', 'commercialisation', 'China', '6:00']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55125,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243161/0/en/Technip-Energies-awarded-a-significant-contract-for-the-Coral-Norte-floating-LNG-project-in-Mozambique.html,Technip Energies awarded a significant contract for the Coral Norte floating LNG project in Mozambique,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE)  in partnership with JGC and Samsung Heavy Industries  has been awarded a significant contract by Mozambique Rovuma Venture (MRV)  an Eni participated joint venture  to progress the work on the Coral Norte Floating Liquefied Natura…,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE)  in partnership with JGC and Samsung Heavy Industries  has been awarded a significant contract by Mozambique Rovuma Venture (MRV)  an Eni participated joint venture  to progress the work on the Coral Norte Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (FLNG) project  located offshore Mozambique.This landmark project marks the deployment of the country’s second floating LNG facility.This significant contract accumulates with the one previously announced for early works and confirms the continued advancement of Technip Energies’ scope of work on the Coral Norte FLNG project.Through early works and the adoption of the replica concept  the project is progressing fast and the hull launch took place on January 16  2026  in Geoje  South Korea.Coral Norte is designed as an enhanced replica of the successful Coral Sul project  drawing on the same feed gas composition and field location. By capitalizing on this proven design and incorporating lessons learned  Coral Norte will benefit from de-risked project execution  increased efficiency  LNG capacity  and optimized performance – delivering greater certainty and predictability at scale.Loïc Chapuis  President Project Delivery & Services of Technip Energies  commented: “Coral Norte is a clear recognition of Technip Energies’ engineering and project delivery expertise and our ability to replicate proven solutions with discipline and certainty. Building on the success of Coral Sul  and together with JGC and Samsung Heavy Industries  this award further strengthens our long-standing partnership with Eni and their Area 4 partners. It also underscores our leadership in delivering innovative and complex LNG solutions to support long-term energy supply and security in Mozambique and globally.”About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO 2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 17 000+ employees across 34 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €6.9 billion in 2024 and is listed on Euronext Paris. The Company also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comContactsInvestor RelationsPhillip LindsayVice-President Investor RelationsTel: +44 207 585 5051Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneImportant Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies’ (the “Company”) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company’s future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “intend”  “foresee”  “should”  “would”  “could”  “may”  “estimate”  “outlook”  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company’s forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company’s control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company’s risk factors set forth in the Company’s 2024 Annual Financial Report filed on March 10  2025  with the Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) and the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and in the Company’s 2025 Half-Year Report filed on July 31  2025 with the AFM and the AMF  which include a discussion of factors that could affect the Company’s future performance and the markets in which the Company operates.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.21,0.56,True,English,"['Coral Norte floating LNG project', 'Technip Energies', 'significant contract', 'Mozambique', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Coral Norte Floating Liquefied Natural Gas', 'Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'same feed gas composition', 'second floating LNG facility', 'successful Coral Sul project', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Coral Norte FLNG project', 'Social Media Manager', 'Samsung Heavy Industries', 'Loïc Chapuis', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'complementary business segments', 'President Project Delivery', 'project delivery expertise', 'Vice-President Investor Relations', 'complex LNG solutions', 'long-term energy supply', '2024 Annual Financial Report', 'risked project execution', 'Technip Energies’ scope', 'Mozambique Rovuma Venture', 'Technip Energies’ engineering', 'FLNG) project', 'Press Relations', 'landmark project', 'joint venture', 'LNG capacity', 'proven solutions', 'engineering powerhouse', 'financial condition', 'business conditions', '2025 Half-Year Report', 'PARIS:TE', 'significant contract', 'early works', 'continued advancement', 'replica concept', 'hull launch', 'South Korea', 'enhanced replica', 'field location', 'proven design', 'clear recognition', 'Area 4 partners', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'energy derivatives', 'industrial reality', '17,000+ employees', 'Euronext Paris', 'Jason Hyonne', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'potential effect', 'historical experience', 'present expectations', 'material factors', 'risk factors', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'future results', 'actual results', 'optimized performance', 'greater certainty', 'long-standing partnership', 'global technology', 'leadership positions', 'critical markets', 'Important Information', 'underlying assumptions', 'The Company', 'JGC', 'MRV', 'Eni', 'deployment', 'country', 'adoption', 'place', 'January', 'Geoje', 'lessons', 'efficiency', 'predictability', 'scale', 'Services', 'discipline', 'award', 'innovative', 'security', 'hydrogen', 'ethylene', 'decarbonization', 'circularity', 'Products', 'TPS', 'innovation', 'scalable', 'collaboration', 'excellence', '34 countries', 'prosperity', 'sustainability', 'world', 'revenues', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email', 'Investors', 'intentions', 'beliefs', 'projections', 'operations', 'earnings', 'cashflows', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'opportunities', 'words', 'plan', 'outlook', 'absence', 'assurance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'AFM', 'AMF', 'July', 'discussion', '33']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55126,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243927/0/en/Tonner-Drones-concludes-transition-year-with-1-1M-net-profit.html,Tonner Drones concludes transition year with €1.1M net profit,Tonner Drones significantly improves results. Company publishes net profit of €1.1 million and positive equity. ...,"Tonner Drones concludes transition year with €1.1M net profitParis  February 24th  2026  18:30  Tonner Drones (’the Company’) is pleased to announce its 2025 results. The year ended with a net profit of €1.1 million. Furthermore  equity was strengthened by more than €6 million  allowing the company to report positive equity.Tonner Drones had a successful year  completing its reorganization and refinancing. The company is pleased to announce that it has succeeded in its plan to prepare for renewed growth. Tonner Drones strives for continued profitability and value creation for shareholders in 2026.In the figures for 2025  only turnover declined  all other results improved.Operating expenses(€778k) still included items related to the reorganization and refinancing  such as costs for corporate actions and legal costs. Tonner Drones expects these costs to decrease further in 2026. A positive financial result of €1.6M was achieved and Equity is now positive at €879k. The net result is €1 1M positive.In k euro 31/12/2025 31/12/2024 Difference Difference Revenue 105 119 -14 -11% Operating expenses 778 3.281 -2.503 -76% Financial result 1.646 (3.097) +4.743 +153% Net result 1.105 (5.639) +6.745 +120% Cash position** 418 361 +55 +15% Equity 879 (5.587) +6.465 +116%** €1 25M cash from the sale of Donecle-shares is expected to be received in March 2026Improved results compared to 2024 were achieved thanks to strict cost control and cash management. In addition  several Tonner Drones subsidiaries performed strongly  resulting in the sale of a a part of its stake in Donecle. Despite a significant improvement in the balance sheet  Tonner Drones continues to value its assets conservatively on the balance sheet  leaving room for upward movement in the future. Shareholders showed their confidence in the company by subscribing to corporate actions in 2025  enabling the company to further strengthen its equity. Due to the improved results  Tonner Drones sees no need for capital increases. Apart from the already outstanding BSA (owned by the existing shareholders  among others)  Tonner Drones wants to keep dilution to a minimum and aims to increase earnings per share.Our 2026 mandate is again focused on maximizing asset value and capital efficiency. Following the successful €1.25 million partial exit from Donecle  we are now exploring evaluating strategic alternatives for our other participations to unlock further value. These participations are still valued for relatively low amounts on the balance sheet. These actions  combined with our active treasury investment strategy ensure a robust financial foundation. Operationally  we remain optimistic about the commercial trajectory of Countbot. While  due to lack of interest  we have actually written off the inhibitor project. Tonner drones continues its active strategy of treasury policy. Although Tonner Drones saw opportunities in the crypto market in July 2025  it currently has no exposure and has never had any. Tonner Drones applies strict risk management.Diede van den Ouden  CEO of Tonner Drones  commented: “We would like to thank our shareholders for their support in 2025. We will continue the process of maximizing the value of our assets  as we are convinced that we still own attractive participation. The completion of our corporate restructuring marks a pivotal milestone  allowing us to pivot from internal optimization to business building and growth. A €6M+ increase in equity has fundamentally transformed our financial profile  unlocking the potential to pursue high-impact opportunities.”Tonner Drones will publish the audited accounts and annual report before the statutory date of April 30  2026.End of Press-Release.About Tonner Drones : Tonner Drones develops technologies for the logistics sector. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some promising French drone manufacturers like Elistair and Donecle. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to increase the value of its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France. Tonner Drones uses an active strategy to manage its treasury.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.com / contact@tonnerdrones.comWarningRegarding the merits of any transaction or the making of any investment decision. It does not constitute or include any confirmation or commitment by Tonner Drones (or any other person) regarding the present or future value of Tonner Drones ' business  its securities  its subsidiaries or any other assets of Tonner Drones .This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs and expectations regarding future events. These forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations regarding future financial results  events  operations and services. and product development  as well as statements regarding performance or events. These statements are generally identified by the terms ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""project""  ""may""  ""should"" or the negative form of these and other similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions regarding Tonner Drones and its subsidiaries and investments  trends in their businesses  future capital expenditures and acquisitions  developments relating to contingent liabilities  changes in global economic conditions or Tonner Drones ' principal markets  competitive market conditions and regulatory factors. The realization of these events is uncertain; their outcome could turn out to be different from that envisaged today  which is likely to significantly affect the expected results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. Except as required by applicable law  Tonner Drones undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements  taking into account new information or future events.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.21,0.19,True,English,"['€1.1M net profit', 'Tonner Drones', 'transition year', 'Diede van den Ouden', 'promising French drone manufacturers', 'successful €1.25 million partial exit', 'active treasury investment strategy', 'several Tonner Drones subsidiaries', 'Difference Difference Revenue', 'strict cost control', 'strict risk management', 'robust financial foundation', 'active asset management', '€1.1M net profit', 'positive financial result', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'active strategy', 'investment decision', 'successful year', 'cash management', 'net result', 'financial profile', 'treasury policy', 'February 24th', 'continued profitability', 'Operating expenses', 'k euro', 'Cash position', '1,25M cash', 'significant improvement', 'balance sheet', 'upward movement', 'capital increases', 'outstanding BSA', 'asset value', 'capital efficiency', 'strategic alternatives', 'low amounts', 'commercial trajectory', 'inhibitor project', 'crypto market', 'attractive participation', 'corporate restructuring', 'pivotal milestone', 'internal optimization', '€6M+ increase', 'annual report', 'statutory date', 'logistics sector', 'valuable stakes', 'Additional revenues', 'R&D', 'ISIN code', 'More information', 'other person', 'press release', 'current beliefs', 'underlying assumptions', 'transition year', 'positive equity', 'corporate actions', 'looking statements', 'future events', 'value creation', 'other results', 'Improved results', 'other participations', 'business building', 'high-impact opportunities', 'legal costs', 'other assets', 'existing shareholders', 'future value', '2025 results', 'Company', 'reorganization', 'refinancing', 'plan', 'figures', 'turnover', 'items', 'sale', 'Donecle-shares', 'March', 'room', 'confidence', 'need', 'others', 'dilution', 'earnings', '2026 mandate', 'Countbot', 'lack', 'interest', 'July', 'exposure', 'CEO', 'support', 'process', 'completion', 'potential', 'accounts', 'April', 'End', 'Press-Release', 'technologies', 'Elistair', 'shareholdings', 'companies', 'royalties', 'patents', 'factory', 'products', 'systems', 'France', 'tonnerdrones', 'Warning', 'merits', 'transaction', 'making', 'confirmation', 'commitment', 'present', 'securities', 'forward', 'expectations', 'projections', 'estimates', 'objectives', 'intentions']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55127,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243178/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €1.1 billion share buyback programme announced on 30 October 2025  in total...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €1.1 billion share buyback programme announced on 30 October 2025  in total 2 592 238 shares were repurchased during the week of 16 February up to and including 20 February 2026.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €24.59 for a total amount of €63 749 138.94. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the updates on the share buyback programme on our website.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 31 528 913 at an average price of €23.56 for a total consideration of €742 737 404.04. To date approximately 67.52% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor more on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via X @ING_news feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries ING Group Media Relations ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Media.Relations@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI has been upgraded from 'AA' to 'AAA' in October 2025. As of June 2025  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’ with an ESG risk rating of 18.0 (low risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients  and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities  but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change  diversity  equity and inclusion and other ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting and also including managing the conflicting laws and requirements of governments  regulators and authorities with respect to these topics (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information. This document may also discuss one or more specific transactions and/or contain general statements about ING’s ESG approach. The approach and criteria referred to in this document are intended to be applied in accordance with applicable law. Due to the fact that there may be different or even conflicting laws  the approach  criteria or the application thereof  could be different.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,mixed,0.11,0.13,0.75,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', '2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€1.1 billion share buyback programme', 'ING Group Media Relations', 'ING Group Investor Relations', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'ESG index products', 'global financial institution', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'ESG material risk', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'maximum total value', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'related market disruption', 'ESG risk rating', 'wholesale banking services', 'Frequent news updates', 'ING Group shares', 'other forward-looking statements', 'ESG rating', 'share capital', 'Investor enquiries', 'financial services', 'low risk', 'financial information', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'average price', 'total amount', 'detailed information', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'low-carbon economy', 'sustainable activities', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'related internationa', 'total number', 'tax laws', '2,592,238 shares', 'Progress', '30 October', '16 February', '20 February', 'website', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'June', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Society', 'clients', 'lot', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'benchmark', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'governmental', 'connection', '18.0']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55128,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243153/0/en/Solvay-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-2025-results.html,Solvay fourth quarter and full year 2025 results,Press release                         Regulated information published on February 24  2026  at 7:00 a.m. CET  Strong free cash flow delivery in 2025 in a...,Press release Regulated information published on February 24  2026  at 7:00 a.m. CETStrong free cash flow delivery in 2025 in a challenging environmentHighlightsUnderlying net sales for the full year 2025 were €4.3 billion  -6.5% organically versus 2024. Soda ash seaborne and Coatis markets were weaker in 2025 while Peroxides and bicarbonate grew year-on-year. Underlying EBITDA was €881 million (-13.4% organically versus 2024)  maintaining a strong underlying EBITDA margin of 20.7% despite challenges.for the full year 2025 were €4.3 billion  -6.5% organically versus 2024. Soda ash seaborne and Coatis markets were weaker in 2025 while Peroxides and bicarbonate grew year-on-year. was €881 million (-13.4% organically versus 2024)  maintaining a strong underlying EBITDA margin of 20.7% despite challenges. Strategic transformation efforts continued to deliver tangible results  with structural cost savings initiatives contributing €101 million in 2025 (€211 million cumulatively). Transformation expenses reduced 2025 EBITDA by €‑27 million and Free Cash Flow 1 by €‑71 million.efforts continued to deliver tangible results  with initiatives contributing €101 million in 2025 (€211 million cumulatively). reduced 2025 EBITDA by €‑27 million and Free Cash Flow by €‑71 million. Underlying net profit from continuing operations was €306 million in 2025 vs. €445 million in 2024.from continuing operations was €306 million in 2025 vs. €445 million in 2024. Strong Free Cash Flow 1 delivery of €350 million in 2025  with higher provision cash outs offset by high working capital contribution and full‑year Capex contained to €292 million.delivery of €350 million in 2025  with higher provision cash outs offset by high working capital contribution and full‑year contained to €292 million. Underlying Net Debt stable at €1.6 billion  implying a leverage ratio of 1.8x.stable at €1.6 billion  implying a leverage ratio of 1.8x. Total proposed gross dividend of €2.43 per share  subject to shareholders’ approval.of €2.43 per share  subject to shareholders’ approval. Sustainability roadmap on track. Scope 1&2 CO 2 eq emissions reduced by -29% compared to 2021  already nearing the 2030 target.on track. Scope 1&2 CO eq emissions reduced by -29% compared to 2021  already nearing the 2030 target. 2026 outlook: Solvay expects its underlying EBITDA to be between €770 million and €850 million and its Free Cash Flow 1 to be at least €200 million (net of transformation expenses).Solvay expects its underlying EBITDA to be between €770 million and €850 million and its Free Cash Flow to be at least €200 million (net of transformation expenses). Confirmation of the dividend policy (stable-to-increasing) and the commitment to an investment-grade ratingUnderlying key figures in € million) Q4 2025 Q4 2024 % yoy % organic FY 2025 FY 2024 % yoy % organic Net sales 995 1 134 -12.3% -9.6% 4 262 4 686 -9.0% -6.5% EBITDA 169 256 -33.9% -29.8% 881 1 052 -16.3% -13.4% EBITDA margin 17.0% 22.6% -5.6pp 20.7% 22.5% -1.8pp FCF1 137 41 n.m. 350 361 -3.0% ROCE 13.6% 17.6% -4.0pp1 Free Cash Flow (FCF) is the free cash flow to Solvay shareholders from continuing operations.Philippe Kehren  Solvay CEO“In 2025  we delivered a strong performance in terms of free cash flow and retained our attractive EBITDA margin  at the same time as advancing the strategic and sustainability commitments that are reshaping Solvay for the long term  despite persistent market softness and continued geopolitical uncertainty. Our progress on cost savings  our disciplined capital allocation  and the development of our energy transition projects all reflect the determination of our teams. In the short term  transformation expenses are impacting our performance  but they are necessary in our journey to build the Solvay of the future.”Focus on capital allocation  cost and cashSolvay stays committed to its “Essential chemistry” strategy and its clear capital allocation framework.In the current challenging environment  cost savings are a key lever used by management to sustain performance. The savings program already generated more than €200 million in the first two years  leveraging the digitalization and simplification of the group.In particular  over the past two years  the company optimized its industrial footprint to keep the most competitive asset base and adapts it  when necessary  to the changes in the regional supply/demand realities. In the Soda Ash business unit  Solvay announced yesterday the launch of a consultation process to right size the production capacity in Torrelavega (Spain) to 420kt. In the Peroxides business unit  the sites of Warrington (UK) and Povoa (Portugal) have been closed. The Special Chem business unit has closed its site in Salindres (France) and announced the restructuring of its two German sites.Solvay prioritizes investments based on its capital allocation framework with essential capex and dividends as the first priorities. Discretionary investments are sized based on merit and affordability  and will remain focused in the short term on targeted growth opportunities  such as bicarbonate and electronic grade peroxides. Lastly  the company will continue to review its portfolio to ensure alignment with its long-term strategy and capital allocation priorities.2026 OutlookIn 2026  Solvay expects geopolitical and macroeconomic headwinds to persist and weigh on end-market demand  and competitive pricing pressure in certain business lines to stay. Transformation expenses (Transition Services Agreement phase-out  new ERP deployment  restructuring of the Fluorine activities) will continue to negatively impact EBITDA and Free Cash Flow  before gradually fading out as from 2027. Finally  the company is further optimizing its portfolio of CO 2 emission rights in 2026  with a similar impact as in 2025.Solvay guidance for full year 2026 is as follows:Underlying EBITDA between €770 million and €850 million. This includes a year-on-year negative impact of €20 million from currencies in 2026 (assuming a 1.20 EUR/USD exchange rate 2 ) and another €40 million of transformation expenses.) and another €40 million of transformation expenses. Free Cash Flow from continuing operations to Solvay shareholders to be at least €200 million  net of c. €90 million of transformation expenses  and with Capex capped at €300 million.Cumulated structural cost savings to be around €300 million at the end of 2026.Solvay remains committed to the pillars of its financial policy: a stable-to-increasing dividend and an investment-grade rating.2 Solvay is exposed to different currencies. The average annual currency translation impact on underlying EBITDA is estimated at around €10 million per 5 USD cents movement and €5 million per 25 BRL cents movement.DividendIn line with the dividend policy  the Board of Directors has decided to propose a total gross dividend of €2.43 per share  subject to Shareholders’ approval during the Ordinary General Meeting scheduled for May 12  2026. If approved and considering the interim gross dividend of €0.97 per share paid on January 21  2026  a final gross dividend of €1.46 per share will be paid on May 20  2026.ContactsInvestor relationsGeoffroy d’Oultremont: +32 478 88 32 96Vincent Toussaint: +33 6 74 87 85 65Charlotte Vandevenne: +32 471 68 01 66Investor.relations@solvay.comMedia relationsPeter Boelaert: +32 479 30 91 59Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen: +32 484 65 30 47media.relations@solvay.comAbout SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of around 8 400 employees. Since 1863  Solvay has harnessed the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we use  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. Solvay’s unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. As a world-leading company with €4.3 billion in underlying net sales in 2025  Solvay is listed on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB). For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Safe harborThis press release may contain forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements describe expectations  plans  strategies  goals  future events or intentions. The achievement of forward-looking statements contained in this press release is subject to risks and uncertainties relating to a number of factors  including general economic factors  interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations  changing market conditions  product competition  the nature of product development  impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  products withdrawals  regulatory approval processes  all-in scenario of R&I projects and other unusual items. Consequently  actual results or future events may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize  or should our assumptions prove inaccurate  actual results could vary materially from those anticipated. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.Ce communiqué de presse est également disponible en français.Dit persbericht is ook in het Nederlands beschikbaar.Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.17,0.47,True,English,"['Solvay fourth quarter', 'full year 2025 results', 'The Special Chem business unit', 'Strong free cash flow delivery', 'Strong Free Cash Flow 1 delivery', 'Scope 1&2 CO 2 eq emissions', 'Scope 1&2 CO eq emissions', 'higher provision cash outs', 'high working capital contribution', 'Soda Ash business unit', 'clear capital allocation framework', 'strong underlying EBITDA margin', 'structural cost savings initiatives', '1 Free Cash Flow', 'Soda ash seaborne', 'Peroxides business unit', 'disciplined capital allocation', 'challenging environment Highlights', 'persistent market softness', 'energy transition projects', 'current challenging environment', 'past two years', 'competitive asset base', 'regional supply/demand realities', 'Essential chemistry” strategy', 'first two years', 'attractive EBITDA margin', 'two German sites', 'full‑year Capex', 'Strategic transformation efforts', 'strong performance', 'essential capex', 'savings program', 'first priorities', 'Transformation expenses', 'full year', 'Press release', 'Regulated information', 'net sales', 'Coatis markets', 'tangible results', 'net profit', 'continuing operations', 'Net Debt', 'leverage ratio', 'gross dividend', 'shareholders’ approval', 'Sustainability roadmap', 'dividend policy', 'investment-grade rating', 'key figures', 'Philippe Kehren', 'same time', 'sustainability commitments', 'long term', 'geopolitical uncertainty', 'short term', 'key lever', 'industrial footprint', 'consultation process', 'production capacity', 'Discretionary investments', 'Solvay shareholders', 'Solvay CEO', 'Q4 2024 % yoy', '2025 EBITDA', 'February', '7:00 a', 'CET', 'bicarbonate', 'challenges', 'Total', 'track', '2030 target', '2026 outlook', 'Confirmation', 'FY', 'organic', 'FCF1', 'terms', 'continued', 'progress', 'development', 'determination', 'teams', 'journey', 'future', 'Focus', 'management', 'digitalization', 'simplification', 'group', 'company', 'changes', 'launch', 'Torrelavega', 'Spain', '420kt', 'Warrington', 'UK', 'Povoa', 'Portugal', 'Salindres', 'France', 'restructuring', 'dividends', 'merit', 'affordability']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55129,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243732/0/en/Press-Release-Sanofi-and-Regeneron-s-Dupixent-approved-in-the-US-as-the-first-and-only-medicine-for-allergic-fungal-rhinosinusitis.html,Press Release: Sanofi and Regeneron’s Dupixent approved in the US as the first and only medicine for allergic fungal rhinosinusitis,Sanofi and Regeneron’s Dupixent approved in the US as the first and only medicine for allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  Approval in adults and children aged...,"Sanofi and Regeneron’s Dupixent approved in the US as the first and only medicine for allergic fungal rhinosinusitisApproval in adults and children aged 6 years and older supported by phase 3 study demonstrating Dupixent significantly reduced nasal signs and symptoms and systemic corticosteroid use or surgery compared to placeboAFRS is a chronic type 2 inflammatory disease of the sinuses characterized by an allergic hypersensitivity to fungi  often requiring surgery with high rates of post-operative recurrenceDupixent is now approved in the US to treat nine distinct diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation  including sino-nasal  skin  gut and respiratory system diseases that affect a broad range of patients  from infants to elderly adultsParis and Tarrytown  NY  February 24  2026. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Dupixent (dupilumab) for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) who have a history of sino-nasal surgery. The FDA evaluated Dupixent under priority review for the treatment of AFRS  which is reserved for medicines that have the potential to provide significant improvements in the treatment  diagnosis  or prevention of serious conditions. This approval expands our approved indications in sino-nasal diseases to now include AFRS  alongside chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps.“Allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) is a disease that can leave both children and adults with inflamed nasal passages  nasal polyps  and thick mucus causing constant nasal congestion. Some patients can also experience more serious complications like deterioration of bone around the sinuses and facial deformities ” said Kenneth Mendez  President and CEO  Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America (AAFA). “As the first treatment specifically approved for AFRS  Dupixent offers the potential for relief to adults and children six years and older struggling with potentially debilitating symptoms.”AFRS is a chronic type 2 inflammatory disease. It is a specific subtype of chronic rhinosinusitis distinctly caused by an intense allergic hypersensitivity to fungi. It primarily affects people living in warm  humid climates where fungal spores are common in the environment. It can lead to nasal polyps  nasal congestion  loss of smell  thick mucus discharge  poor health-related quality of life  and patients can also experience bone loss around the sinus cavities and facial deformities. AFRS can be a severe and hard-to-treat form of chronic rhinosinusitis because it may not respond well to available options. Current standard-of-care treatment is surgery and prolonged courses of systemic steroids; however  disease recurrence is not uncommon.“Before Dupixent  people living with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis had to rely on treatments that left them potentially vulnerable to regrowth of nasal polyps and thick mucus that could rob them of their sense of smell ” said Alyssa Johnsen  MD  PhD  Global Therapeutic Area Head  Immunology Development at Sanofi. “As the first medicine approved specifically for AFRS  Dupixent has been proven to lessen multiple signs and symptoms of disease  help break the cycle of recurrence  and reduce the risk for subsequent surgeries and corticosteroids by 92%. We look forward to working with regulators in other countries to bring this innovative option to more patients in need.”The FDA approval is supported by the LIBERTY-AFRS-AIMS phase 3 study (clinical study identifier: NCT04684524)  in which 62 adults and children aged 6 years and older with AFRS were randomized to receive an age- and weight-based dose of Dupixent (200 mg or 300 mg) every two (Q2W) or four weeks (Q4W) (n=33) or placebo (n=29). The differences for Dupixent compared to placebo were as follows:Primary endpoint: Sinus opacification scores (a measure of extent of sinus involvement by the disease as assessed by computed tomography [CT] scans) improved by 50% versus 10% at Week 52 (7.36-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001); a significant reduction in sinus opacification scores was also observed at Week 24 (p<0.0001).Secondary endpoints:Select nasal signs and symptoms Patient-reported nasal congestion/obstruction improved by 67% versus 25% at Week 24 (0.87-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001)  with continued improvement at Week 52 to 81% compared to 11% (1.40-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001) Nasal polyp size (as assessed by endoscopy) reduced by 61% versus 15% at Week 24 (2.36-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001)  with continued reduction of 63% compared to 4% up to Week 52 (2.77-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001)Sense of smell Patient-reported loss of smell reduced by 67% versus 19% at Week 24 (0.89-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001)Treatment burden 92% reduction in the risk of systemic corticosteroid use and/or need of surgery (29% fewer proportion of patients; p=0.0010) over 52 weeks. 3% or 0% of patients on Dupixent received systemic corticosteroids or had surgery  respectively  compared to 31% or 7% of patients on placeboThe safety results in the LIBERTY-AFRS-AIMS study were similar to the known safety profile of Dupixent in CRSwNP. In pooled data from two pivotal CRSwNP studies in adults  the most common adverse reactions (≥1%) in the US Prescribing Information more frequently observed in patients on Dupixent compared to placebo were injection site reactions  conjunctivitis  arthralgia  gastritis  insomnia  eosinophilia  and toothache.“With this approval  Dupixent once again demonstrates its value in advancing the treatment landscape for a chronic type 2 inflammatory disease with high unmet need ” said George D. Yancopoulos  MD  PhD  Board co-Chair  President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron. “Beyond reducing nasal signs and symptoms  Dupixent reduced the need for surgery or systemic corticosteroids with fewer patients having bone erosion in the sinuses. These results underscore its potential to establish a new standard of care for people living with AFRS. This ninth FDA approval for Dupixent  the most widely used innovative branded antibody medicine  strengthens the established efficacy and body of evidence that IL4 and IL13 are major drivers of type 2 inflammation across many chronic diseases.”Additional submissions are planned to other regulatory authorities around the world.About LIBERTY-AFRS-AIMSThe LIBERTY-AFRS-AIMS phase 3 study was a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study assessing the safety and efficacy of Dupixent in adults and children aged 6 years and older with AFRS. The 52-week study included an age- and weight-based dose of Dupixent (300 mg Q2W for adults and children weighing ≥60 kg  200 mg Q2W for children weighing ≥30 kg to <60 kg  or 300 mg Q4W for children weighing ≥15 kg to <30 kg) or placebo. More than 80% of patients had a history of type 2 comorbidities.The primary endpoint assessed change from baseline in sinus opacification assessed by CT scans using the Lund-Mackay score (LMK; scale: 0-24) at Week 52. Secondary endpoints assessed at Week 24 included:Change from baseline in patient-reported nasal congestion (scale: 0-3)Change from baseline in nasal polyp score (scale: 0-8) as measured by endoscopyLMK scoreChange from baseline in patient-reported loss of smell (scale: 0-3)Some secondary endpoints were also assessed at Week 52 in addition to proportion of patients requiring surgery or systemic corticosteroids during the treatment period. Proportion of patients with bone erosion in the sinuses as evaluated by CT scans was a tertiary endpoint assessed at Week 52.About DupixentDupixent (dupilumab) is an injection administered under the skin (subcutaneous injection) at different injection sites. In adults with AFRS  Dupixent 300 mg is administered every two weeks. In children with AFRS  Dupixent is administered based on weight: 300 mg every two weeks for ≥60 kg  200 mg every two weeks for ≥30 kg to <60 kg  or 300 mg every four weeks for ≥15 kg to <30 kg. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home after training by a healthcare professional. In children aged 12 to 17 years  Dupixent should be administered under the supervision of an adult. In children younger than 12 years of age  Dupixent should be administered by a caregiver if given at home.Dupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL4) and interleukin-13 (IL13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in phase 3 studies  establishing that IL4 and IL13 are two of the key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases.Sanofi and Regeneron are committed to helping patients in the US who are prescribed Dupixent gain access to the medicine and receive the support they may need with the DUPIXENT MyWay® program. For more information  please call 1-844-DUPIXENT (1-844-387-4936) or visit www.DUPIXENT.com.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in more than 60 countries in one or more indications including certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps  eosinophilic esophagitis  prurigo nodularis  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  bullous pemphigoid  and AFRS in different age populations. More than 1.4 million patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab development programDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical studies involving more than 12 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in phase 3 studies  including chronic pruritus of unknown origin and lichen simplex chronicus. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to numerous approved treatments and product candidates in development  most of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  neurological diseases  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases  and rare diseases.Regeneron pushes the boundaries of scientific discovery and accelerates drug development using our proprietary technologies  such as VelociSuite®  which produces optimized fully human antibodies and new classes of bispecific antibodies. We are shaping the next frontier of medicine with data-powered insights from the Regeneron Genetics Center® and pioneering genetic medicine platforms  enabling us to identify innovative targets and complementary approaches to potentially treat or cure diseases.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow Regeneron on LinkedIn   Instagram   Facebook or X .About SanofiSanofi is an R&D driven  AI-powered biopharma company committed to improving people’s lives and delivering compelling growth. We apply our deep understanding of the immune system to invent medicines and vaccines that treat and protect millions of people around the world  with an innovative pipeline that could benefit millions more. Our team is guided by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives; this inspires us to drive progress and deliver positive impact for our people and the communities we serve  by addressing the most urgent healthcare  environmental  and societal challenges of our time.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Sanofi Media RelationsSandrine Guendoul | +33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | +33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | +1 617 356 4751 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | +1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comLéa Ubaldi | +33 6 30 19 66 46 | lea.ubaldi@sanofi.comEkaterina Pesheva | +1 410 926 6780 | ekaterina.pesheva@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen | +44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | +33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comKeita Browne | +1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | +33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comNina Goworek | +1 908 569 7086 | nina.goworek@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | +33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comYun Li | +33 6 84 00 90 72 | yun.li3@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsKailey Kilmartin | +1 914-652-0679| kailey.kilmartin@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsMark Hudson | +1 914-847-3482 | mark.hudson@regeneron.comSanofi forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended.Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions regarding the marketing and other potential of the product; regarding potential future events and revenues from the product. Words such as “expect ” “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend ” “estimate ” “plan ” “can ” “contemplate ” “could ” “is designed to ” “may ” “might ” “potential ” “objective ” ""attempt "" “target ” “project ” ""strategy "" ""strive "" ""desire "" “predict ” “forecast ” “ambition ” “guideline ” ""seek "" “should ” “will ” ""goal "" or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful; authorities’ decisions regarding whether and when to approve a product candidate; political pressure in the United States to mandate lower drug prices including “most favored nation” pricing for State Medicaid programs; the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues; competition in general; risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the French Markets Authority (AMF) made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2025 or contained in our periodic reports on Form 6-K. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. In light of these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained herein.All trademarks mentioned in this press release are the property of the Sanofi group except for VelociSuite and Regeneron Genetics Center.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”) and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  including Dupixent for the treatment of chronic pruritus of unknown origin  lichen simplex chronicus  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates and risks associated with tariffs and other trade restrictions; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement or copay assistance for Regeneron’s Products from third-party payors and other third parties  including private payor healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payors and other third parties and new policies and procedures adopted by such payors and other third parties; changes to drug pricing regulations and requirements and Regeneron’s pricing strategy; other changes in laws  regulations  and policies affecting the healthcare industry; competing products and product candidates (including biosimilar products) that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable)  to be cancelled or terminated; the impact of public health outbreaks  epidemics  or pandemics on Regeneron's business; and risks associated with litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations (including the pending civil proceedings initiated or joined by the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts)  risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection)  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2025. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (https://investor.regeneron.com) and its LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/regeneron-pharmaceuticals).Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['allergic fungal rhinosinusitis', 'Press Release', 'Sanofi', 'Regeneron', 'Dupixent', 'first', 'medicine', 'Global Therapeutic Area Head', 'computed tomography [CT] scans', 'chronic type 2 inflammatory disease', 'warm, humid climates', 'poor health-related quality', 'nine distinct diseases', 'respiratory system diseases', 'clinical study identifier', 'systemic corticosteroid use', 'Sinus opacification scores', 'intense allergic hypersensitivity', 'inflamed nasal passages', 'Nasal polyp size', 'allergic fungal rhinosinusitis', 'LIBERTY-AFRS-AIMS phase 3 study', 'constant nasal congestion', 'thick mucus discharge', 'The US Food', 'The FDA approval', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'type 2 inflammation', 'fungal spores', 'sino-nasal diseases', 'sinus cavities', 'systemic steroids', 'sinus involvement', 'nasal signs', 'nasal polyps', 'nasal congestion/obstruction', 'high rates', 'broad range', 'Drug Administration', 'priority review', 'significant improvements', 'serious conditions', 'serious complications', 'facial deformities', 'Kenneth Mendez', 'Allergy Foundation', 'specific subtype', 'treat form', 'available options', 'Current standard', 'prolonged courses', 'Alyssa Johnsen', 'Immunology Development', 'multiple signs', 'subsequent surgeries', 'other countries', 'innovative option', 'weight-based dose', 'Primary endpoint', 'Secondary endpoints', 'continued improvement', 'systemic corticosteroids', 'disease recurrence', 'post-operative recurrence', 'significant reduction', 'continued reduction', 'care treatment', 'Treatment burden', 'debilitating symptoms', 'elderly adults', 'sino-nasal surgery', 'first treatment', 'bone loss', 'first medicine', 'Patient-reported loss', 'pediatric patients', '92% reduction', '62 adults', 'Sanofi', 'Regeneron', 'Dupixent', 'children', 'placebo', 'sinuses', 'fungi', 'part', 'gut', 'infants', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'NY', 'February', 'dupilumab', 'history', 'medicines', 'potential', 'diagnosis', 'prevention', 'indications', 'deterioration', 'President', 'CEO', 'Asthma', 'America', 'AAFA', 'relief', 'people', 'environment', 'smell', 'life', 'severe', 'treatments', 'regrowth', 'sense', 'MD', 'PhD', 'cycle', 'risk', 'regulators', 'need', '200 mg', '300 mg', 'Q2W', 'differences', 'measure', 'extent', 'Week', 'endoscopy', '19']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55130,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243729/0/en/Dupixent-dupilumab-Approved-in-the-U-S-as-the-First-and-Only-Medicine-for-Allergic-Fungal-Rhinosinusitis-AFRS.html,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Approved in the U.S. as the First and Only Medicine for Allergic Fungal Rhinosinusitis (AFRS),Approval in adults and children aged 6 years and older supported by Phase 3 trial demonstrating Dupixent significantly reduced nasal signs and symptoms  and systemic corticosteroid use or surgery compared to placebo,"Approval in adults and children aged 6 years and older supported by Phase 3 trial demonstrating Dupixent significantly reduced nasal signs and symptoms  and systemic corticosteroid use or surgery compared to placeboAFRS is a chronic type 2 inflammatory disease of the sinuses characterized by an allergic hypersensitivity to fungi  often requiring surgery with high rates of post-operative recurrenceDupixent is now approved in the U.S. to treat nine distinct diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation  including sino-nasal  skin  gut and respiratory system diseases that affect a broad range of patients  from infants to elderly adultsTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  Feb. 24  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) who have a history of sino-nasal surgery. The FDA evaluated Dupixent under Priority Review for the treatment of AFRS  which is reserved for medicines that have the potential to provide significant improvements in the treatment  diagnosis or prevention of serious conditions. This approval expands our approved indications in sino-nasal diseases to now include AFRS  alongside chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps.“Allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) is a disease that can leave both children and adults with inflamed nasal passages  nasal polyps and thick mucus causing constant nasal congestion. Some patients can also experience more serious complications like deterioration of bone around the sinuses and facial deformities ” said Kenneth Mendez  President and CEO  Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America (AAFA). “As the first treatment specifically approved for AFRS  Dupixent offers the potential for relief to adults and children six years and older struggling with potentially debilitating symptoms.”AFRS is a chronic type 2 inflammatory disease. It is a specific subtype of chronic rhinosinusitis distinctly caused by an intense allergic hypersensitivity to fungi. It primarily affects people living in warm  humid climates where fungal spores are common in the environment. It can lead to nasal polyps  nasal congestion  loss of smell  thick mucus discharge  poor health-related quality of life  and patients can also experience bone loss around the sinus cavities and facial deformities. AFRS can be a severe and hard-to-treat form of chronic rhinosinusitis because it may not respond well to available options. Current standard-of-care treatment is surgery and prolonged courses of systemic steroids; however  disease recurrence is not uncommon.“With this approval  Dupixent once again demonstrates its value in advancing the treatment landscape for a chronic type 2 inflammatory disease with high unmet need ” said George D. Yancopoulos  M.D.  Ph.D.  Board co-Chair  President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron  and a principal inventor of Dupixent. “Beyond reducing nasal signs and symptoms  Dupixent reduced the need for surgery or systemic corticosteroids with fewer patients having bone erosion in the sinuses. These results underscore its potential to establish a new standard of care for people living with AFRS. This ninth FDA approval for Dupixent  the most widely used innovative branded antibody medicine  strengthens the established efficacy and body of evidence that IL-4 and IL-13 are major drivers of type 2 inflammation across many chronic diseases.”The FDA approval is supported by the LIBERTY-AFRS-AIMS Phase 3 trial  in which 62 adults and children aged 6 years and older with AFRS were randomized to receive an age- and weight-based dose of Dupixent (200 mg or 300 mg) every two or four weeks (n=33) or placebo (n=29). The differences for Dupixent compared to placebo were as follows:Primary Endpoint: Sinus opacification scores (a measure of extent of sinus involvement by the disease as assessed by computed tomography [CT] scans) improved by 50% versus 10% at Week 52 (7.36-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001); a significant reduction in sinus opacification scores was also observed at Week 24 (p<0.0001).Sinus opacification scores (a measure of extent of sinus involvement by the disease as assessed by computed tomography [CT] scans) improved by 50% versus 10% at Week 52 (7.36-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001); a significant reduction in sinus opacification scores was also observed at Week 24 (p<0.0001). Secondary Endpoints: Select nasal signs and symptoms Patient-reported nasal congestion/obstruction improved by 67% versus 25% at Week 24 (0.87-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001)  with continued improvement at Week 52 to 81% compared to 11% (1.40-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001). Nasal polyp size (as assessed by endoscopy) reduced by 61% versus 15% at Week 24 (2.36-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001)  with continued reduction of 63% compared to 4% up to Week 52 (2.77-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001). Sense of smell Patient-reported loss of smell reduced by 67% versus 19% at Week 24 (0.89-point placebo-corrected reduction; p<0.0001). Treatment burden 92% reduction in the risk of systemic corticosteroid use and/or need of surgery (29% fewer proportion of patients; p=0.0010) over 52 weeks. 3% or 0% of patients on Dupixent received systemic corticosteroids or had surgery  respectively  compared to 31% or 7% of patients on placebo.The safety results in the LIBERTY-AFRS-AIMS trial were similar to the known safety profile of Dupixent in CRSwNP. In pooled data from two pivotal CRSwNP trials in adults  the most common adverse reactions (≥1%) in the U.S. Prescribing Information more frequently observed in patients on Dupixent compared to placebo were injection site reactions  conjunctivitis  arthralgia  gastritis  insomnia  eosinophilia  and toothache.“Before Dupixent  people living with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis had to rely on treatments that left them potentially vulnerable to regrowth of nasal polyps and thick mucus that could rob them of their sense of smell ” said Alyssa Johnsen  M.D.  Ph.D.  Global Therapeutic Area Head  Immunology Development at Sanofi. “As the first medicine approved specifically for AFRS  Dupixent has been proven to lessen multiple signs and symptoms of disease  help break the cycle of recurrence  and reduce the risk for subsequent surgeries and corticosteroids by 92%. We look forward to working with regulators in other countries to bring this innovative option to more patients in need.”Additional submissions are planned to other regulatory authorities around the world.About LIBERTY-AFRS-AIMSThe LIBERTY-AFRS-AIMS Phase 3 trial was a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial assessing the safety and efficacy of Dupixent in adults and children aged 6 years and older with AFRS. The 52-week trial included an age- and weight-based dose of Dupixent (300 mg every two weeks for adults and children weighing ≥60 kg  200 mg every two weeks for children weighing ≥30 kg to <60 kg or 300 mg every four weeks for children weighing ≥15 kg to <30 kg) or placebo. More than 80% of patients had a history of type 2 comorbidities.The primary endpoint assessed change from baseline in sinus opacification assessed by CT scans using the Lund-Mackay score (LMK; scale: 0-24) at Week 52. Secondary endpoints assessed at Week 24 included:Change from baseline in patient-reported nasal congestion (NC; scale: 0-3).Change from baseline in nasal polyp score (NPS; scale: 0-8) as measured by endoscopy.LMK score.Change from baseline in patient-reported loss of smell (LoS; scale: 0-3).Some secondary endpoints were also assessed at Week 52 in addition to proportion of patients requiring surgery or systemic corticosteroids during the treatment period. Proportion of patients with bone erosion in the sinuses as evaluated by CT scans was a tertiary endpoint assessed at Week 52.About DupixentDupixent is an injection administered under the skin (subcutaneous injection) at different injection sites. In adults with AFRS  Dupixent 300 mg is administered every two weeks. In children with AFRS  Dupixent is administered based on weight: 300 mg every two weeks for ≥60 kg  200 mg every two weeks for ≥30 kg to <60 kg or 300 mg every four weeks for ≥15 kg to <30 kg. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home after training by a healthcare professional. In children aged 12 to 17 years  Dupixent should be administered under the supervision of an adult. In children younger than 12 years of age  Dupixent should be administered by a caregiver if given at home.Dupixent  which was invented using Regeneron’s proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are two of the key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases.Regeneron and Sanofi are committed to helping patients in the U.S. who are prescribed Dupixent gain access to the medicine and receive the support they may need with the DUPIXENT MyWay® program. For more information  please call 1-844-DUPIXENT (1-844-387-4936) or visit www.DUPIXENT.com.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in more than 60 countries in one or more indications including certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP)  eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE)  prurigo nodularis  chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU)  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)  bullous pemphigoid (BP) and allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) in different age populations. More than 1 400 000 patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.1About Regeneron’s VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's co-Founder  Board co-Chair  President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved fully human monoclonal antibodies. This includes Dupixent® (dupilumab)  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb)  Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab and odesivimab-ebgn) and Veopoz® (pozelimab-bbfg). In addition  REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab) had been authorized by the FDA during the COVID-19 pandemic until 2024.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 12 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including chronic pruritus of unknown origin and lichen simplex chronicus. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with AD under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP) in adults and children 12 years of age and older whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with CRSwNP under 12 years of age.to treat adults and children 1 year of age and older with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE)  who weigh at least 33 pounds (15 kg). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with EoE under 1 year of age  or who weigh less than 33 pounds (15 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with PN under 18 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of adults with inadequately controlled chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a high number of blood eosinophils (a type of white blood cell that may contribute to your COPD). DUPIXENT is used to reduce the number of flare-ups (the worsening of your COPD symptoms for several days) and can improve your breathing. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with COPD under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) who continue to have hives that are not controlled with H1 antihistamine treatment. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with CSU under 12 years of age  or who weigh less than 66 pounds (30 kg).to treat adults with bullous pemphigoid (BP). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with BP under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS)  who have had surgery on their nose or sinuses in the past. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with AFRS under 6 years of age.DUPIXENT is not used to relieve sudden breathing problems and will not replace an inhaled rescue medicine or to treat any other forms of hives (urticaria).IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have AD  CRSwNP  EoE  PN  COPD  CSU  BP  or AFRS and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your other medicines  including corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine  without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by those medicines to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:All e r g i c r ea c t i on s. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions  including skin reactions  that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  skin rash  including rash that looks like a bullseye  painful red or blue bumps under the skin  or red pus-filled spots on the skin  general ill feeling  itching  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  joint pain  or cramps in your stomach area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  skin rash  including rash that looks like a bullseye  painful red or blue bumps under the skin  or red pus-filled spots on the skin  general ill feeling  itching  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  joint pain  or cramps in your stomach area. E y e pr ob l e m s. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. I n fl a mm a t i o n o f y ou r b l oo d v e ss e l s. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you get: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  brown or dark colored urine  persistent fever  or a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs.Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you get: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  brown or dark colored urine  persistent fever  or a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs. Psoriasis. This can happen in people with atopic dermatitis and asthma who receive DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider about any new skin symptoms. Your healthcare provider may send you to a dermatologist for an examination if needed.This can happen in people with atopic dermatitis and asthma who receive DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider about any new skin symptoms. Your healthcare provider may send you to a dermatologist for an examination if needed. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema: injection site reactions  eye problems  including eye and eyelid inflammation  redness  swelling  itching  eye infection  dry eye  and blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).injection site reactions  eye problems  including eye and eyelid inflammation  redness  swelling  itching  eye infection  dry eye  and blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). A s t h ma: injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. C h r on i c R h i no s i nu s i t i s w i th N a s a l P o ly p s: injection site reactions  eye problems  including eye and eyelid inflammation  redness  swelling  itching  eye infection  and blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  stomach problems (gastritis)  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.injection site reactions  eye problems  including eye and eyelid inflammation  redness  swelling  itching  eye infection  and blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  stomach problems (gastritis)  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache. Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia). Prurigo Nodularis: eye problems  including eye and eyelid inflammation  redness  swelling  itching  and blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.eye problems  including eye and eyelid inflammation  redness  swelling  itching  and blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea. Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: injection site reactions  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  viral infection  back pain  inflammation inside the nose (rhinitis)  diarrhea  stomach problems (gastritis)  joint pain (arthralgia)  toothache  headache  and urinary tract infection.injection site reactions  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  viral infection  back pain  inflammation inside the nose (rhinitis)  diarrhea  stomach problems (gastritis)  joint pain (arthralgia)  toothache  headache  and urinary tract infection. Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria : injection site reactions.: injection site reactions. Bullous Pemphigoid : joint pain (arthralgia)  eye problems  including eye and eyelid inflammation  redness  swelling  itching  and blurred vision  and herpes virus infections.: joint pain (arthralgia)  eye problems  including eye and eyelid inflammation  redness  swelling  itching  and blurred vision  and herpes virus infections. Allergic Fungal Rhinosinusitis: injection site reactions  eye problems  including eye and eyelid inflammation  redness  swelling  itching  eye infection  and blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  stomach problems (gastritis)  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to numerous approved treatments and product candidates in development  most of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  neurological diseases  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases  and rare diseases.Regeneron pushes the boundaries of scientific discovery and accelerates drug development using our proprietary technologies  such as VelociSuite  which produces optimized fully human antibodies and new classes of bispecific antibodies. We are shaping the next frontier of medicine with data-powered insights from the Regeneron Genetics Center® and pioneering genetic medicine platforms  enabling us to identify innovative targets and complementary approaches to potentially treat or cure diseases.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow Regeneron on LinkedIn  Instagram  Facebook or X.About SanofiSanofi is an R&D driven  AI-powered biopharma company committed to improving people’s lives and delivering compelling growth. We apply our deep understanding of the immune system to invent medicines and vaccines that treat and protect millions of people around the world  with an innovative pipeline that could benefit millions more. Our team is guided by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives; this inspires us to drive progress and deliver positive impact for our people and the communities we serve  by addressing the most urgent healthcare  environmental  and societal challenges of our time.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”) and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  including Dupixent for the treatment of chronic pruritus of unknown origin  lichen simplex chronicus  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates and risks associated with tariffs and other trade restrictions; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement or copay assistance for Regeneron’s Products from third-party payors and other third parties  including private payor healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payors and other third parties and new policies and procedures adopted by such payors and other third parties; changes to drug pricing regulations and requirements and Regeneron’s pricing strategy; other changes in laws  regulations  and policies affecting the healthcare industry; competing products and product candidates (including biosimilar products) that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable)  to be cancelled or terminated; the impact of public health outbreaks  epidemics  or pandemics on Regeneron's business; and risks associated with litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations (including the pending civil proceedings initiated or joined by the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts)  risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection)  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2025. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (https://investor.regeneron.com) and its LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/regeneron-pharmaceuticals).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions regarding the marketing and other potential of the product; regarding potential future events and revenues from the product. Words such as “expect ” “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend ” “estimate ” “plan ” “can ” “contemplate ” “could ” “is designed to ” “may ” “might ” “potential ” “objective ” ""attempt "" “target ” “project ” ""strategy "" ""strive "" ""desire "" “predict ” “forecast ” “ambition ” “guideline ” ""seek "" “should ” “will ” ""goal "" or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful; authorities’ decisions regarding whether and when to approve a product candidate; political pressure in the United States to mandate lower drug prices including “most favored nation” pricing for State Medicaid programs; the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues; competition in general; risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the French Markets Authority (AMF) made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2025 or contained in our periodic reports on Form 6-K. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. In light of these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained herein.All trademarks mentioned in this press release are the property of the Sanofi group except for VelociSuite and Regeneron Genetics Center.Regeneron Contacts:Media RelationsKailey KilmartinTel: +1 914-652-0679Kailey.Kilmartin@regeneron.com Investor RelationsMark HudsonTel: +1 914-847-3482Mark.Hudson@regeneron.com Sanofi Contacts:Media RelationsSandrine GuendoulTel: +33 6 25 09 14 25Sandrine.Guendoul@sanofi.comEvan BerlandTel: +1 215-432-0234Evan.Berland@sanofi.comLéo Le BourhisTel: + 33 6 75 06 43 81leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor RouaultTel: +1 617-356-4751Victor.Rouault@sanofi.comTimothy GilbertTel: +1 516-521-2929Timothy.Gilbert@sanofi.comLéa UbaldiTel: +33 6 30 19 66 46Lea.Ubaldi@sanofi.comEkaterina PeshevaTel: +1 410-926-6780Ekaterina.Pesheva@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk LarsenTel: +44 7545 513 693Thomas.Larsen@sanofi.comAlizé KaisserianTel: +33 6 47 04 12 11Alize.Kaisserian@sanofi.comKeita BrowneTel: +1 781-249-1766Keita.Browne@sanofi.comNathalie PhamTel: +33 7 85 93 30 17Nathalie.Pham@sanofi.comNina GoworekTel : +1 908-569-7086Nina.Goworek@sanofi.comThibaud ChâteletTel: +33 6 80 80 89 90Thibaud.Chatelet@sanofi.comYun LiTel: +33 6 84 00 90 72Yun.Li3@sanofi.com1 Data on File",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.02,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['Allergic Fungal Rhinosinusitis', 'U.S.', 'Only Medicine', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'First', 'AFRS', 'innovative branded antibody medicine', 'computed tomography [CT] scans', 'chronic type 2 inflammatory disease', 'Week 24 (0.87-point placebo-corrected reduction', 'warm, humid climates', 'poor health-related quality', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'nine distinct diseases', 'respiratory system diseases', 'many chronic diseases', 'Sinus opacification scores', 'inflamed nasal passages', 'Patient-reported nasal congestion/obstruction', 'Nasal polyp size', 'systemic corticosteroid use', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'intense allergic hypersensitivity', 'U.S. Food', 'thick mucus discharge', 'LIBERTY-AFRS-AIMS Phase 3 trial', 'constant nasal congestion', 'allergic fungal rhinosinusitis', 'high unmet need', 'ninth FDA approval', 'The FDA approval', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'type 2 inflammation', 'sino-nasal diseases', 'fungal spores', 'sinus cavities', 'sinus involvement', 'high rates', 'significant reduction', 'continued reduction', 'disease recurrence', 'nasal signs', 'nasal polyps', 'systemic steroids', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'systemic corticosteroids', 'post-operative recurrence', 'broad range', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Drug Administration', 'Priority Review', 'significant improvements', 'serious conditions', 'serious complications', 'facial deformities', 'Kenneth Mendez', 'Allergy Foundation', 'specific subtype', 'available options', 'Current standard', 'prolonged courses', 'principal inventor', 'new standard', 'major drivers', 'weight-based dose', 'Primary Endpoint', 'Secondary Endpoints', 'continued improvement', 'bone erosion', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'first treatment', 'treatment landscape', 'pediatric patients', 'fewer patients', 'debilitating symptoms', 'elderly adults', 'sino-nasal surgery', 'bone loss', 'care treatment', 'Week 52', '62 adults', 'children', 'Dupixent', 'sinuses', 'fungi', 'part', 'skin', 'gut', 'infants', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'Inc.', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', 'history', 'medicines', 'potential', 'diagnosis', 'prevention', 'indications', 'deterioration', 'President', 'CEO', 'Asthma', 'America', 'AAFA', 'relief', 'people', 'environment', 'smell', 'life', 'severe', 'value', 'Board', 'Chair', 'results', 'AFRS.', 'efficacy', 'evidence', 'IL-4', 'IL-13', '200 mg', '300 mg', 'differences', 'measure', 'extent', 'endoscopy']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55131,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243884/0/en/Press-Release-2025-results-in-line-with-guidance-Launch-of-Horizons-strategic-plan.html,[Press Release] 2025 results in line with guidance - Launch of Horizons strategic plan,2025 results in line with guidanceLaunch of Horizons strategic plan  Paris  February 24th  2026 - Ipsos  one of the world's leading market research and...,2025 results in line with guidanceLaunch of Horizons strategic planParis  February 24th  2026 - Ipsos  one of the world's leading market research and opinion polling companies  today announces its full-year 2025 results. Revenue  organic growth and operating margin rate  communicated on a preliminary basis at the Investor Day on 22 January  are confirmed.Revenue : €2 525 million Total growth: +3.4% Organic growth: +0.6%: €2 525 million Operating margin : €309 millionOperating margin rate: 12.3% Operating margin rate at constant scope*: 12.8%: €309 million*Excluding temporarily dilutive effect related to The BVA Family and infas acquisitionsIpsos recorded revenue of €2 524.7 million in 2025  up 3.4%  including 0.6% organic growth  a 5.8% scope effect mainly related to the acquisitions of The BVA Family and infas  and a negative 3.0% foreign exchange impact  reflecting the appreciation of the euro against certain currencies  including the US dollar.The uncertain political context across several geographies  combined with tighter budgetary constraints for governments  weighed on Public Affairs activity and  consequently  on Ipsos’ consolidated performance. This level of growth remains below our ambitions. The strategic plan presented last month is designed to restore a sustained and durable growth trajectory.At the same time  the operating margin proved resilient and once again demonstrates Ipsos' financial discipline. It stands at 12.8% at constant scope and 12.3% on a reported basis  including the temporarily dilutive effect of The BVA Family and infas acquisitions.The year 2025  as well as the beginning of 2026  was marked by several structuring events:The acquisitions of infas and The BVA Family  the latter being the largest acquisition completed by Ipsos since 2018. These acquisitions significantly strengthen Ipsos' position in Europe  particularly in Germany  France  Italy and the United Kingdom  as well as our expertise in packaging testing through PRS IN VIVO The appointment  last September  of Jean Laurent Poitou as Chief Executive Officer  whose mandate is to return to sustainable and profitable growth The resignation of Didier Truchot from his position as Chairman of Ipsos' Board of Directors for health reasons  effective February 28  2026  and the appointment by the Board of Laurence Stoclet as President The presentation  in January 2026 at the Investor Day  of Horizons  the growth strategic plan to reinforce Ipsos’ global leadership.REVENUE BY QUARTERIn € millions 2025Revenue TotalGrowth Organic growth Scope FX 1st quarter 568.5 2.0% -1.8% 2.9% 0.9% 2nd quarter 586.6 1.0% 0.7% 3.3% -3.0% 3rd quarter 635.9 7.6% 2.9% 8.5% -3.8% 4th quarter 733.7 3.2% 0.5% 8.1% -5.4% Total Revenue 2 524.7 3.4% 0.6% 5.8% -3.0%PERFORMANCE BY REGIONIn € millions 2025Revenue Contribution TotalGrowth OrganicGrowth EMEA 1 245.2 49% 12.0% 2.0% Americas 887.2 35% -3.4% 0.3% Asia-Pacific 392.2 16% -4.3% -2.5% Total 2 524.7 100% 3.4% 0.6%In EMEA  our main region  total growth reached 12% in 2025  driven by the integration of The BVA Family and infas acquisitions. Against a particularly demanding comparable base (+5.5% in 2024)  organic growth stood at 2.0%  supported by satisfactory performance in Continental Europe and the Middle East  but also impacted by a decline of more than 3% in France  attributable to the political and a budgetary environment which strongly affected the Public Affairs service line. Organic growth in the other service lines in France was slightly positive.The Americas recorded organic growth of 0.3% in 2025. In the United States  the political context weighed on Public Affairs activity throughout the year  resulting in a decline of approximately 15% in this service line. Excluding this activity  the other service lines delivered organic growth of close to 2% for the year  supported by Consumer Goods clients and by an improvement in the Healthcare sector.In Asia-Pacific  Ipsos' activities in China are stable in a contracting market. However  the region's performance was impacted by the decline in Public Affairs in several countries  notably in Australia  New Zealand and India. Foreign exchange effects were also unfavorable in the region  due to the depreciation of the yuan and won and other currencies against the euro.PERFORMANCE BY AUDIENCEIn € millions 2025Revenue Contribution TotalGrowth OrganicGrowth Consumers1 1 244.6 49% 2.6% 2.1% Clients and employees2 516.5 20% 5.4% 2.1% Citizens3 389.0 15% 5.9% -8.0% Doctor and patients4 374.6 15% 1.2% 2.4% Total 2 524.7 100% 3.4% 0.6%Distribution of Service Lines by audience segment:1- Brand Health Tracking  Creative Excellence  Innovation  Ipsos UU  Ipsos MMA  Market Strategy & Understanding  Observer (excl. public sector)  Ipsos Synthesio  Strategy32- Automotive & Mobility Development  Audience Measurement  Customer Experience  Channel Performance (Mystery Shopping and Shopper)  ERM  Capabilities3- Public Affairs  Corporate Reputation4- Pharma (quantitative et qualitative)Our service lines dedicated to consumers  clients and employees delivered organic growth of 2.1% in 2025. Growth in this segment was driven particularly by our activities related to market and brand analyses  advertising campaign measurement and research on physical and digital retail touchpoints.Our activity with citizens declined by 8.0% organically in 2025. The persistent uncertain political environment dampened demand from public sector players  particularly in the United States and France.The doctors and patients audience showed organic growth of 2.4%. Innovation in oncology  rare diseases as well as GLP-1 (type 2 diabetes and obesity treatment) related studies are the main growth drivers for the year.Our platform Ipsos.Digital continued its strong growth (27% in 2025)  with an operating margin level approximately twice that of the Group's other activities.FINANCIAL PERFORMANCESummary income statementIn € millions 2025 2024 Variation Revenue 2 524.7 2 440.8 3.4% Gross margin 1 711.0 1 677.7 2.0% Gross margin / Revenue 67.8% 68.7% -0.9 pt Operating profit 309.3 319.5 -3.2% Operating profit / Revenue 12.3% 13.1% -0.8 pt Other non-current / recurringincome and expenses -24.1 -16.2 Finance costs -12.5 -9.1 Other financial income and expenses -11.1 -2.4 Income tax -66.3 -73.7 Net profit(attributable to owners of the parent) 186.6 204.5 -8.8% Adjusted net profit*(attributable to owners of the parent) 240.4 244.1 -1.5%*Adjusted net profit is calculated before (i) non-monetary items related to IFRS 2 (Share-based Payment)  (ii)the amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets (client relations)  (iii) the impact of other non-currentincome and expenses  net of tax  (iv) the non-monetary impact of changes in puts and other financial incomeand expenses  and (v) deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill for which amortisation is deductible in somecountries.Income statement itemsGross margin stood at 67.8% versus 68.7% in 2024. A major part of this decline is explained by the integration of infas and The BVA Family  whose gross margin rates are lower than the Group average. At constant scope and exchange rates  the gross margin decreased by 30 basis points  reflecting a temporary increase in data collection costs in certain activities  as well as the strengthening of quality control procedures on our panels.The payroll increased by 2.4%  due to the impact of acquisitions. On a like-for-like and constant currency basis  it remained stable  reflecting our adaptation of the cost structure to evolving business activity. At 31 December  the ratio of staff costs to gross margin stood at 64.8%.Overhead costs increased by approximately €20 million  reflecting additional expenses related to acquisitions. On a like-for-like basis  the rise in IT and technology spending  in line with our investment strategy  is offset by savings from rent renegotiations and enhanced discipline on discretionary spending. The ratio of overheads to gross margin stood at 14.9%.The other operating income and expenses showed a negative balance of €17 million  primarily related to termination costs. It also includes operational foreign exchange losses resulting from the depreciation of the dollar and other currencies against the euro.For 2025  the operating margin stood at 12.3% and 12.8% excluding the temporarily dilutive effect related to The BVA Family and infas acquisitions.Other non-current income and expenses were impacted by approximately €13 million due to the write-down of Russian net assets. The balance of this item mainly comprises €6.7 million in reorganization costs following acquisitions and management changes  as well as €6.0 million in acquisition-related costsFinance costs stood at €12.5 million  up €3.4 million over the period. This change is mainly explained by higher average debt during the year  following acquisitions completed in 2025. It also includes the financing cost of the €400 million bond issue completed in January 2025  carrying a 3.75% coupon and a five-year maturity.Other financial income and expenses showed a charge of €11.1 million  mainly resulting from non-operational foreign exchange losses  related to the depreciation of the dollar  as well as finance charges associated with the application of IFRS 16.The effective tax rate is stable at 26.0%.Net profit attributable to owners of the parent stood at €187 million and adjusted net profit attributable to owners of the parent at €240 million compared to €244 million the previous year.Financial structureCash flow from operations stood at €411 million  compared to €430 million in 2024. This decline is mainly explained by the decrease in net profit.The change in working capital showed a negative variation of €30 million. This was driven  on the one hand  by a 3.2% increase in activity in the fourth quarter and  on the other hand  by a decrease in the 2025 variable compensation provision  the cash outflow of which will occur in the first half of 2026.Investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  mainly comprising investments in IT and technology infrastructure  amounted to €83 million in 2025. They increased by 18%  consistent with the Group's accelerated investments in platforms and technologies.In total  free cash flow from operations stood at €181 million. This level is close to the average operating free cash flow generated over the past three years  which stood at €200 million.Regarding non-current investments  Ipsos accelerated its acquisition policy in 2025  with an invested amount of €179 million  mainly for The BVA Family and infas acquisitions.Finally  financing activities mainly include (i) a rated bond issue of 400 million euros in January 2025 (ii) the repayment in June of the previous bond for 300 million euros.Equity stands at €1 568 million at 31 December 2025 versus €1 578 million at 31 December 2024.Net financial debt amounts to €219 million  versus €57 million at 31 December 2024  due to acquisitions. The leverage ratio (calculated excluding IFRS 16 impact) is sound and stands at 0.5 times EBITDA.Cash position. Cash at December 31  2025  amounts to €318 million.With the issuance of the €400 million bond  Ipsos has no significant debt maturities before 2030.OUTLOOKThe 2025 financial year took place in an uncertain macroeconomic and political environment  weighing on our Public Affairs business. While the operating margin once again proved resilient  organic growth  which remained insufficient  underlines the need for rapid deployment of the Horizons plan  Ipsos' growth strategy presented at the Investor Day on January 22.The ambition is clear: to make Ipsos the global market research leader providing and turning data into Impactful Insights  powered by AI. This ambition relies on two growth drivers: on the one hand  reinventing our services by leveraging AI to transform ways of working and delivering faster; on the other hand  enriching our portfolio by maximizing the adoption of high-potential services and exploring new growth opportunities.To achieve this  Ipsos has on solid assets: its position as an independent global leader; diversified offerings; access to real respondents; long-term relationships with clients whose satisfaction level is very high; strong employee engagement; and finally  a robust financial structure enabling it to deploy its strategy.From the start of 2026  Ipsos is actively deploying the priorities of its strategic roadmap:The Group is notably accelerating the development of Globally Managed Services (GMS)   whose penetration remains limited in many countries  and which offer strong growth potential. A first wave of six GMS has been identified as a priority in 2026 organized into three categories: Innovation  Creative Excellence and Behavioural Measurement. This acceleration is supported by targeted investments as well as the establishment of a dedicated organization  led at the global level.  whose penetration remains limited in many countries  and which offer strong growth potential. A first wave of six GMS has been identified as a priority in 2026 organized into three categories: Innovation  Creative Excellence and Behavioural Measurement. This acceleration is supported by targeted investments as well as the establishment of a dedicated organization  led at the global level. At the same time  Ipsos.Digital   which already supports part of the GMS  represents an additional growth driver and will further enhance its offering with new services starting in 2026.  which already supports part of the GMS  represents an additional growth driver and will further enhance its offering with new services starting in 2026. Ipsos has also reorganized its management team to align it with the priorities of its strategic plan  particularly regarding offerings  as well as technology and artificial intelligence.to align it with the priorities of its strategic plan  particularly regarding offerings  as well as technology and artificial intelligence. Lastly  commercial initiatives have been launched  notably  accountability has been strengthened at various management levels in the oversight and development of key accounts  with the objective of improving commercial execution and supporting growth.The year 2026 marks the first step in restoring the Group’s growth momentum  targeting average organic growth of 3% to 4% over the 2026-2028 period. This trajectory is based on the rapid deployment of strategic priorities. The initiatives launched in 2026 will progressively gain momentum. For 2026  Ipsos anticipates organic growth between2 and 3%  with an operating margin equivalent to that of 2025. Capital allocation priorities remain unchanged  with the pursuit of a targeted acquisition strategy and increased investment in technology.In view of the Group’s strong financial position and in line with the capital allocation policy presented at the Investor Day  the Board of Directors will propose to the General Meeting of 20 May 2026  the payment of a dividend of €2.00 per share  up more than 8%  corresponding to a payout ratio of 36% of adjusted diluted net earnings per share  which will be detached on July 1  2026.Furthermore  the Board of Directors has today approved a share buyback program for cancellation purposes  for an amount of approximately €100 million in 2026  which will be proceed promptly. The implementation of this plan will be announced in a separate press release.***Presentation of 2025 Full-Year ResultsThe 2025 full-year results will be presented on Wednesday  25 February 2025 at 8:30 a.m. CET via webcast.If you would like to register  please contactIpsosCommunications@Ipsos.com.A replay will also be made available on Ipsos.comAppendicesConsolidated income statementStatement of financial positionConsolidated cash flow statementStatement of changes in consolidated equityThe complete consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2025 are availableon Ipsos.comABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research companies in the world  present in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multispecialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarises our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our world of rapid change.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since 1 July 1999. The company is part of the SBF 120  Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FPwww.ipsos.com35 rue du Val de Marne75 628 Paris  Cedex 13 FranceTel. +33 1 41 98 90 00Consolidated income statementAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025In € thousands 31/12/2025 31/12/2024 Revenue 2 524 714 2 440 780 Direct costs (813 723) (763 104) Gross margin 1 710 992 1 677 676 Staff costs (excluding share-based payments) (1 108 056) (1 082 039) Staff costs (share-based payments) * (21 592) (20 706) General operating expenses (255 071) (235 236) Other operating income and expenses (16 972) (20 178) Operating margin 309 300 319 517 Amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets* (6 565) (6 318) Other non-current income and expenses* (24 107) (16 225) Share of profit or loss of associates (385) (2 187) Operating profit 278 243 294 787 Finance costs (12 451) (9 076) Other financial income and expenses (11 147) (2 406) Net profit before tax 254 647 283 305 Income tax (excluding deferred tax related to goodwill amortisation) (64 534) (72 716) Deferred tax related to goodwill amortisation* (1 725) (997) Income tax (66 259) (73 713) Net profit 188 386 209 592 Attributable to owners of the parent 186 551 204 525 Attributable to non-controlling interests 1 835 5 067 Basic net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent (in euros) 4.33 4.75 Diluted net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent (in euros) 4.27 4.66 Adjusted net profit* 242 026 250 209 Attributable to owners of the parent 240 381 244 063 Attributable to non-controlling interests 1 645 6 148 Adjusted net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent 5.58 5.67 Adjusted diluted net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent 5.50 5.56Statement of financial positionAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025In € thousands 31/12/2025 31/12/2024 ASSETS - - Goodwill 1 510 126 1 406 990 Right-of-use assets 128 996 102 036 Other intangible assets 188 713 163 251 Property  plant and equipment 27 865 28 819 Investment in associates 2 982 3 507 Other non-current financial assets 49 612 56 470 Deferred tax assets 38 306 26 835 Non-current assets 1 946 600 1 787 909 Trade and other receivables 589 625 591 890 Contract assets 117 218 110 998 Current tax 17 196 9 038 Other current assets 89 785 71 668 Financial derivatives - - Cash and cash equivalents 317 561 342 549 Current assets 1 131 384 1 126 143 Including assets held for sale and discontinued operations 4 636 - TOTAL ASSETS 3 077 984 2 914 051 In € thousands 31/12/2025 12/31/2024 LIABILITIES Share capital 10 801 10 801 Share premium 446 174 446 174 Own shares (461) (7 532) Translation differences (248 524) (125 010) Other reserves 1 172 891 1 048 563 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 186 551 204 525 Equity attributable to owners of the parent 1 567 432 1 577 522 Non-controlling interests 253 243 Equity 1 567 684 1 577 765 Borrowings and other non-current financial liabilities 507 789 76 975 Non-current lease liabilities 105 329 80 639 Non-current provisions 7 401 3 975 Provisions for post-employment benefits 47 045 40 395 Deferred tax liabilities 79 301 74 735 Other non-current liabilities 31 685 56 443 Non-current liabilities 778 549 333 160 Trade and other payables 369 494 335 211 Borrowings and other current financial liabilities 29 009 322 735 Current lease liabilities 33 734 31 959 Current tax 18 377 41 836 Current provisions 4 730 6 402 Contract liabilities 58 517 54 250 Other current liabilities 217 883 210 736 Current liabilities 731 744 1 003 128 Including liabilities held for sale and discontinued operations 13 130 - TOTAL LIABILITIES 3 077 984 2 914 051Consolidated cash flow statementAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025In € thousands 31/12/2025 31/12/2024 OPERATING ACTIVITIES - - NET PROFIT 188 386 209 592Non-cash items - - Depreciation and amortisation of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 101 273 91 190 Net profit of equity-accounted companies  net of dividends received 385 2 187 Loss/(gain) on asset disposals (2 325) (3 039) Net change in provisions 13 148 20 792 Share-based payment expense 19 689 18 447 Other non-cash income and expenses 527 (356) Acquisition costs of consolidated companies 6 015 5 379 Finance costs 17 345 12 544 Tax charge 66 259 73 713 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE TAX AND FINANCE COSTS 410 701 430 449 Change in working capital requirement (29 800) (17 920) Income tax paid (78 866) (74 129) CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 302 035 338 400 INVESTING ACTIVITIES - - Acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (83 088) (70 337) Proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 3 769 83 (Increase)/decrease in financial assets (6) 1 229 Acquisitions of consolidated companies and activities  net of cash acquired (154 093) (34 616) CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (233 417) (103 641) FINANCING ACTIVITIES - - Share capital increases/(reductions) - - Net (purchases)/sales of own shares (14 223) (39 048) Increase in long-term borrowings 901 997 359 000 Decrease in long-term borrowings (801 525) (359 035) (Increase)/Decrease in long-term loans to associates (2 750) - Increase/(decrease) in bank overdrafts - - Net repayment of lease liabilities (36 832) (39 410) Net interest paid (1 960) (9 598) Net interest paid on lease obligations (3 803) (3 529) Acquisitions of non-controlling interests (24 530) (3 909) Dividends paid to shareholders of the parent company (79 835) (71 241) Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of consolidated companies - (217) Dividends received from non-consolidated companies - - CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (63 461) (166 964) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 5 157 67 794Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (18 641) 3 211 Depreciation of the Russian cash (11 418) (6 368) OPENING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 342 410 277 911 CLOSING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 317 508 342 549Statement of changes in consolidated equityAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025Equity In € thousands Share capital Share premium Treasury shares Other reserves Translation differences Attributable to shareholders of the company Non-controlling interests Total Position at 1 January 2024 10 801 446 174 (965) 1 124 650 (164 363) 1 416 297 16 353 1 432 650 Change in share capital - - - - - - - - Dividends paid - - - (71 249) - (71 249) (217) (71 466) Effects of acquisitions and commitments to purchase non-controlling interests - - - 17 083 - 17 083 (20 000) (2 917) Delivery of own shares under the free share allocation plan - - 32 224 (32 224) - - - - Other movements in own shares - - (38 793) - - (38 793) - (38 793) Share-based payments recognised directly in equity - - - 18 385 - 18 385 - 18 385 Other movements- - - (2 795) - (2 795) 74 (2 721) Transactions with shareholders - - (6 568) (70 800) - (77 369) (20 143) (97 512) Profit for the year - - - 204 525 - 204 525 5 067 209 592 Other comprehensive income - - - - - - - - Fair value revaluation of investments - - - (5 715) - (5 715) - (5 715) Net investments in foreign operations and related hedges- - - - 28 048 28 048 (185) 27 863 Deferred tax on net investments in foreign operations - - - - (6 887) (6 887) - (6 887)Change in translation differences - - - - 18 192 18 192 (849) 17 344 Change in the fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income - - - - - - - - Actuarial gains and losses - - - 560 - 560 - 560 Deferred tax on actuarial gains and losses - - - (130) - (130) - (130) Total other comprehensive income - - - (5 285) 39 354 34 068 (1 034) 33 035 Comprehensive income - - - 199 240 39 354 238 593 4 033 242 626 Position at 31 December 2024 10 801 446 174 (7 532) 1 253 089 (125 010) 1 577 522 243 1 577 765Equity In € thousands Share capital Share premium Treasury shares Other reserves Translation differences Attributable to shareholders of the company Non-controlling interests Total Position at 1 January 2025 10 801 446 174 (7 532) 1253 089 (125 010) 1577 522 243 1577 765 Change in share capital - - - - - - - - Dividends paid - - - (79 835) - (79 835) - (79 835) Effects of acquisitions and commitments to purchase non-controlling interests - - - 211 - 211 (1 173) ( 962) Delivery of own shares under the free share allocation plan - - 21 009 (21 009) - - - - Other movements in own shares - - (13 937) - - (13 937) - (13 937) Share-based payments recognized directly in equity - - - 19 689 - 19 689 - 19 689 Other movements - - - (1 104) - (1 104) 66 (1 038) Transactions with shareholders - - 7 071 (82 048) - (74 977) (1 107) (76 084) Profit for the year - - - 186 551 - 186 551 1 835 188 386 Other comprehensive income - - - - - - - - Fair value revaluation of investments - - - 92 - 92 - 92 Net investments in foreign operations and related hedges- - - - (44 595) (44 595) ( 101) (44 695) Deferred tax on net investments in foreign operations - - - - 11 299 11 299 - 11 299Change in translation differences - - - - (90 220) (90 220) ( 616) (90 836) Change in the fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income - - - - - - - - Actuarial gains and losses - - - 1 331 - 1 331 - 1 331 Deferred tax on actuarial gains and losses - - - 428 - 428 - 428 Total other comprehensive income - - - 1 851 (123 515) (121 664) ( 717) (122 381) Comprehensive income - - - 188 402 (123 515) 64 887 1 118 66 005 Position at 31 December 2025 10 801 446 174 ( 461) 1359 442 (248 524) 1567 432 253 1567 684Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.3,0.44,True,English,"['Horizons strategic plan', 'results', 'line', 'guidance', 'Launch', 'Organic growth Scope FX 1st quarter', 'Corporate Reputation 4- Pharma', 'Revenue Contribution Total Growth Organic', 'negative 3.0% foreign exchange impact', '1- Brand Health Tracking', 'Public Affairs service line', 'Foreign exchange effects', 'opinion polling companies', 'Jean Laurent Poitou', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'demanding comparable base', 'The BVA Family', 'tighter budgetary constraints', 'durable growth trajectory', 'leading market research', 'several structuring events', 'operating margin rate', 'other service lines', ""Ipsos' financial discipline"", 'Ipsos’ global leadership', 'Consumer Goods clients', 'growth strategic plan', 'Public Affairs activity', 'uncertain political context', 'Horizons strategic plan', 'Ipsos’ consolidated performance', '4% Organic growth', '0.6% organic growth', 'Revenue Total', 'Total Revenue', 'constant scope', '5.8% scope effect', 'health reasons', 'public sector', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'budgetary environment', 'profitable growth', 'Growth Consumers1', 'several geographies', 'The Americas', 'contracting market', 'several countries', 'Market Strategy', 'other currencies', 'Investor Day', 'dilutive effect', 'US dollar', 'same time', 'largest acquisition', 'United Kingdom', 'packaging testing', 'Didier Truchot', 'Laurence Stoclet', 'Middle East', 'United States', 'Healthcare sector', ""Ipsos' activities"", 'New Zealand', 'Creative Excellence', 'Ipsos UU', 'Ipsos MMA', 'Ipsos Synthesio', 'Mobility Development', 'Customer Experience', 'Mystery Shopping', 'satisfactory performance', 'audience segment', 'Audience Measurement', 'Channel Performance', 'full-year 2025 results', 'preliminary basis', ""Ipsos' position"", ""Ipsos' Board"", 'Continental Europe', 'main region', 'infas acquisitions', 'guidance', 'Launch', 'Paris', 'February', 'world', '22 January', 'appreciation', 'governments', 'level', 'ambitions', 'sustained', 'beginning', 'Germany', 'France', 'Italy', 'expertise', 'PRS', 'VIVO', 'appointment', 'mandate', 'sustainable', 'resignation', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'President', 'presentation', '€ millions', 'EMEA', 'Asia-Pacific', 'integration', 'decline', 'improvement', 'China', 'Australia', 'India', 'depreciation', 'yuan', 'employees2', 'Citizens3', 'Doctor', 'patients4', 'Distribution', 'Innovation', 'Understanding', 'Observer', 'Strategy3', 'Automotive', 'Shopper', 'Capabilities']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
55132,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/24/3243883/0/en/BIC-FULL-YEAR-2025-RESULTS.html,BIC: FULL YEAR 2025 RESULTS,Clichy  France – February 24  2026  FULL YEAR 2025 RESULTS  Challenging year in 2025 with an improved momentum in the second half. Resilient free cash flow...,"Clichy  France – February 24  2026FULL YEAR 2025 RESULTSChallenging year in 2025 with an improved momentum in the second half. Resilient free cash flow generationRenewed governance and executive leadership team to lead BIC’s next phase of growthInitial strategic actions launched in H2 2025 to streamline the portfolioFY net sales of €2 090m  -0.9% at constant currency (-4.7% on a comparative basis1)  in a particularly challenging US environment. Q4 net sales of €495m  +1.1% at constant currency (-2.3% on a comparative basis1) with robust performance of Tangle Teezer as well as strong growth in Brazil and Middle East and Africa.2025 adjusted EBIT of €283m (vs. €343m in 2024)  adjusted EBIT margin of 13.6% reflecting a decline in gross profit margin  partially offset by some cost control.2025 adjusted EPS at €4.74 (vs. €6.15 in 2024).Resilient Free Cash Flow generation at €222m (vs. €271m in 2024)  reflecting disciplined financial management.2026 outlook: in this year of transition  BIC anticipates improving organic2 net sales trends  a slight expansion in adjusted EBIT margin  as well as stable Free Cash Flow.Sustained shareholders return policy:Ordinary dividend of €2.40 per share 3 for fiscal year 2025  to be paid on June 3  2026  representing an estimated amount of €98m and 51% pay-out ratio.for fiscal year 2025  to be paid on June 3  2026  representing an estimated amount of €98m and 51% pay-out ratio. Renewed share buyback program of up to €40m to be executed in 2026.Rob Versloot  CEO  commented :“2025 was a challenging year for BIC  as we faced significant headwinds across several of our key markets. In this environment  we stabilized performance in the second half and delivered results in line with the expectations I set when I joined as CEO.We took decisive actions to streamline our brand portfolio by discontinuing underperforming activities and successfully integrating Tangle Teezer  which posted double-digit growth in its first year within BIC. In addition  a new leadership team is now in place  with the clear objective of improving the business going forward  supported by a renewed Board of Directors.I am fully confident that the strength and power of our brand  our deep distribution network as well as our unique manufacturing capabilities will be instrumental pillars in shaping the future of BIC.Looking ahead  2026 is a transitional year as we are laser-focused on simplifying and transforming the organization to drive sustainable profitable growth and long-term value creation.”Key Group financial figuresin million euros Q4 2024 Q4 2025 FY 2024 FY 2025 Net Sales 517 495 2 197 2 090 Change as reported (1.6) % (4.4) % (2.9) % (4.8) % Change on a comparative basis +2.9% (2.3) % +3.1% (4.7) % Change on a constant currency basis +2.9% +1.1% +3.1% (0.9) % Adjusted EBIT - - 343 283 Adjusted EBIT Margin - - 15.6% 13.6% Adjusted Group EPS - - €6.15 €4.74 Free Cash Flow - - 271 2222026 OutlookIn this year of transition and as BIC’s renewed leadership team prepares its strategic plan  which will be presented later in the year  BIC anticipates  under current assumptions  improving organic4 net sales trends  a slight expansion in adjusted EBIT margin  as well as stable Free Cash Flow.Key financial highlightsin million euros FY 2024 FY 2025 Net Sales 2 197 2 090 Gross Profit 1 103 1 019 Gross Profit margin 50.2% 48.8% EBIT 290 156 EBIT margin 13.2% 7.5% Non-recurring items5 53 127 Adjusted EBIT 343 283 Adjusted EBIT margin 15.6% 13.6%FY 2025 net sales were 2 090 million euros  down 0.9% at constant currency  mainly due to challenging performances in the US and Latin America in Human Expression and Flame for Life. This was partially offset by strong performance of Tangle Teezer  growth in Middle East and Africa and in Blade Excellence in Brazil.FY 2025 gross profit margin was 48.8% versus 50.2% in FY 2024  driven by higher raw material and electricity costs  the negative impact of tariffs and unfavorable currency fluctuations. This was partially offset by favorable price and mix  continued manufacturing efficiencies and the positive contribution of Tangle Teezer.FY 2025 adjusted EBIT margin was 13.6% compared to 15.6% last year  mainly driven by the decline in gross profit margin. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was positively impacted by lower operating expenses  more than offset by negative operating leverage.FY 2025 non-recurring items amounted to 127 million euros (versus 53 million euros in 2024)  mainly due to the disposal of BIC’s Cello activities in India announced in October 2025 and the discontinuation of Skin Creative activities and Rocketbook announced in December 2025. This mainly includes:104 million euros related to the discontinuation of Skin Creative activities and Rocketbook  mainly including goodwill and intangibles impairment  as well as inventory and machinery write-offs. This includes the 19 million euros Rocketbook impairment charge of H1 2025.related to the discontinuation of Skin Creative activities and Rocketbook  mainly including goodwill and intangibles impairment  as well as inventory and machinery write-offs. This includes the 19 million euros Rocketbook impairment charge of H1 2025. 11 million euros related to the negative impact of Cello’s disposal.related to the negative impact of Cello’s disposal. 10 million euros of fair value adjustment on the Power Purchase Agreement signed in 2023 in France and on the Virtual Power Purchase Agreement signed in 2022 in Greece.Net income and earnings per share (EPS)in million euros FY 2024 FY 2025 EBIT 290 156 Finance revenue/costs 8 (17) Income before tax 298 139 Net Income Group share 212 86 Group Earnings per share €5.10 €2.10 Adjusted Net Income Group share 256 195 Adjusted Group Earnings per share €6.15 €4.742025 finance costs were 17 million euros mainly due to the unfavorable impact of the fair value adjustment of financial assets denominated in US dollar in Brazil and Mexico. This also includes the cost of financing related to the Tangle Teezer acquisition debt.2025 effective tax rate was 38.0% vs. 28.8% last year. The increase is mainly driven by:The full impairment of Rocketbook and the Skin Creative activities following their announced discontinuation.The 2024 and 2025 exceptional tax contribution for large companies  as voted under the French government’s budget in February 2025.Excluding these exceptional impacts  the effective tax rate in 2025 was 28.3%.Change in net cash positionin million euros FY 2024 FY 2025 Net Cash position (beginning of period) 385 189 Net cash from operating activities +358 +309 Of which operating cash flow +471 +400 Of which change in working capital +18 +7 Of which others6 (131) (98) Capital expenditures (87) (87) Free Cash Flow (before acquisitions and disposals) 271 222 Dividend payment (178) (127) Share buyback (56) (40) Acquisition of Tangle Teezer (201) - Sale of Cello business in India - +14 Other items (32) (24) Net Cash position (end of period) 189 2342025 Free Cash Flow generation was 222 million euros compared to 271 million euros last year. This decrease is mainly related to lower operating cash flow following softer business performance.At the end of 2025  Net Cash position was 234 million euros  an increase of 45 million euros compared to last year.Shareholders’ remuneration in full year 2025:A total dividend amount of 127 million euros  or €3.08 per share was paid in June 2025.40 million euros in share buybacks were completed by Société BIC. 759 848 shares were purchased at an average price of €52.64 per share.2025 Key MilestonesChanges in BIC’s Board of Directors:Following the decisions from the Shareholder’s meeting on May 20  2025  the Board has: Appointed Edouard Bich as Non-Executive Chair of the Board  replacing Nikos Koumettis. Appointed Esther Gaide as Lead Independent Director  Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Remuneration Committee  replacing Maëlys Castella. Acknowledged the appointment of Marie-Edmée Vallery-Radot   as permanent representative of Société M.B.D. on the Board of Directors  replacing Edouard Bich.In September and December 2025  the Board of Directors co-opted four new Directors: Rob Versloot   BIC’s new CEO  replacing Gonzalve Bich as Director. Albert Baladi   replacing Jake Schwartz as Independent Director. Albert Baladi was also appointed member of the Audit Committee and of the Nominations  Governance and CSR Committee. Geoffroy Bich   replacing Timothée Bich as Director. Karen Guerra   replacing Carole Callebaut Piwnica as Independent Director. Karen Guerra was also appointed Chair of the Remuneration Committee and member of the Nominations  Governance and CSR Committee. The ratification of these co-optations will be proposed at the Shareholder’s meeting on May 20  2026.Renewed leadership team  with new executives having joined over the last 12 months:Rob Versloot   Chief Executive Officer.  Chief Executive Officer. Grégory Lambertie   Chief Financial and Digital Officer.  Chief Financial and Digital Officer. Alexandra Malak   Chief People  Communications and Workplace Officer.  Chief People  Communications and Workplace Officer. Alina Asiminei   Chief Commercial Officer  International.  Chief Commercial Officer  International. Haven Cockerham  Chief Commercial Officer  North America.First strategic actions initiated in the second half of 2025:Sale of BIC’s Cello activities in India.Announced discontinuation of Rocketbook and Skin Creative activities.Operational Trends by DivisionHuman Expressionin million euros Q4 2024 Q4 2025 FY 2024 FY 2025 Net Sales 162 138 814 736 Change as reported (5.4) % (14.7) % (3.8) % (9.6) % Change on a comparative basis (1.1) % (5.8) % +2.9% (5.6) % Change on a constant currency basis (1.1) % (9.3) % +2.9% (6.3) % Adjusted EBIT - - 62 55 Adjusted EBIT Margin - - 7.6% 7.5%Q4 2025 Human Expression net sales were down 9.3% at constant currency. Excluding the negative impact from the sale of Cello in Q4  net sales were down 5.8%.FY 2025 net sales were down 6.3% at constant currency mainly due to poor performances in Latin America and the US  and the negative contribution from discontinued activities  more than offsetting solid growth in Middle East and Africa.In Europe   net sales were slightly down at constant currency following a strong 2024 where BIC’s iconic products such as the 4-Color Olympics had been key contributors to growth. However  in 2025 there was a sequential improvement quarter by quarter driven by double-digit growth in the discounters’ channel with key distribution gains throughout the year  particularly in Germany. In addition  recently launched products such as the 4-Color Smooth or the new highlighter pastel range (BIC BriteLiner Grip) were key contributors to growth.  net sales were slightly down at constant currency following a strong 2024 where BIC’s iconic products such as the 4-Color Olympics had been key contributors to growth. However  in 2025 there was a sequential improvement quarter by quarter driven by double-digit growth in the discounters’ channel with key distribution gains throughout the year  particularly in Germany. In addition  recently launched products such as the 4-Color Smooth or the new highlighter pastel range (BIC BriteLiner Grip) were key contributors to growth. In North America   net sales decreased mid-single digit at constant currency in a tough and volatile trading environment. However  performance improved significantly in the second half of the year  while remaining slightly negative. The stationery market in the US was flat and the ball pen segment  where BIC is the most exposed  declined mid-single digits 7 . Against this backdrop  BIC outperformed the market in other key segments such as mechanical pencils and correction  particularly during the back-to-school period.  net sales decreased mid-single digit at constant currency in a tough and volatile trading environment. However  performance improved significantly in the second half of the year  while remaining slightly negative. The stationery market in the US was flat and the ball pen segment  where BIC is the most exposed  declined mid-single digits . Against this backdrop  BIC outperformed the market in other key segments such as mechanical pencils and correction  particularly during the back-to-school period. In Latin America  net sales decreased significantly at constant currency  driven by declines in both Mexico and Brazil. In Mexico  BIC was impacted by a challenging consumer environment and high competitive intensity in the Modern Mass market channel  particularly from private labels. In Brazil  net sales declined due to strong competition particularly impacting the ball pen and coloring segments. However  net sales performance improved strongly in the second half of the year fueled by growth in value-added segments such as 4-Colors and Gel pens.In Middle East and Africa  net sales grew mid-single digits at constant currency  mainly driven by the Middle East  South Africa  Nigeria and Kenya. Back-to-School season in key regions was solid leading to significant net sales growth in the fourth quarter  supported by disciplined commercial execution and the continued strong performance of iconic products such as the BIC Cristal pen.FY 2025 Human Expression adjusted EBIT margin reached 7.5%  compared to 7.6% last year. This was driven by unfavorable currency fluctuations and higher raw material costs  offset by lower operating and other expenses  and favorable price and mix.Flame for Lifein million euros Q4 2024 Q4 2025 FY 2024 FY 2025 Net Sales 216 194 810 723 Change as reported (0.5) % (10.4) % (4.9) % (10.8) % Change on a comparative basis +3.0% (5.2) % (0.9) % (6.7) % Change on a constant currency basis +3.0% (5.2) % (0.9) % (6.7) % Adjusted EBIT - - 269 216 Adjusted EBIT Margin - - 33.3% 29.9%Q4 2025 Flame for Life net sales were down 5.2% at constant currency.FY 2025 net sales were down 6.7% at constant currency  negatively impacted by weak performance in North and Latin America.In Europe   net sales were slightly down with soft performances in several countries such as Italy and Germany. However  overall growth in the region was driven by further distribution gains in the discounters channel and strong performance mainly in France  Spain and Romania. Additionally  performance was solid in the utility lighter segment  supported by the successful launch of the BIC EZ Load refillable utility lighter in several countries.  net sales were slightly down with soft performances in several countries such as Italy and Germany. However  overall growth in the region was driven by further distribution gains in the discounters channel and strong performance mainly in France  Spain and Romania. Additionally  performance was solid in the utility lighter segment  supported by the successful launch of the BIC EZ Load refillable utility lighter in several countries. In North America   net sales were down significantly particularly in the first half of the year  impacted by a deteriorating trading environment in the US and lower consumption trends. The US pocket lighter market was down 3.7% in value in 2025 8   with a sequential improvement throughout the year and BIC managed to maintain its market share. Additionally  in a difficult consumer market  the decline in the utility lighter market accelerated in Q4 with a 4.7% decrease in value 9 .  net sales were down significantly particularly in the first half of the year  impacted by a deteriorating trading environment in the US and lower consumption trends. The US pocket lighter market was down 3.7% in value in 2025   with a sequential improvement throughout the year and BIC managed to maintain its market share. Additionally  in a difficult consumer market  the decline in the utility lighter market accelerated in Q4 with a 4.7% decrease in value . In Latin America   net sales declined due to the poor performance in Mexico resulting from tough market conditions in the traditional channel where BIC faced intense competition. In Brazil  net sales also declined due to competitive intensity and the overall lighter market slowdown in 2025. However  performance improved in Q4 and BIC strongly outperformed the utility lighters segment.  net sales declined due to the poor performance resulting from tough market conditions in the traditional channel where BIC faced intense competition. net sales also declined due to competitive intensity and the overall lighter market slowdown in 2025. However  performance improved in Q4 and BIC strongly outperformed the utility lighters segment. In Middle East and Africa  net sales performance was robust  mainly driven by volume growth supported by strong commercial execution in Nigeria  as well as distribution gains in Morocco.FY 2025 Flame for Life adjusted EBIT margin was 29.9%  compared to 33.3% in 2024. This was mainly due to the negative impact of tariffs in H2 and the net sales decline.Blade Excellencein million euros Q4 2024 Q4 2025 FY 2024 FY 2025 Net Sales 130 154 543 602 Change as reported +0.6% +18.1% +1.2% +10.8% Change on a comparative basis +7.9% +6.4% +9.7% (0.8) % Change on a constant currency basis +7.9% +24.8% +9.7% +15.7% Adjusted EBIT - - 101 96 Adjusted EBIT Margin - - 18.5% 15.9%Q4 2025 Blade Excellence net sales were up 24.8% at constant currency. Excluding Tangle Teezer  net sales were up 6.4%.FY 2025 net sales were up 15.7% at constant currency mainly driven by Tangle Teezer. Excluding Tangle Teezer  net sales were slightly down by 0.8%.In Europe   net sales at constant currency increased significantly driven by Tangle Teezer’s sustained growth. Excluding Tangle Teezer  net sales decreased slightly as a result of softer performance in key countries such as Italy  Greece and Poland which more than offset distribution gains in Eastern Europe. However  key contributors to growth included recent innovations such as BIC Hybrid Flex 5  BIC Refillable Click 3 Soleil and BIC Soleil Escape shavers.  net sales at constant currency increased significantly driven by Tangle Teezer’s sustained growth. Excluding Tangle Teezer  net sales decreased slightly as a result of softer performance in key countries such as Italy  Greece and Poland which more than offset distribution gains in Eastern Europe. However  key contributors to growth included recent innovations such as BIC Hybrid Flex 5  BIC Refillable Click 3 Soleil and BIC Soleil Escape shavers. In North America   net sales increased double digits at constant currency driven by Tangle Teezer which delivered solid growth in 2025. Excluding Tangle Teezer  net sales were down mid-single digits  mainly due to challenging market trends in the US and high competitive intensity. In 2025  the US disposable shaver market declined 4.4% in value 10 . However  BIC’s premium shavers such as the BIC Flex 5 and the recently launched BIC Soleil Glide performed well  supported by successful advertising campaigns.  net sales increased double digits at constant currency driven by Tangle Teezer which delivered solid growth in 2025. Excluding Tangle Teezer  net sales were down mid-single digits  mainly due to challenging market trends in the US and high competitive intensity. In 2025  the US disposable shaver market declined 4.4% in value . However  BIC’s premium shavers such as the BIC Flex 5 and the recently launched BIC Soleil Glide performed well  supported by successful advertising campaigns. In Latin America   net sales increased mid-single digits at constant currency. In Brazil  BIC continued to expand its distribution through the success of its trade-up strategy towards the triple-blade segment. The BIC Flex and the Soleil family ranges were key growth contributors  boosted by impactful media campaigns. In Mexico  in a highly competitive landscape  net sales increased slightly with growth mainly coming from value-added products in the Modern Trade Channel  such as BIC Comfort 3 and BIC Flex 3 Refillable.  net sales increased mid-single digits at constant currency. BIC continued to expand its distribution through the success of its trade-up strategy towards the triple-blade segment. The BIC Flex and the Soleil family ranges were key growth contributors  boosted by impactful media campaigns. in a highly competitive landscape  net sales increased slightly with growth mainly coming from value-added products in the Modern Trade Channel  such as BIC Comfort 3 and BIC Flex 3 Refillable. In Middle East and Africa   net sales were slightly up at constant currency with a particularly strong performance in Q4  fueled by volume growth and solid commercial execution across key markets including Morrocco  Nigeria and the Middle East.  net sales were slightly up at constant currency with a particularly strong performance in Q4  fueled by volume growth and solid commercial execution across key markets including Morrocco  Nigeria and the Middle East. Tangle Teezer delivered outstanding results in 2025  contributing 4.1 points to the Group’s net sales performance. Net sales grew double-digit across all key geographies and channels  driven by the ongoing success of The Ultimate Detangler and Mini Ultimate ranges. In 2025  Tangle Teezer outperformed the hairbrush category in its main markets  consolidating its leadership position in the UK and becoming the number 3 player in the US11.FY 2025 Blade Excellence adjusted EBIT margin was 15.9%  compared to 18.5% last year  mainly due to higher electricity and raw material costs  as well as the impact of US tariffs. This was partially offset by favorable price and mix.AppendixNet sales by geography (in million euros)2024 2025 % as reported % on a comparative basis % at constant currency Q4 Group 517 495 (4.4) % (2.3) % +1.1% Europe 150 158 +5.7% (2.4) % +6.5% North America 196 180 (8.1) % (5.2) % +0.3% Latin America 107 95 (11.5) % (4.4) % (4.5) % Middle East and Africa 36 44 +20.4% +25.0% +25.0% Asia and Oceania 27 17 (37.7) % (12.1) % (31.3) % FY Group 2 197 2 090 (4.8) % (4.7) % (0.9) % Europe 698 736 +5.5% (1.6) % +6.0% North America 819 750 (8.4) % (8.7) % (4.2) % Latin America 425 365 (14.0) % (4.4) % (4.4) % Middle East and Africa 162 166 +2.0% +3.9% +3.9% Asia and Oceania 93 73 (21.3) % (10.0) % (15.8) %Net sales by division (in million euros)2024 2025 % as reported FX impact Perimeter impact12 % on a comparative basis Q4 Group 517 495 (4.4) % (5.5) % +3.4% (2.3) % Human Expression 162 138 (14.7) % (5.4) % (3.5) % (5.8) % Flame for Life 216 194 (10.4) % (5.2) % +0.0% (5.2) % Blade Excellence 130 154 +18.1% (6.7) % +18.4% +6.4% Other products 9 9 (0.7) % +0.0% +0.0% (0.7) % FY Group 2 197 2 090 (4.8) % (3.9) % +3.8% (4.7) % Human Expression 814 736 (9.6) % (3.3) % (0.7) % (5.6) % Flame for Life 810 723 (10.8) % (4.1) % +0.0% (6.7) % Blade Excellence 543 602 +10.8% (4.9) % +16.5% (0.8) % Other products 30 30 +1.3% +0.0% +0.0% +1.3%Impact of change in perimeter and currency fluctuations on net salesin % Q4 2024 Q4 2025 FY 2024 FY 2025 Perimeter +0.0 +3.4 +0.0 +3.8 Currencies (2.5) (5.5) (2.2) (3.9) of which USD +0.4 (3.2) +0.0 (1.5) of which BRL (1.6) (0.1) (0.7) (0.7) of which MXN (0.7) +0.2 (0.2) (0.4) of which ARS (2.1) (1.3) (3.8) (0.6) of which CAD (0.0) (0.2) (0.0) (0.2) of which NGN (0.6) +0.1 (0.8) (0.1) of which TRY (0.2) (0.3) (0.5) (0.2) of which RUB and UAH (0.2) +0.3 (0.2) +0.1EBIT and adjusted EBIT by divisionEBIT Adjusted EBIT in million euros FY 2024 FY 2025 FY 2024 FY 2025 Group 290 156 343 283 Margin 13.2% 7.5% 15.6% 13.6% Human Expression 34 (62) 62 55 Margin 4.1% (8.4) % 7.6% 7.5% Flame for Life 263 218 269 216 Margin 32.4% 30.2% 33.3% 29.9% Blade Excellence 83 84 101 96 Margin 15.2% 13.9% 18.5% 15.9% Other Products (4) (5) (4) (5) Unallocated costs (85) (79) (85) (79)Condensed Profit & Loss Statementin million euros FY 2024 FY 2025 Net Sales 2 197 2 090 Cost of goods 1 094 1 071 Gross profit 1 103 1 019 Operating and other expenses 813 863 EBIT 290 156 Finance revenue/costs 8 (17) Income before tax 298 139 Income tax expense (86) (53) Net Income Group Share 212 86 Group Earnings per Share (in euros) 5.10 2.10 Average number of shares outstanding (net of treasury shares) 41 561 522 41 111 812Balance Sheet13in million euros December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Assets Property  plant & equipment 610 590 Investment properties 1 0 Goodwill and intangible assets 558 423 Other non-current assets 160 152 Non-current assets 1 329 1 165 Inventories 539 478 Trade and other receivables 456 422 Other current assets 52 69 Other current financial assets and derivative instruments 6 18 Cash and cash equivalents 456 461 Current assets 1 510 1 448 Total Assets 2 839 2 613 Liabilities & Shareholders' Equity Shareholders' equity 1 793 1 665 Non-current borrowings 168 154 Other non-current liabilities 192 196 Non-current liabilities 360 350 Trade and other payables 173 153 Current borrowings and financial debt 167 164 Other current liabilities 346 281 Current liabilities 686 598 Total Liabilities & Shareholders' Equity 2 839 2 613Working Capital and Cash Flow StatementWorking Capital (in million euros) FY 2024 FY 2025 Total Working Capital14 553 509 Of which inventories 539 478 Of which trade and other receivables 456 422 Of which trade and other payables (173) (153)Cash Flow Statement (in million euros) FY 2024 FY 2025 Group Net income 212 86 Amortization and provisions 132 119 Other non cash transactions 127 195 Cash Flow from operations 471 400 (Increase)/decrease in net current working capital 18 7 Others (131) (98) Net cash from operating activities (A) 358 309 Capital expenditures (87) (87) Purchase of Tangle Teezer (201) 0 Cello disposal - 14 Others 5 13 Net cash from investing activities (B) (284) (60) Dividends paid (178) (127) Borrowings/(Repayments)/(Loans) 178 (32) Share buyback program (56) (40) Others net cash from investing activities (17) (24) Net cash from financing activities (C) (73) (223) Net Free Cash Flow net of bank overdrafts (A+B+C) 1 26 Opening cash and cash equivalents net of bank overdrafts 468 456 Net Free Cash Flow net of bank overdrafts (A+B+C) 1 26 Foreign exchange difference (12) (21) Closing cash and cash equivalents net of bank overdrafts 456 461Reconciliation with Alternative Performance MeasuresAdjusted EBIT Reconciliation (in million euros) FY 2024 FY 2025 EBIT 290 156 Special team member bonus15 +8 - Tangle Teezer acquisition costs +4 - H1 Tangle Teezer inventory fair value adjustment - +6 Restructuring expenses +6 - Virtual Power Purchase Agreement in Greece and Power Purchase Agreement in France16 +16 +10 Djeep earnout17 - (4) Cello divestiture - +11 2024 Inkbox impairment +20 - Discontinuation of Skin Creative activities and Rocketbook18 - +104 Adjusted EBIT 343 283Adjusted EPS Reconciliation (in euros) FY 2024 FY 2025 Group EPS 5.10 2.10 Argentina hyperinflationary accounting (IAS29) (0.04) - Special team member bonus15 +0.14 - Tangle Teezer acquisition costs +0.08 - H1 Tangle Teezer inventory fair value adjustment - +0.10 Restructuring expenses +0.10 - Virtual Power Purchase Agreement in Greece and Power Purchase Agreement in France16 +0.29 +0.18 Djeep earnout17 - (0.09) Cello divestiture - +0.10 2024 Inkbox impairment +0.48 - Discontinuation of Skin Creative activities and Rocketbook - +2.35 Adjusted Group EPS 6.15 4.74Net cash position reconciliation (in million euros) December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Cash and cash equivalents (1)19 +459 +469 Current borrowings (2) (150) (145) Non-current borrowings (3) (120) (90) Net Cash Position (1) - (2) – (3) 189 234Share Buyback ProgramSociété BICNumber of shares acquiredAverage weighted price (in €)Amount(in €m)January 2025 - - - February 2025 28 126 59.90 1.7 March 2025 85 046 62.17 5.3 April 2025 97 649 59.73 5.8 May 2025 - - - June 2025 - - - July 2025 - - - August 2025 44 012 54.34 2.4 September 2025 103 290 53.30 5.5 October 2025 53 527 49.73 2.7 November 2025 348 198 47.78 16.6 December 2025 - - - Total 759 848 52.64 40.0Capital and voting rightsAs of December 31  2025  the total number of issued shares of Société BIC is 40 861 314 shares  representing:57 596 814 voting rights57 417 040 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsTotal number of treasury shares held at the end of December 2025: 179 774.GlossaryAdjusted: Adjusted means excluding non-recurring items. Constant currency basis: Change at constant currency figures are calculated by translating the current year figures at prior year average exchange rates. Comparative basis (organic growth): Change at constant currency and constant perimeter.Adjusted means excluding non-recurring items. EBIT: Earnings Before Interest and Taxes.Earnings Before Interest and Taxes. Adjusted EBIT margin: Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of Net Sales.Adjusted EBIT as a percentage of Net Sales. EPS: Earnings per share.Earnings per share. Free Cash Flow: Operating cash flow less change in working capital & others less capital expenditures.Operating cash flow less change in working capital & others less capital expenditures. Net cash position: Cash and cash equivalents + Other current financial assets - Current borrowings - Non-current borrowings (excluding financial liabilities as per IFRS 16 definition).Société BIC consolidated financial statements as of December 31  2025  were approved by the Board of Directors on February 24  2026. A presentation related to this announcement is also available on the BIC website (www.bic.com). The Group's Statutory Auditors have largely completed their audit procedures on these consolidated financial statements and the audit report relating to the certification of these financial statements will be issued upon completion of the procedures required for the filing of the Universal Registration Document. This document contains forward-looking statements. Although BIC believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties. A description of the risks borne by BIC appears in the section ""Risk Factors and Management"" in BIC's 2024 Universal Registration Document (URD) filed with the French financial markets authority (AMF) on March 27  2025.Webcast and conference callRob Versloot  Chief Executive Officer  and Grégory Lambertie  Chief Financial and Digital Officer  will present BIC's Full Year 2025 results during a webcast and a conference call on February 25  2026  at 8:30 AM CET:To participate in the webcast  join via the following link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/ymy7jmt7To participate in the conference call  dial in by phone using the numbers available at the following link: https://register-conf.media-server.com/register/BI1c64c60b57974231bbfbd45049686f3bContactsBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 6 42 87 54 73brice.paris@bicworld.comInvestor Relationsinvestors.info@bicworld.comBethridge ToovellVP Global Communications+1 917 821 4249bethridge.toovell@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAgendaAll dates to be confirmedFirst Quarter 2026 Net Sales April 28  2026 Annual General Meeting May 20  2026 First Half 2026 Results July 29  2026 Third Quarter 2026 Net Sales October 28  2026About BICA global leader in stationery  lighters  and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday life. For 80 years  BIC’s commitment to delivering high-quality  affordable  and trusted products has established BIC as a symbol of reliability and innovation. With a presence in over 160 countries  and over 11 000 team members worldwide  BIC’s portfolio includes iconic brands and products such as BIC® 4-Color™  Cristal®  BIC Kids®  Lucky™  Tipp-Ex®  Wite-Out®  Djeep®  EZ Load™  EZ Reach®  BIC® Flex™  Soleil®  Tangle Teezer® and more. Listed on Euronext Paris and included in the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  BIC is also recognized for its steadfast commitments to sustainability and education. For more  visit www.corporate.bic.com and to see BIC’s full range of products visit www.bic.com . Follow BIC on LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube and TikTok .1 Organic growth - excluding perimeter impacts from the acquisition of Tangle Teezer in Q4 2024 and the sale of Cello in Q4 20252 Change on a comparative basis3 Subject to the May 2026 AGM approval – based on 40 861 314 shares as of December 31  2025 excluding treasury shares4 Change on a comparative basis5 See appendix for detail of non-recurring items on page 136 Others include mainly income tax paid for 90 million euros7 Circana data in value: Year-to-date December 20258 Circana data in value: Year-to-date December 2025. Estimated total lighter measured market (c.70% total market coverage)9 Circana data in value: period from September to December 2025. Estimated total lighter measured market (c.70% total market coverage)10 Circana data in value: Year-to-date December 2025.11 Market share in value. Source: Nielsen (UK) and Circana (US)12 Including the acquisition of Tangle Teezer in December 2024 and the sale of BIC’s Cello activities in India in Q4 2025.13 2024 Balance sheet restated following the final purchase price allocation of Tangle Teezer  as well as reclassification of uncertain tax position from deferred tax liabilities to non‑current tax liabilities.14 2024 figure (€556m) restated following the final purchase price allocation of Tangle Teezer15 Special bonus paid in 2024 to employees who have not been granted shares under the regular long term incentive plans16 BIC signed a Virtual Power Purchase Agreement in November 2022 in Greece and a Physical Power Purchasing Agreement in November 2023 in France  as part of its sustainability strategy17 Earn out provision reversal18 Including 98 million euros of goodwill/intangibles impairment as well as inventory and machineries write-offs19 Including other current financial assets (8 million euros for 2025 and 3 million euros for 2024)Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.26,0.3,True,English,"['FULL YEAR 2025 RESULTS', 'BIC', 'Resilient free cash flow generation', 'stable Free Cash Flow', '19 million euros Rocketbook impairment charge', 'Sustained shareholders return policy', 'FULL YEAR 2025 RESULTS Challenging year', 'organic2 net sales trends', 'organic4 net sales trends', 'Key Group financial figures', 'FY 2025 gross profit margin', 'disciplined financial management', 'Key financial highlights', 'deep distribution network', 'long-term value creation', 'higher raw material', 'lower operating expenses', 'Skin Creative activities', 'unique manufacturing capabilities', '1,019 Gross Profit margin', 'negative operating leverage', 'unfavorable currency fluctuations', 'Q4 net sales', 'executive leadership team', 'new leadership team', 'FY net sales', 'FY 2025 net sales', 'Adjusted Group EPS', 'Initial strategic actions', 'share buyback program', 'million euros Q4', 'million euros FY', 'sustainable profitable growth', 'FY 2025 non-recurring items', 'challenging US environment', '283 Adjusted EBIT Margin', 'constant currency basis', '127 million euros', '53 million euros', '104 million euros', 'intangibles impairment', 'key markets', 'challenging performances', 'underperforming activities', 'FY 2024 FY', 'Cello activities', 'decisive actions', 'strategic plan', 'Non-recurring items5', 'negative impact', 'manufacturing efficiencies', '156 EBIT margin', 'fiscal year', 'first year', 'transitional year', 'comparative basis', 'second half', 'Renewed governance', 'next phase', 'Tangle Teezer', 'Middle East', 'cost control', 'slight expansion', 'Ordinary dividend', '51% pay-out ratio', 'Rob Versloot', 'significant headwinds', 'clear objective', 'instrumental pillars', 'current assumptions', 'Latin America', 'Human Expression', 'Blade Excellence', 'electricity costs', 'favorable price', 'positive contribution', 'machinery write-offs', 'strong growth', 'double-digit growth', 'robust performance', 'strong performance', 'brand portfolio', 'Clichy', 'France', 'February', 'momentum', 'BIC', 'H2', 'Brazil', 'Africa', 'decline', '2026 outlook', 'June', 'amount', 'CEO', 'expectations', 'addition', 'place', 'business', 'Board', 'Directors', 'strength', 'power', 'future', 'organization', '090 Change', 'Flame', 'Life', 'tariffs', 'mix', 'disposal', 'India', 'October', 'discontinuation', 'December', 'goodwill', 'inventory', 'H1', '50.']",2026-02-24,2026-02-25,globenewswire.com
