UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
56410,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,http://opiniojuris.org/2026/05/29/symposium-on-advancing-effective-and-comprehensive-reparation-for-victims-of-the-war-in-ukraine-asset-recovery-for-ukraine-the-long-road/,Symposium on Advancing Effective and Comprehensive Reparation for Victims of the War in Ukraine: Asset Recovery for Ukraine – The Long Road,[Natalia Kubesch is a Legal Advisor at REDRESS  focussing on asset recovery and the repurposing of assets frozen under Magnitsky Sanctions for the purpose of human rights reparations  and leading REDRESS’ universal jurisdiction work. Prior to this  Natalia pr…,29.05.26 |[Natalia Kubesch is a Legal Advisor at REDRESS  focussing on asset recovery and the repurposing of assets frozen under Magnitsky Sanctions for the purpose of human rights reparations  and leading REDRESS’ universal jurisdiction work. Prior to this  Natalia practiced at two large international law firms in London  working on complex financial crime investigations and litigations  and advised on compliance with international sanction regimes.Lyra Nightingale is a Senior Legal Advisor at REDRESS  leading REDRESS’ Financial Accountability team. Lyra has over 12 years’ experience as a litigator  having previously practiced at a large international law firm. She has extensive experience of conducting strategic litigation in the UK Senior Courts  in particular with regards to public law and human rights and working with survivors of sexual violence. ]From Aspiration to Realisation of the Right to ReparationWhen REDRESS launched its financial accountability project in 2020  asset recovery occupied a marginal place in human rights discourse. Discussions about the seizure and repurposing of illicit wealth seemed more at home in the worlds of anti-corruption and financial crime than in debates about accountability and reparation for international crimes.Few anticipated how quickly that would change. Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 marked a decisive turning point. Within weeks  governments across the UK  US  Canada and EU imposed sweeping sanctions on Russian individuals  companies and State entities  freezing hundreds of billions of dollars in assets. Long-suspected realities came abruptly into focus: London and other Western financial centres had served as repositories for vast quantities of wealth allegedly tied to the Russian State and political elite.As Ukraine’s devastation mounted  so too did calls to ensure that this frozen wealth would not remain idle. Asset recovery moved rapidly from a specialised niche to a central policy question. Could frozen Russian assets lawfully be seized and repurposed to support Ukraine’s recovery and provide reparations to victims of Russia’s aggression? The question not only engages policy choices but also legal obligations. Under international law  victims of serious human rights violations have a right to reparations owed by the responsible State.This piece traces the ambitions behind efforts to repurpose frozen Russian assets  the legal and political obstacles they have encountered  and the incremental workarounds now emerging. It argues that while no comprehensive legal solution yet exists to enable the large-scale confiscation and repurposing of Russian frozen assets for reparations  the debate has evolved in important ways. By relying on innovative strategies that seek to accommodate foundational principles such as sovereign immunity and property rights protections  the role asset recovery can play within accountability and reparation frameworks is gradually broadening.The Post-2022 Ambition: Seizing Frozen Assets to Support UkraineIn the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine  sanctions imposed by the G7 and allied States froze an estimated EUR 300 billion in Russian Central Bank sovereign assets  alongside at least US$58 billion in private assets linked to Russian individuals and companies. These sums represent a significant share of Ukraine’s estimated recovery needs  put at US$588 billion over the next ten years as of February 2026.Against this backdrop  leaders in the US  Canada  the UK and the EU openly argued that asset freezes did not go far enough. Many contended that frozen assets should ultimately be confiscated and redirected to address the harm caused by Russia. Some States went further  introducing legislation designed to create novel pathways to seize frozen assets and channel their proceeds to Ukraine.In June 2022  Canada  for instance  amended its sanctions legislation to allow for the forfeiture of frozen assets linked to grave breaches of international security  gross and systematic human rights violations or significant corruption  with proceeds earmarked to compensate victims or support the reconstruction of affected States. Estonia followed in May 2024  introducing a law that empowers its Ministry of Foreign Affairs to confiscate assets of sanctioned persons and redirect the proceeds as “advanced compensation” for damage caused by violations of Article 2(4) of the UN Charter. In the US  the REPO Act of April 2024  opened the door to confiscation of Russian sovereign assets for a dedicated Ukraine Support Fund.Alongside legislative proposals  attention also turned to courts. Some argued that judgments against Russia  whether from Ukrainian courts or the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR)  could be enforced against Russian assets held abroad. To illustrate the scale of potential claims  by mid-2025  the ECtHR alone had reportedly registered around 9 500 individual applications  in addition to interstate cases  arising from Russia’s actions in Crimea and the Sea of Azov  and its full-scale invasion of Ukraine.Yet despite this activity  none of these avenues have so far delivered what many initially envisioned: the actual transfer of frozen Russian assets into recovery or reparation mechanisms for Ukraine. Canada’s experience reinforces this point. Although proceedings were initiated to seize around U.S. $26 million linked to Granite Capital Holdings Ltd and an Antonov 124 cargo airplane  several years on  no assets have been forfeited or transferred to Ukraine.Why Confiscation Has StalledThe gap between political ambition and tangible outcomes reflects two persistent legal obstacles.Private assets and the rule of law: Where frozen assets belong to private individuals or entities  permanent confiscation without a prior conviction  or judicial finding linking those assets to criminal conduct  raises serious concerns around due process and property rights. In the UK  the Shvidler case exposed the limited degree of judicial scrutiny applied to sanctions designations. Given that seizure goes one step further  it is doubtful whether executive decisions could  or indeed should  ever lawfully serve as a basis for permanent seizure.Even where a lawful basis for permanent seizure exists  confiscation is not guaranteed. In practice  stark resource imbalances between overstretched and under resourced State departments on the one hand and those with immense wealth and access to resources on the other can produce a pronounced “David and Goliath” dynamic  generating protracted and costly litigation.Sovereign assets and immunity: For Russian State assets  sovereign immunity remains the central obstacle. While sanctions law permits States to freeze or immobilise foreign sovereign property  international law has long protected such assets from confiscation and enforcement in foreign courts.Some scholars argue that Russia’s aggression could justify derogations from immunity  particularly through the doctrine of third-party countermeasures. But governments and courts in jurisdictions holding most Russian sovereign reserves have so far shown little appetite for testing this theory.Taken together  these constraints make clear that the conditions required to confiscate and repurpose frozen assets as reparation  at scale and with speed  are not yet in place. This picture is not static  however. In response to these barriers  States have begun to pursue a series of incremental and often ad hoc measures that  while stopping short of outright confiscation  are gradually expanding the space for asset recovery to contribute to reparative outcomes.Incremental Strategies: Repurposing Without Outright ConfiscationIn the absence of a comprehensive pathway for permanent seizure of frozen assets  States have turned to indirect approaches that rely on limited forms of asset recovery.One strand of this emerging practice relies on domestic frameworks permitting confiscation where assets constitute the proceeds of crime. Rather than seizing assets solely by virtue of sanctions designations  governments have targeted frozen assets traceable to unlawful conduct  especially sanctions evasion – for example  assets moved or concealed in anticipation of imminent sanctions. This approach rests on firmer legal ground and has been upheld by the ECtHR as compatible with property and fair trial rights under the European Convention on Human Rights.The US has moved furthest along this path. Under the 2023 Consolidated Appropriations Act  the US Attorney General may transfer proceeds from private assets seized from sanctioned Russian oligarchs  or used in sanctions violations  to the Secretary of State for use in Ukraine. This authority was exercised in May 2023  when Attorney General Garland approved the transfer of US$5.4 million seized from accounts linked to sanctioned Russian oligarch Konstantin Malofeyev to support war veterans in Ukraine  marking the first instance of frozen Russian assets being channelled to victims of the conflict.The UK has taken smaller steps. In July 2024  the National Crime Agency recovered £783 827 under the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002  believed to have been held for the benefit of Petr Aven  bringing to close an investigation into alleged sanctions breaches. While the recovery itself is notable  the redirection of these funds remains dependent on political will and cross-departmental collaboration. Nearly two years on  the funds have yet to be diverted to Ukraine  highlighting the absence of a clear mechanism under English law to allocate recovered assets for reparative purposes.At the EU level  Directive (EU) 2024/1260 on Asset Recovery and Confiscation points towards a potential model. Article 19 encourages Member States to allow assets confiscated following a judicial process  including those linked to sanctions evasion  to be used for public interest purposes. A newly introduced sub-paragraph  absent from the 2014 predecessor directive  identifies contributing to mechanisms to support third countries affected by wars of aggression as one of such purposes – a clear reference to the emerging international reparations architecture for Ukraine  including the Register of Damage and the expected Claims Commission.By introducing this provision  the Directive aligns confiscation more closely with victims’ rights to reparation  recognising that sanctions violations may generate harm with a sufficient nexus to justify the use of recovered assets for reparation  even where that harm falls outside the strict parameters of the underlying offence. In doing so  it addresses arguments the authors have encountered in their engagement with stakeholders  who resist repurposing sanctions violation proceeds to support Ukraine on the grounds of insufficient causal connection.Windfall Profits and Sovereign ReservesWith respect to Russian sovereign assets  policymakers have pursued a different path: targeting the income generated while those assets remain frozen. This approach has been developed most fully at the EU level in relation to Russian central bank reserves immobilised at Euroclear  the Belgium-based central securities depository holding a significant share of Russia’s foreign exchanges. Since 2022  the reinvestment of these assets  combined with high interest rates  has generated substantial windfall profits  which the EU has sought to mobilise to support Ukraine.Some critics  including the Central Bank of Russia  have challenged whether separating principal from profits can be sustained under international law  characterising it as an indirect circumvention of sovereign immunity. The EU has responded by arguing that the profits do not legally belong to Russia under the relevant deposit contracts. To meet Ukraine’s urgent financing needs  EU Member States agreed to front-load support through a loan  initially financed by Member States and subsequently repaid from future windfall profits.In December 2025  the European Commission went further  proposing an EU Reparations Loan backed by cash balances associated with Russian foreign exchange reserves held within EU financial institutions. Unlike earlier schemes  this proposal would have effectively leveraged sovereign assets themselves as collateral  with repayment contingent on Russia providing war reparations to Ukraine. The initiative ultimately stalled  largely due to concerns by Belgium over the allocation of litigation risk  given its exposure as host state of Euroclear. Instead  24 Member States agreed to finance the Ukraine Support Loan through jointly issued EU debt.Notably  the Ukraine Support Loan framework allows Ukraine to use budgetary support to finance compensation for individual victims. This inclusion followed sustained advocacy by survivor groups and civil society during the negotiations for the EU Reparations Loan  who argued that allocating even a modest share of any loan backed by Russian asset – as little as 2% – towards reparations could have a transformative impact.This marks an important precedent: the explicit integration of victim compensation within an EU-led financing structure for Ukraine. However  it remains unclear whether participating States will ultimately agree to allocate a share of funding specifically for victim reparation  and  if so  at what percentage.ConclusionIncremental legal and policy efforts to leverage frozen Russian assets for use in Ukraine remain plainly insufficient when measured against the scale and harm suffered in Ukraine. They also reveal a persistent disconnect: while military and economic support dominate policy debates  demands for survivor-centred reparation struggle for visibility and commitment.Yet survivors themselves emphasise why this matters: channelling assets linked to the Russian State or Russian individuals towards reparation is not only about resources. For many  it is also a way of “making Russia pay” for the harm inflicted and re-centring victims’ voices within accountability processes.Fragmented  incomplete and ad hoc though they are  ongoing efforts to access even limited portions of frozen Russian wealth to support Ukraine mark a meaningful shift. Through utilising proceeds-of-crime regimes or windfall profits   States are beginning to rethink how asset recovery  accountability and reparations intersect while still giving due regard to the rule of law. These early precedents are already shaping advocacy beyond Ukraine  including in contexts such as Myanmar and Syria.The optimism of 2022 underestimated the legal and political resistance involved in recovering frozen assets for reparations. But progress has nevertheless been made. The challenge is now whether States will build on these steps or allow momentum to stall just as credible pathways for supporting victims from frozen assets are beginning to emerge.Photo attribution: by Wolfgang Hasselmann on Unsplash,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,negative,0.0,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['The Long Road', 'Comprehensive Reparation', 'Asset Recovery', 'Symposium', 'Advancing', 'Effective', 'Victims', 'War', 'Ukraine', 'two large international law firms', 'Russian Central Bank sovereign assets', 'other Western financial centres', 'complex financial crime investigations', 'REDRESS’ universal jurisdiction work', 'dedicated Ukraine Support Fund', 'serious human rights violations', 'systematic human rights violations', 'REDRESS’ Financial Accountability team', 'international sanction regimes', 'human rights discourse', 'decisive turning point', 'property rights protections', 'The Post-2022 Ambition', 'financial accountability project', 'central policy question', 'next ten years', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'comprehensive legal solution', 'Senior Legal Advisor', 'human rights reparations', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian frozen assets', 'UK Senior Courts', 'sovereign immunity', 'international crimes', 'international security', 'public law', 'Russian individuals', 'Russian State', '12 years’ experience', 'policy choices', 'private assets', 'legal obligations', 'extensive experience', 'strategic litigation', 'sexual violence', 'marginal place', 'State entities', 'vast quantities', 'political elite', 'specialised niche', 'responsible State', 'political obstacles', 'incremental workarounds', 'important ways', 'innovative strategies', 'foundational principles', 'significant share', 'asset freezes', 'novel pathways', 'grave breaches', 'significant corruption', 'Foreign Affairs', 'advanced compensation', 'UN Charter', 'REPO Act', 'legislative proposals', 'Ukrainian courts', 'European Court', 'potential claims', '9,500 individual applications', 'interstate cases', 'asset recovery', 'recovery needs', 'Magnitsky Sanctions', 'sweeping sanctions', 'full-scale invasion', 'allied States', 'affected States', 'Natalia Kubesch', 'Lyra Nightingale', 'large-scale confiscation', 'illicit wealth', 'reparation frameworks', 'sanctions legislation', 'repurposing', 'purpose', 'London', 'litigations', 'compliance', 'leading', 'litigator', 'regards', 'survivors', 'Aspiration', 'Realisation', 'Discussions', 'seizure', 'home', 'worlds', 'anti-corruption', 'debates', 'February', 'weeks', 'governments', 'Canada', 'companies', 'hundreds', 'billions', 'dollars', 'Long-suspected', 'realities', 'focus', 'repositories', 'devastation', 'calls', 'victims', 'aggression', 'piece', 'ambitions', 'efforts', 'role', 'wake', 'G7', 'sums', 'backdrop', 'leaders', 'harm', 'proceeds', 'June', 'instance', 'forfeiture', 'gross', 'reconstruction', 'Estonia', 'May', 'Ministry', 'persons', 'damage', 'Article', 'April', 'door', 'attention', 'judgments', 'ECtHR', 'mid-20', 'addition', 'actions', 'Crimea', 'Sea', 'Azov']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,opiniojuris.org
56411,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303828/0/en/Canborsa-Launches-Beta-of-the-First-Perpetual-RWA-DEX-on-Canton-Network.html,Canborsa Launches Beta of the First Perpetual RWA DEX on Canton Network,Non-custodial trading platform brings tokenized stocks  gold  oil  and crypto perpetuals onchain with up to 20x leverage Non-custodial trading platform brings tokenized stocks  gold  oil  and crypto perpetuals onchain with up to 20x leverage,"Dubai  UAE  May 29  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Canborsa  the first perpetual decentralized exchange for real-world assets built on Canton Network  today announced the beta launch of its trading platform. Starting today  users can access a self-custodial wallet  onchain swaps  and perpetual trading on tokenized real-world assets and crypto — without intermediaries  KYC requirements  or market hour restrictions.Bringing Real-World Assets to Onchain TradingTraditional financial markets keep real-world assets locked behind brokerage accounts  compliance gates  and limited trading hours. Canborsa is built to remove those barriers. The platform gives users direct access to tokenized equities  commodities  and crypto through a single non-custodial interface  available 24 hours a day  seven days a week.At beta launch  Canborsa supports trading across the following asset classes:Crypto: Bitcoin (BTCx)  Ethereum (ETHx)Tokenized Equities: Apple (AAPLX)  Nvidia (NVDAX)  Tesla (TSLAX)Commodities: Gold (XAUTx)  Silver (XAGx)  Oil (Brent)Stablecoins: USDT  USDCAdditional real-world assets are planned for integration as the platform expands beyond beta.Platform Features Available at LaunchCanborsa's beta release includes three core products:Wallet — A self-custodial wallet for storing and managing crypto and tokenized real-world assets. Users hold their own keys with no reliance on a centralized custodian or traditional bank.Swaps — onchain swap functionality for exchanging crypto  stablecoins  and tokenized assets without intermediaries.Perpetuals — The first perpetual DEX on Canton Network  enabling users to trade perpetual contracts on crypto and tokenized real-world assets with up to 20x leverage. Users can go long or short on Bitcoin  Ethereum  Apple  Nvidia  Tesla  Gold  Oil  and more from a single non-custodial interface.Built on Canton NetworkCanborsa is built natively on Canton Network  a privacy-enabled blockchain developed for institutional-grade financial infrastructure. Unlike public blockchains where every trade is visible to all network participants  Canton ensures that transaction details are visible only to the parties involved. Settlement is atomic and multi-party — transactions either complete fully for every counterparty at the same moment or fail cleanly with zero movement of assets.Canton Network counts Goldman Sachs  BNP Paribas  Deutsche Börse  DTCC  J.P. Morgan  Visa  and Euroclear among its participants. The network supports over $344 billion in represented asset value and processed $66.6 million in protocol fees in April 2026 alone.Founder QuoteWe built Canborsa because the next step for DeFi is access to real assets. Gold  stocks  real estate — these are the markets that actually matter to most people  and they have never been accessible onchain in a way that lets you actively trade them. That changes today."" — Pavel Shter  CEO & Founder  CanborsaPoints Program and Early User IncentivesCanborsa's Points Program is live alongside the platform beta. Users earn points for onchain activity including wallet connections  swaps  and perpetual trades  with additional points available through a three-level referral system. Top leaderboard participants may qualify for ambassador status  product perks  and future reward allocation.About CanborsaCanborsa is the first perpetual RWA DEX built on Canton Network. The platform gives users access to crypto  tokenized real-world assets  and perpetual markets in a single non-custodial interface with 24/7 onchain access. Canborsa is built by a team of 10+ builders with deep experience in fintech  blockchain infrastructure  and trading systems  with backgrounds spanning exchange integrations used by leading crypto platforms and DeFi products launched on Ethereum and BNB Chain.LinksWebsite: canborsa.comX: x.com/Canborsa_DEXTelegram: t.me/canborsa_officialDocs: docs.canborsa.comDisclaimer: The information provided in this press release is not a solicitation for investment  nor is it intended as investment advice  financial advice  or trading advice. Investing involves risk  including the potential loss of capital. It is strongly recommended you practice due diligence  including consultation with a professional financial advisor  before investing in or trading cryptocurrency and securities. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions and assume all associated risks. Neither the media platform nor the publisher shall be held responsible for any fraudulent activities  misrepresentations  or financial losses arising from the content of this press release.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['First Perpetual RWA DEX', 'Canton Network', 'Canborsa', 'Beta', 'first perpetual RWA DEX', 'first perpetual decentralized exchange', 'first perpetual DEX', 'market hour restrictions', 'single non-custodial interface', 'Deutsche Börse', 'J.P. Morgan', 'Early User Incentives', 'three-level referral system', 'future reward allocation', 'professional financial advisor', 'following asset classes', 'three core products', 'institutional-grade financial infrastructure', 'limited trading hours', 'onchain swap functionality', 'Top leaderboard participants', 'leading crypto platforms', 'Traditional financial markets', 'Additional real-world assets', 'tokenized real-world assets', 'Canborsa Points Program', 'exchange integrations', 'perpetual trading', 'perpetual contracts', 'perpetual trades', 'perpetual markets', 'financial advice', 'financial losses', 'traditional bank', 'asset value', 'additional points', 'blockchain infrastructure', 'tokenized assets', 'real assets', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'KYC requirements', 'Onchain Trading', 'brokerage accounts', 'compliance gates', 'centralized custodian', 'up to', '20x leverage', 'privacy-enabled blockchain', 'public blockchains', 'transaction details', 'same moment', 'zero movement', 'Goldman Sachs', 'BNP Paribas', 'protocol fees', 'next step', 'real estate', 'most people', 'Pavel Shter', 'onchain activity', 'ambassador status', 'product perks', '10+ builders', 'deep experience', 'trading systems', 'DeFi products', 'BNB Chain', 'Links Website', 'press release', 'trading advice', 'potential loss', 'due diligence', 'associated risks', 'fraudulent activities', 'network participants', 'beta release', 'self-custodial wallet', 'wallet connections', 'Canton Network', 'investment advice', 'investment decisions', 'trading platform', 'Platform Features', 'media platform', 'direct access', 'Tokenized Equities', 'Founder Quote', 'onchain access', 'beta launch', 'platform beta', 'onchain swaps', 'Dubai', 'UAE', 'users', 'intermediaries', 'barriers', 'commodities', 'Bitcoin', 'BTCx', 'Ethereum', 'ETHx', 'Apple', 'AAPLX', 'Nvidia', 'NVDAX', 'Tesla', 'TSLAX', 'XAUTx', 'Silver', 'XAGx', 'Oil', 'Brent', 'Stablecoins', 'USDT', 'USDC', 'keys', 'reliance', 'Perpetuals', 'parties', 'Settlement', 'atomic', 'multi-party', 'transactions', 'counterparty', 'DTCC', 'Visa', 'Euroclear', 'April', 'stocks', 'way', 'CEO', 'team', 'fintech', 'backgrounds', 'Canborsa_DEX', 'Telegram', 'Docs', 'Disclaimer', 'information', 'solicitation', 'Investing', 'capital', 'consultation', 'cryptocurrency', 'securities', 'publisher', 'misrepresentations', 'content']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56412,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/your-money/2026/05/29/bank-of-ireland-odd-lot-offer-will-give-locked-in-shareholders-an-exit-at-a-cost/,Bank of Ireland odd-lot offer will give locked-in shareholders an exit ... at a cost,Bank says it will announce plans to buy back holdings of 30 shares or fewer at some point over the next 18 months,Bank of Ireland will offer locked-in shareholders a chance to exit their investment without paying a chunk of it to stockbrokers. Photograph: Nick BradshawOur weekly personal finance newsletter will give you the insight you need to save money and make smart spending decisionsLong-suffering small investors in Bank of Ireland can finally look forward to closing the door on a miserable investment after shareholders voted at the recent annual general meeting to approve plans for an “odd-lot” offer.The company’s shares are trading at around €17.37 these days. That is an improvement over recent years. They were trading at €11.94 a year ago when the bank first held out the prospect of an odd-lot offer and as little at €1.35 in April 2020.But it is all a far cry from the €18.65 at which they traded at their pre-crash peak. Since then  shareholders have been diluted through the bailout and have been through a share consolidation in 2017 that gave them just one share for every 30 they previously owned.The offer will see the bank offer to buy back shares from anyone who holds fewer than 30 shares in the lender at a 5 per cent premium to the price in the market at the time the offer goes live. That will be sometime over the next 18 months.That means anyone who held 900 or fewer shares in early 2017 will be eligible.The advantage for the shareholders – apart from the 5 per cent premium – is that they avoid hefty stockbroker charges that would eat dramatically into the remaining value of these shareholdings  which range in value from around €17.40 to €520 at current prices.It is not before time. Bank of Ireland’s main domestic rivals – AIB and PTSB – moved in 2024 to release tens of thousands of Celtic Tiger-era and long-term investors from the purgatory of holdings that had been decimated by the government bailout of lenders after the financial crash.As recently as this time last year  Bank of Ireland chief executive  Myles O’Grady said the bank was aware of the issue of locked-in shareholders “but  to be frank  we didn’t think it was as acute an issue as other banks”.Everything is relative and  to be fair to him  O’Grady was absolutely correct that Bank of Ireland investors had not fared as badly as their peers in AIB and PTSB. But that is scant consolation to a generation of investors whose holdings now are worth just a small fraction – just over 3 per cent – of their peak value.Bank of Ireland says that about 26 000 investors hold 30 or fewer shares in the bank – of which roughly 90 per cent hold between 20 and 30 shares. They account for 35 per cent of all shareholders by number but together the shares they hold amount to just 0.03 per cent of the bank’s issued share capital.As the bank itself points out  disproportionate dealing and other costs disadvantage such small shareholders if they are looking to sell their shares or even cash dividend cheques.It also suspects that a number of the shareholders involved are “inactive” – either because they don’t realise they have any shares still in the bank  are not aware that their holdings have any value or have died without leaving information for executors about the existence of their holdings. A further issue is people who have moved address and simply lost touch with their investment.How does the bank figure that? Well unclaimed dividend cheques for one  or unopened annual reports.But Bank of Ireland is also aware that there is scope for the bank to save money on the recurring costs of keeping in touch with such a large number of shareholders.This is a one-off offer so shareholders need to stay alert to communications from the bank over the next while until the odd-lot buyback is activated. If you have not heard from the bank recently for any reason  get in touch with their investor relations department at investor.relations@boi.com or their share registrar  Computershare  at www.computershare.com/ie/contact-us or at 01 2475414.So how will it work?At some point between now and November 2027  the bank will trigger the odd-lot offer that was approved at last week’s AGM. The offer will be open to any shareholders living in Ireland or Britain who  at April 16th of this year  were registered as having 30 or fewer shares in the bank.If they buy more shares between that date and when the offer is formally announced  bringing their holding above 30 shares  they will no longer be eligible. The same is true for anyone who comes into a holding of 30 or fewer shares between April of this year and the formal offer – by inheritance perhaps or by selling down part of their shareholdings.Anyone who holds their shares through Euroclear Bank or Crest depositary interests will also be excluded.The bank will  at that time  publish the price at which they are buying back the shares. It will be the average price the shares have traded at over the five days before the offer  plus a 5 per cent premium to that price.Most importantly for shareholders  they will not have to worry about stockbroker charges – or indeed any charges – at all. The bank says the reason it chose 30 shares as a cut-off is that “at the current share price [€17.37 as of Thursday]  a disposal of a holding of 30 ordinary shares or less would be largely absorbed by costs if sold through a broker”.There is no obligation on shareholders to sell into the offer although it makes sense unless they have strong reasons to wish to retain such a small shareholding. However  critically  if shareholders do not engage at all with the bank  their shares will be bought out under the odd-lot offer by default.So if you do want to hold on to your shares  you will need to engage with this process  even if you have ignored every communication from the bank over the past decade. You will need to fill in an opt-out form that will be available at that time.It is also worth noting this is an all-or-nothing arrangement. If you are eligible  you cannot choose to sell just part of your shareholding. if  for some reason  you try to opt out of selling some of your shares on that form  the bank will assume you are selling everything.For those who do want to sell  you will actually need to do nothing as the shares will be acquired by default unless you indicate otherwise.While it may be a relief to close the door on their investment  it will come at a significant cost. Based on yesterday’s share price of €17.37  an odd lot offer of €18.28 would yield up to €547. At their peak  30 of Bank of Ireland’s current shares would have been 900 shares  each worth €18.65  a total value of €16 785.That’s a sobering markdown on the investment for shareholders who have been locked into the bank for the past almost 20 years.Cheques will be sent out following any sale but those shareholders who have failed to engage at all in recent years should know that any proceeds unclaimed will be donated to charity – but not for 12 years.You can contact us at OnTheMoney@irishtimes.com with personal finance questions you would like to see us address. If you missed last week’s newsletter  you can read it here.,positive,0.64,0.34,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.18,0.66,True,English,"['odd-lot offer', 'Bank', 'Ireland', 'shareholders', 'exit', 'cost', 'weekly personal finance newsletter', 'recent annual general meeting', 'unopened annual reports', 'smart spending decisions', 'main domestic rivals', 'cash dividend cheques', 'unclaimed dividend cheques', 'Crest depositary interests', 'Myles O’Grady', 'other costs disadvantage', 'investor relations department', '5 per cent premium', 'hefty stockbroker charges', 'Ireland chief executive', 'suffering small investors', 'recent years', 'investor.relations', '3 per cent', '90 per cent', '35 per cent', 'other banks', 'recurring costs', 'small fraction', 'Nick Bradshaw', 'far cry', 'crash peak', 'share consolidation', 'current prices', 'Celtic Tiger-era', 'financial crash', 'scant consolation', 'share capital', 'disproportionate dealing', 'share registrar', 'last week', 'five days', 'long-term investors', 'odd-lot buyback', 'one share', 'next 18 months', 'remaining value', 'government bailout', 'peak value', 'one-off offer', 'formal offer', 'small shareholders', 'miserable investment', 'large number', 'April 16th', 'back shares', 'average price', 'odd-lot offer', 'Ireland investors', 'fewer shares', 'Euroclear Bank', 'bank offer', '26,000 investors', '30 shares', 'chance', 'chunk', 'stockbrokers', 'Photograph', 'insight', 'money', 'door', 'plans', 'company', 'improvement', 'prospect', 'lender', 'market', 'time', 'early 2017', 'shareholdings', 'AIB', 'PTSB', 'tens', 'thousands', 'purgatory', 'issue', 'Everything', 'peers', 'generation', 'information', 'executors', 'existence', 'people', 'address', 'touch', 'scope', 'communications', 'reason', 'boi', 'Computershare', 'point', 'November', 'AGM', 'Britain', 'date', 'inheritance', 'Anyone', '900']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,irishtimes.com
56413,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://realinvestmentadvice.com/resources/blog/dollar-dominance-remains-alive-and-well/,Dollar Dominance Remains Alive And Well (Part 1),The dollar is supposed to be dying. We've heard that argument for the better part of a decade  and it's getting louder  not quieter. The narrative goes that BRICS countries are building an alternative  that China is dumping Treasuries  that gold is replacing …,The dollar is supposed to be dying. We’ve heard that argument for the better part of a decade  and it’s getting louder  not quieter. The narrative goes that BRICS countries are building an alternative  that China is dumping Treasuries  that gold is replacing the dollar as the world’s reserve asset  and that Washington is so desperate to find buyers for the next debt issuance that it’s now offering dollar swap lines to Gulf states as a backdoor liquidity rescue. Make no mistake  the “Persistent Purveyors of Doom” have a story. However  the data doesn’t support any of it.Dollar dominance isn’t fading. In fact  the events of late April 2026 just delivered the loudest counter-signal in years.Thesis Vs. RealityI’ve been arguing for years that the “dollar collapse” thesis confuses inflation with debasement. You can’t be debasing a currency that the rest of the world is fighting harder than ever to acquire. We covered the rebasement argument in our previous piece on the dollar’s plumbing  and in “The Dollar’s Death is Greatly Exaggerated.” The latest data only sharpens the case for dollar dominance.According to the U.S. Treasury’s most recent Treasury International Capital report  released April 15 with February 2026 data  foreign residents purchased $101 billion of long-term U.S. securities in February alone. Net TIC inflows totaled $184.5 billion for the month. On top of that  foreign holders added $91.6 billion to their Treasury bill holdings. Total foreign ownership of U.S. Treasuries hit a record $9.49 trillion in February  up $198 billion in the month and $587 billion over the trailing 12 months. However  that headline number actually undercounts the reality. It excludes foreign holdings managed through U.S.-domiciled hedge funds and the Cayman Islands basis trade  which the Federal Reserve estimates pulls another $1.5 trillion of de facto foreign demand into the bid stack. Adjusted for that  true foreign-linked exposure runs closer to $11 trillion.Beyond stock-of-debt figures  the flow data tells the same story. Indirect bidder participation  the auction proxy for foreign demand  has run consistently above 70% of accepted bids on recent benchmark issues. Bid-to-cover ratios on 10-year and 30-year auctions have held above 2.5 across multiple cycles. If the world were truly walking away from the dollar  we’d see weak auctions  tailing yields  and a steepening term premium driven by rejected supply. Instead  we see the opposite. The U.S. just printed roughly two-and-a-half trillion in deficits over the past year  and global investors absorbed every basis point of it.That doesn’t sound like a fire sale. On the contrary  that looks like the strongest sustained demand for U.S. sovereign debt in history.Why Central Bank Gold Buying Reinforces Dollar DominanceHere’s the part of the story the doomers consistently get wrong. The gold bugs have built an entire belief system on a category error. Of course  central banks have been buying gold in size. The World Gold Council’s Q1 2026 Gold Demand Trends report  published April 29  shows central banks bought 244 tonnes of gold net in Q1 2026 alone  up 3 percent year-over-year. That extends 17 consecutive months of net official-sector purchases  even with gold prices peaking above $5 400 an ounce in January.3 Total Q1 physical gold demand reached 474 tonnes  the second-highest quarter on record. Furthermore  the WGC forecasts roughly 850 tonnes of central bank purchases for full-year 2026  on par with 2025 and consistent with the multi-year pace. The trend is real and significant. However  it is not  in any practical sense  an escape from the dollar.Gold is priced in dollars. The LBMA Gold Price  the global benchmark used to mark central bank holdings  settles in U.S. dollars per ounce. When the People’s Bank of China  the National Bank of Poland  or the Reserve Bank of India accumulates gold  the value of those reserves is reported  audited  and benchmarked in U.S. dollars. Of course  the unit of account doesn’t change just because the asset does. Furthermore  when those same central banks need to deploy gold for liquidity  the counterparty pricing reverts to dollars. That applies whether the deployment is through swaps  repo  or sale. The gold and dollar markets are not parallel systems. They’re the same system  with gold serving as a dollar-priced reserve asset.That distinction matters because it reframes the entire de-dollarization narrative. A central bank that shifts 5% of reserves from Treasuries into gold has not abandoned the dollar. Instead  it has rebalanced inside the dollar-priced reserve system. The same is true for the Bank for International Settlements gold swaps  the Shanghai Gold Exchange yuan-quoted contract  and even the Russian central bank’s pre-sanction accumulation. Every one of those positions has a dollar-equivalent value because dollars are how the world prices reserve wealth. Even when gold is bought  sold  or pledged  the cross-rate to USD is the reference point. There’s no other deep  liquid pricing rail. In that sense  gold accumulation reinforces dollar dominance rather than threatens it.The same World Gold Council survey that gets cited to “prove” a dollar decline shows that 73% of central bank respondents expect a moderately or significantly lower USD share of reserves over the next five years. The doomers stop reading at that headline. The reality is that the IMF’s most recent COFER release  covering Q4 2025  puts the dollar’s share of allocated reserves at 56.77%. That figure is essentially flat versus the prior quarter  with most of the variation explained by exchange-rate effects rather than active selling.Total foreign exchange reserves stood at $13.14 trillion at year-end 2025. The dollar’s share of reserves has fluctuated between roughly 56% and 72% over the past three decades. At every level  however  it has been a multiple of every other reserve currency combined. The euro sits at 20.25%  and the yen and pound around 5% each  with the yuan  despite all the hype  still under 2%.Bessent’s Dollar Swaps Extend DominanceIndeed  Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has spent the last several weeks discussing the possibility of extending dollar swap lines to allies in the Persian Gulf and Asia  with the United Arab Emirates as the lead candidate. Predictably  the doomers have framed this as a fire-sale-prevention move  claiming that Washington is offering swaps to keep Gulf sovereigns from dumping Treasuries amid the Iran conflict. However  that reading misses the strategy entirely.Bessent said it himself in plain language. In his April 22 testimony to the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee  he stated that swap lines “are to maintain order in the dollar funding markets and to prevent the sale of U.S. assets in a disorderly way.” Two days later  in a coordinated X post  he went further: “Additional swap lines can benefit our nation by reinforcing dollar usage and liquidity internationally ” and “extending permanent swap lines can be a major first step in creating new U.S. dollar funding centers in the Gulf and Asia.” He closed with the line that defines the entire policy framework:“Dollar dominance and reserve currency status are strengthened by constant long-term initiatives  including countering the growth of problematic  alternative payment systems.”That’s not the language of a desperate Treasury Secretary trying to plug a leaky bid stack. On the contrary  that’s the language of a policymaker using monetary infrastructure to extend American financial reach. Swap lines are how Washington exports dollar liquidity. The 2008 crisis playbook used them defensively to backstop European and Japanese banks. Bessent is now reaching for the same tool offensively. He’s planting new dollar funding nodes in regions where alternative payment systems  including BRICS clearing rails and yuan-denominated commodity pricing  have been making noise.Consider the geometry. Permanent swap line access turns a partner country’s central bank into a node of the dollar system. Once that line is in place  local banks have a guaranteed dollar liquidity backstop. As a result  there is no real incentive to develop a non-dollar alternative. The UAE flirted publicly with yuan-denominated oil pricing as recently as last year. A swap line eliminates that option in practice. It makes the dollar backstop too cheap and reliable to abandon. This is the same logic that has kept the existing G7 swap lines (Canada  ECB  Japan  UK  Switzerland) firmly inside the dollar orbit since the financial crisis.Furthermore  this isn’t theoretical. Bessent has already run this playbook in practice. In September 2025  the Treasury used the Exchange Stabilization Fund to extend a $20 billion swap line to Argentina ahead of Milei’s pivotal October election. The strategic logic was identical. Reinforce dollar liquidity in a partner economy. Prevent disorderly Treasury liquidations during a political stress event. Lock the country into the dollar system at the moment of maximum strategic value. Bessent has publicly stated that the Argentina facility was fully repaid within months  validating the operational template. The UAE proposal extends the same framework to the Gulf  and the broader Asian conversation that Bessent referenced suggests the network is about to expand significantly.Swap lines are the carrot. Sanctions are the stick. Bessent has been just as direct about the second tool as about the first  and the timing of the messaging is no accident.Furthermore  in late April  the Treasury unveiled what it’s calling “Economic Fury ” a coordinated campaign to “systematically degrade Tehran’s ability to generate  move  and repatriate funds.” The mechanics are revealing. The U.S. Navy is enforcing a blockade of Iranian ports. Kharg Island oil storage is filling up because Iranian crude has nowhere to go. Tankers facilitating covert trade face direct sanctions exposure. Critically for this discussion  OFAC has already frozen $344 million in cryptocurrency wallets tied to the regime.That last data point matters more than the doomers will admit. It directly validates the argument we made in our previous piece on digital dollar infrastructure. Stablecoin and crypto rails are not an escape from the dollar system. Instead  they’re an extension of it  with new enforcement capabilities attached. When Treasury can freeze nine-figure crypto positions through compliance pressure on issuers and exchanges  the supposed “uncensorable” alternative to dollar custody turns out to be more censorable  not less.The reality is that dollar dominance is reinforced by both tools simultaneously. On the carrot side  you have liquidity provision  swap lines  digital dollar adoption  and the deep Treasury bid. On the stick side  you have sanctions reach  OFAC freezes  blacklisting  and naval enforcement of commodity flows. Of course  both capabilities are expanding  not contracting. Foreign reserve managers know this. Furthermore  they are also calculating that being inside the dollar orbit  even with custodial diversification  is far safer than being targeted by it.The UAE OPEC Exit Validates the StrategyThen came April 28. The UAE announced it was leaving both OPEC and OPEC+  dealing a heavy blow to the cartel and to its de facto leader  Saudi Arabia. The timing was not coincidental. Just six days earlier  Bessent had publicly endorsed an emergency dollar swap line for Abu Dhabi before the Senate. The UAE central bank governor  Khaled Mohamed Balama  had traveled to Washington during the IMF and World Bank spring meetings to meet with Bessent and Federal Reserve representatives.Read the sequence carefully. First  Iran’s missile strikes hit Gulf infrastructure  and then the Strait of Hormuz closes. UAE faces a real liquidity stress event. Washington offers an emergency dollar backstop  security guarantees  and the deployment of Israel’s Iron Dome on UAE soil. Days later  the UAE walks out of the petroleum cartel that the doomers have spent years claiming was about to abandon the dollar in favor of a “petroyuan” alternative. Instead  the UAE just publicly chose the dollar bloc over its OPEC peers. The swap line offer didn’t avert a crisis through emergency liquidity. It reorganized a major Gulf state into the U.S. financial orbit at the moment of maximum strategic opportunity.That is dollar dominance functioning exactly as Bessent described it in his testimony. Carrot first. Then  the strategic realignment is second. The petroyuan narrative just lost its most credible Gulf candidate.Pushback: But What About De-Dollarization?The strongest version of the de-dollarization argument runs as follows. After the 2022 sanctions on Russia froze roughly $300 billion in central bank reserves  every other sanction-vulnerable country had to reassess custodial risk. China shifted holdings from direct U.S. custody to Belgium and Luxembourg. BRICS expanded membership. The Saudi-Iran rapprochement  brokered partly by Beijing  signaled a regional pivot. In addition  Russia and China increased bilateral trade settled in yuan and rubles. All of this is true.However  none of it actually undermines dollar dominance at the system level. Sanction-driven custodial diversification moves Treasuries from the New York Fed to Euroclear. Yet it doesn’t move them out of the Treasury market. China’s reported direct holdings have declined  but its total exposure  including third-country custody  has remained roughly flat. Furthermore  BRICS settlement still reverts to dollars at the cross-border invoicing layer. No participant wants to hold rubles  rupees  or yuan as a long-term store of value. Bilateral yuan settlement  despite the headlines  remains a sliver of total trade flows.The reality is the doomers are confusing diversification with abandonment. Foreign reserve managers are doing two things at once. First  they’re spreading custodial risk across more jurisdictions. Second  they’re adding gold as a politically neutral hedge. Both moves leave the dollar as the dominant unit of account  the dominant settlement asset  and the dominant store of value. As shown above  the share has barely moved.Beyond the traditional reserve channel  digital dollar infrastructure is rapidly expanding the dollar’s reach into emerging markets. Demand for dollar-denominated digital tokens has hit all-time highs in Latin America  Africa  and Southeast Asia. Tether’s Q1 2026 attestation  published May 1  confirmed direct and indirect U.S. Treasury exposure of approximately $141 billion as of March 31  against $191.8 billion in total assets and $183.5 billion in liabilities. The reserve buffer reached a record $8.23 billion  and Q1 net profit hit $1.04 billion. That makes Tether the 17th largest holder of U.S. Treasuries globally.Furthermore  USDT circulation grew by more than $5 billion during April alone  pushing total supply above $188 billion. In Latin America  dollar-pegged digital tokens accounted for 40% of crypto purchases in 2025  surpassing Bitcoin’s share. The Bitso report on 10 million Latin American users described the trend bluntly as “digital dollarization.” That kind of grassroots demand is dollar dominance in action at the consumer layer.The GENIUS Act  signed into law last July  created the first federal framework requiring permitted issuers to back tokens with high-quality liquid assets  primarily short-term Treasuries. The April 2026 FinCEN/OFAC proposed rule extends sanctions enforcement directly into the issuer layer. As a result  Washington can freeze  block  or seize dollar-denominated digital tokens through the issuer’s compliance program. That isn’t a workaround away from the dollar system; it’s an extension of it  with new enforcement rails attached.What This Means for InvestorsThe investment implications cut several ways. First  foreign demand for U.S. Treasuries is structurally strong  which keeps a bid under the long end of the curve even as deficits widen. Indeed  that’s bullish for duration. Second  central bank gold buying creates a price floor under bullion that didn’t exist in prior cycles. Investors should hold some allocation to gold. However  they should hold it for the right reason. It’s a dollar-priced inflation hedge and a political risk diversifier  not a fiat escape hatch. Finally  the digital dollar buildout is creating a new investable vertical. Custody  payments infrastructure  and compliant on-ramp providers (CRCL  COIN  V  MA  JPM  BK) sit at the intersection of fiat and digital dollar plumbing.The contrarian read is this. If you bought into the dollar collapse narrative over the last five years  you missed gains in U.S. equities. You missed the Treasury bid that compressed yields during recent risk-off episodes. You probably overweighted gold and Bitcoin at peaks. The bottom line is that the trade that has worked across cycles is owning U.S. assets denominated in U.S. dollars. Diversifying across the dollar-priced reserve system has worked. Diversifying against it has not.What does this mean for portfolio positioning right now? It means duration risk is rewarded by structural foreign demand. Equity risk is supported by the dollar-priced earnings of multinational franchises. Gold belongs in the portfolio at a strategic weight  not a doomsday weight. Furthermore  investors should pay close attention to which firms are positioning for the digital dollar buildout. That’s where the next leg of dollar dominance is happening.The doomers will keep selling fear. That’s the business model. Make no mistake  real risks exist. Fiscal trajectory  debt servicing costs  sanctions blowback  and CBDC competition are all worth tracking carefully. However  none of those risks add up to the collapse narrative being pitched on social media every other day. The reality on the tape is that foreign Treasury demand is at an all-time high. Central bank gold buying continues to reinforce dollar pricing. Swap lines are being deployed offensively to extend dollar reach. Digital dollar infrastructure is colonizing real-time commerce in emerging markets.If the dollar were truly dying  none of this would be happening. The fact that all of it is happening simultaneously tells you everything you need to know about where the smart money is positioning. The dollar isn’t dying. It’s evolving. And dollar dominance is going to be the central pricing rail of the global financial system for a long time yet.,neutral,0.48,0.52,0.0,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Dollar Dominance', 'Part', 'other deep, liquid pricing rail', 'Shanghai Gold Exchange yuan-quoted contract', 'recent Treasury International Capital report', 'U.S.-domiciled hedge funds', 'Q1 2026 Gold Demand Trends report', 'Total Q1 physical gold demand', 'long-term U.S. securities', 'Cayman Islands basis trade', 'de facto foreign demand', 'U.S. sovereign debt', 'The LBMA Gold Price', 'International Settlements gold swaps', 'Central Bank Gold Buying', 'The World Gold Council', 'U.S. Treasury', 'The U.S.', 'strongest sustained demand', 'Total foreign ownership', 'recent benchmark issues', 'Treasury bill holdings', 'next debt issuance', 'true foreign-linked exposure', 'Indirect bidder participation', 'steepening term premium', 'U.S. dollars', 'Net TIC inflows', 'U.S. Treasuries', 'entire belief system', 'net official-sector purchases', 'central bank purchases', 'Russian central bank', 'dollar-priced reserve system', 'backdoor liquidity rescue', 'entire de-dollarization narrative', 'central bank holdings', 'dollar swap lines', 'same central banks', 'dollar-priced reserve asset', 'dollar collapse” thesis', 'counterparty pricing', 'foreign holdings', 'gold net', 'debt figures', 'basis point', 'same system', 'The Dollar', 'Reserve Bank', 'Thesis Vs', 'foreign residents', 'foreign holders', 'global benchmark', 'Federal Reserve', 'gold bugs', 'gold prices', 'gold accumulation', 'National Bank', 'BRICS countries', 'Gulf states', 'Persistent Purveyors', 'late April', 'loudest counter-signal', 'previous piece', 'trailing 12 months', 'headline number', 'auction proxy', 'cover ratios', '30-year auctions', 'multiple cycles', 'weak auctions', 'global investors', 'category error', '17 consecutive months', 'highest quarter', 'multi-year pace', 'parallel systems', 'pre-sanction accumulation', 'reference point', 'world prices', 'latest data', 'flow data', 'Dollar dominance', 'dollar markets', 'same story', 'rebasement argument', 'bid stack', 'past year', 'fire sale', 'practical sense', 'dollar-equivalent value', 'February 2026 data', 'decade', 'alternative', 'China', 'Washington', 'buyers', 'mistake', 'Doom', 'events', 'years', 'Reality', 'inflation', 'debasement', 'currency', 'rest', 'plumbing', 'Death', 'case', 'top', 'record', 'stock', 'bids', '10-year', 'yields', 'supply', 'opposite', 'deficits', 'contrary', 'history', 'size', '244 tonnes', 'January', '474 tonnes', 'WGC', '850 tonnes', 'full-year', 'escape', 'ounce', 'People', 'Poland', 'India', 'reserves', 'unit', 'account', 'deployment', 'distinction', 'positions', 'wealth', 'cross-rate', 'USD', '2025']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,realinvestmentadvice.com
56414,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-board-of-directors-declines-unsolicited-pershing-square-proposal-302785949.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Board of Directors Declines Unsolicited Pershing Square Proposal,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  May 29  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that its Board of Directors (the ""Board"") has unanimously determined that the unsolicited and non-binding proposal (""t…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  May 29  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that its Board of Directors (the ""Board"") has unanimously determined that the unsolicited and non-binding proposal (""the proposal"") it received from Pershing Square Capital Management  L.P. (""Pershing Square"") on April 7  2026  is not in the best interests of UMG  its shareholders  artists  songwriters  employees and other stakeholders.UMGThe Board has taken the time to fully assess the proposal submitted by Pershing Square. After careful review with the assistance of outside financial and legal advisors  the Board has rejected the proposal because it fundamentally and materially undervalues UMG and will not deliver superior value creation. The Board has heard from many of UMG's shareholders and other stakeholders and believes there is a strong consensus supporting the Board's decision.As a company operating in a fast-evolving sector  UMG and its Board continuously assess the company's business and financial strategy. The company recently initiated and subsequently expanded its buyback program  announced plans to monetize half of its Spotify equity stake  and announced it would provide the market with enhanced financial disclosure so that its business can be better assessed and understood. These are topics the Board and management have been considering for several months  and which will remain under continuous review.Sherry Lansing  Chairman of the Board  UMG said: ""UMG has built an unrivalled position in the music industry through clear vision and strong execution. The Board has full confidence in Sir Lucian and his team's ability to deliver sustainable growth and continued value creation for all stakeholders.""UMG has consistently led the industry  particularly since becoming a listed company in 2021. This has included pioneering an artist-centric approach to Streaming 2.0  underpinned by new agreements with digital service providers and leading the market in a responsible approach to the use of artificial intelligence. Also since listing  UMG has grown revenue by 60% and Adjusted EBITDA by nearly 70%(1)  while sustaining healthy returns on equity. In 2025 UMG achieved a 33% share in recorded music  its highest share in 12 years  and a 24% share in music publishing  the highest share UMG has achieved since Music & Copyright started tracking market share in 2010. For the third consecutive year  in 2025 UMG artists held 9 of the top 10 positions on the annual IFPI Global Artist Chart.Sir Lucian Grainge  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  UMG said: ""We remain committed to leading the industry by attracting the world's top talent  deepening fan engagement globally  and driving innovation. Central to that mission is fostering an environment that champions human creativity  protects artists  songwriters  and entrepreneurs  and expands opportunities for growth and success. As we execute our strategy and deliver maximum long term value  we look forward to providing shareholders with greater insight into the drivers of our performance and future direction of our business.""Citi is acting as financial advisor to the UMG Board of Directors  and Paul  Weiss  Rifkind  Wharton & Garrison LLP and De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V. are acting as legal advisors to the UMG Board of Directors.AnnotationsRevenue and Adjusted EBITDA growth is for the twelve months ended December 31  2025 compared with the twelve months ended June 30  2021.Cautionary NoticeThis press release is published by UMG and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with respect to UMG's financial condition  results of operations  business  strategy and plans. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as 'profit forecast'  'expect'  'estimate'  'project'  'anticipate'  'should'  'intend'  'plan'  'probability'  'risk'  'target'  'goal'  'objective'  'will'  'endeavour'  'optimistic'  'prospects' and similar expressions or variations on such expressions. Although UMG believes that such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  they are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are related to factors that are outside UMG's control  including  but not limited to  UMG's inability to compete successfully and to identify  attract  sign and retain successful recording artists and songwriters  failure of streaming and subscription adoption or revenue to grow or to grow less rapidly than anticipated  UMG's reliance on digital service providers  UMG's inability to execute its business strategy  the global nature of UMG's operations  changes in global economic and financial conditions  UMG's inability to protect its intellectual property and against piracy  challenges related to generative AI  UMG's inability to attract and retain key personnel  UMG's restructuring and reorganization activities  UMG's acquisitions and other investments  changes in laws and regulations (and UMG's compliance therewith) and the other risks that are described in our 2025 Annual Report. Accordingly  UMG cautions readers against placing undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release. UMG disclaims any intention or obligation to provide  update or revise any such forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group (EURONEXT: UMG)  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information on Universal Music Group N.V.  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]Brunswick Group – [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpg",neutral,0.0,0.88,0.12,mixed,0.23,0.08,0.68,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V. Board', 'Pershing Square Proposal', 'Directors', 'De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V.', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'annual IFPI Global Artist Chart', 'maximum long term value', 'Pershing Square Capital Management', 'superior value creation', 'continued value creation', 'digital service providers', 'third consecutive year', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Spotify equity stake', 'Sir Lucian Grainge', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'successful recording artists', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Adjusted EBITDA growth', 'global nature', 'global economic', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'L.P.', 'best interests', 'careful review', 'outside financial', 'legal advisors', 'strong consensus', 'evolving sector', 'buyback program', 'financial disclosure', 'several months', 'continuous review', 'Sherry Lansing', 'unrivalled position', 'clear vision', 'strong execution', 'full confidence', 'sustainable growth', 'artist-centric approach', 'new agreements', 'responsible approach', 'artificial intelligence', 'healthy returns', 'top 10 positions', 'top talent', 'fan engagement', 'human creativity', 'greater insight', 'future direction', 'financial advisor', 'Garrison LLP', 'twelve months', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'inside information', 'financial condition', 'profit forecast', 'reasonable assumptions', 'subscription adoption', 'intellectual property', 'other stakeholders', 'highest share', 'music industry', 'financial strategy', 'similar expressions', 'future performance', 'Actual results', 'market share', 'The Board', 'non-binding proposal', 'listed company', 'UMG artists', 'business strategy', 'UMG Board', '33% share', '24% share', 'HILVERSUM', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'Directors', 'unsolicited', 'April', 'shareholders', 'songwriters', 'employees', 'time', 'assistance', 'decision', 'plans', 'half', 'topics', 'Chairman', 'team', 'ability', 'Streaming', 'listing', 'revenue', '12 years', 'Copyright', 'world', 'innovation', 'mission', 'environment', 'entrepreneurs', 'opportunities', 'drivers', 'Citi', 'Paul', 'Weiss', 'Rifkind', 'Wharton', 'Annotations', 'December', 'June', 'meaning', 'article', 'respect', 'operations', 'words', 'project', 'risk', 'target', 'endeavour', 'prospects', 'variations', 'guarantees', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'factors', 'control', 'failure', 'reliance', 'changes', 'piracy']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,prnewswire.com
56415,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-board-of-directors-declines-unsolicited-pershing-square-proposal-302785944.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Board of Directors Declines Unsolicited Pershing Square Proposal,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  May 29  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that its Board of Directors (the ""Board"") has unanimously determined that the unsolicited and non-binding proposal (""t…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  May 29  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that its Board of Directors (the ""Board"") has unanimously determined that the unsolicited and non-binding proposal (""the proposal"") it received from Pershing Square Capital Management  L.P. (""Pershing Square"") on April 7  2026  is not in the best interests of UMG  its shareholders  artists  songwriters  employees and other stakeholders.The Board has taken the time to fully assess the proposal submitted by Pershing Square. After careful review with the assistance of outside financial and legal advisors  the Board has rejected the proposal because it fundamentally and materially undervalues UMG and will not deliver superior value creation. The Board has heard from many of UMG's shareholders and other stakeholders and believes there is a strong consensus supporting the Board's decision.As a company operating in a fast-evolving sector  UMG and its Board continuously assess the company's business and financial strategy. The company recently initiated and subsequently expanded its buyback program  announced plans to monetize half of its Spotify equity stake  and announced it would provide the market with enhanced financial disclosure so that its business can be better assessed and understood. These are topics the Board and management have been considering for several months  and which will remain under continuous review.Sherry Lansing  Chairman of the Board  UMG said: ""UMG has built an unrivalled position in the music industry through clear vision and strong execution. The Board has full confidence in Sir Lucian and his team's ability to deliver sustainable growth and continued value creation for all stakeholders.""UMG has consistently led the industry  particularly since becoming a listed company in 2021. This has included pioneering an artist-centric approach to Streaming 2.0  underpinned by new agreements with digital service providers and leading the market in a responsible approach to the use of artificial intelligence. Also since listing  UMG has grown revenue by 60% and Adjusted EBITDA by nearly 70%(1)  while sustaining healthy returns on equity. In 2025 UMG achieved a 33% share in recorded music  its highest share in 12 years  and a 24% share in music publishing  the highest share UMG has achieved since Music & Copyright started tracking market share in 2010. For the third consecutive year  in 2025 UMG artists held 9 of the top 10 positions on the annual IFPI Global Artist Chart.Sir Lucian Grainge  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  UMG said: ""We remain committed to leading the industry by attracting the world's top talent  deepening fan engagement globally  and driving innovation. Central to that mission is fostering an environment that champions human creativity  protects artists  songwriters  and entrepreneurs  and expands opportunities for growth and success. As we execute our strategy and deliver maximum long term value  we look forward to providing shareholders with greater insight into the drivers of our performance and future direction of our business.""Citi is acting as financial advisor to the UMG Board of Directors  and Paul  Weiss  Rifkind  Wharton & Garrison LLP and De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V. are acting as legal advisors to the UMG Board of Directors.AnnotationsRevenue and Adjusted EBITDA growth is for the twelve months ended December 31  2025 compared with the twelve months ended June 30  2021.Cautionary NoticeThis press release is published by UMG and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with respect to UMG's financial condition  results of operations  business  strategy and plans. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as 'profit forecast'  'expect'  'estimate'  'project'  'anticipate'  'should'  'intend'  'plan'  'probability'  'risk'  'target'  'goal'  'objective'  'will'  'endeavour'  'optimistic'  'prospects' and similar expressions or variations on such expressions. Although UMG believes that such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  they are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are related to factors that are outside UMG's control  including  but not limited to  UMG's inability to compete successfully and to identify  attract  sign and retain successful recording artists and songwriters  failure of streaming and subscription adoption or revenue to grow or to grow less rapidly than anticipated  UMG's reliance on digital service providers  UMG's inability to execute its business strategy  the global nature of UMG's operations  changes in global economic and financial conditions  UMG's inability to protect its intellectual property and against piracy  challenges related to generative AI  UMG's inability to attract and retain key personnel  UMG's restructuring and reorganization activities  UMG's acquisitions and other investments  changes in laws and regulations (and UMG's compliance therewith) and the other risks that are described in our 2025 Annual Report. Accordingly  UMG cautions readers against placing undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release. UMG disclaims any intention or obligation to provide  update or revise any such forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group (EURONEXT: UMG)  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information on Universal Music Group N.V.  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]Brunswick Group – [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,0.88,0.12,mixed,0.23,0.08,0.68,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V. Board', 'Pershing Square Proposal', 'Directors', 'De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V.', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'annual IFPI Global Artist Chart', 'maximum long term value', 'Pershing Square Capital Management', 'superior value creation', 'continued value creation', 'digital service providers', 'third consecutive year', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Spotify equity stake', 'Sir Lucian Grainge', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'successful recording artists', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Adjusted EBITDA growth', 'global nature', 'global economic', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'L.P.', 'best interests', 'careful review', 'outside financial', 'legal advisors', 'strong consensus', 'evolving sector', 'buyback program', 'financial disclosure', 'several months', 'continuous review', 'Sherry Lansing', 'unrivalled position', 'clear vision', 'strong execution', 'full confidence', 'sustainable growth', 'artist-centric approach', 'new agreements', 'responsible approach', 'artificial intelligence', 'healthy returns', 'top 10 positions', 'top talent', 'fan engagement', 'human creativity', 'greater insight', 'future direction', 'financial advisor', 'Garrison LLP', 'twelve months', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'inside information', 'financial condition', 'profit forecast', 'reasonable assumptions', 'subscription adoption', 'intellectual property', 'other stakeholders', 'highest share', 'music industry', 'financial strategy', 'similar expressions', 'future performance', 'Actual results', 'market share', 'The Board', 'non-binding proposal', 'listed company', 'UMG artists', 'business strategy', 'UMG Board', '33% share', '24% share', 'HILVERSUM', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'Directors', 'unsolicited', 'April', 'shareholders', 'songwriters', 'employees', 'time', 'assistance', 'decision', 'plans', 'half', 'topics', 'Chairman', 'team', 'ability', 'Streaming', 'listing', 'revenue', '12 years', 'Copyright', 'world', 'innovation', 'mission', 'environment', 'entrepreneurs', 'opportunities', 'drivers', 'Citi', 'Paul', 'Weiss', 'Rifkind', 'Wharton', 'Annotations', 'December', 'June', 'meaning', 'article', 'respect', 'operations', 'words', 'estimate', 'project', 'risk', 'target', 'endeavour', 'prospects', 'variations', 'guarantees', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'factors', 'control', 'failure', 'reliance', 'changes', 'piracy', 'challenges']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,prnewswire.com
56416,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-april-2026-monthly-factsheet-302784435.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited April 2026 Monthly Factsheet,LONDON  May 29  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for April 2026. Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet. April 2026 Factsheet About Tetragon: Tetragon Financial Group is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. I…,LONDON  May 29  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for April 2026.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.April 2026 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon Financial Group is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders.Tetragon's non-voting shares are subject to restrictions on ownership by U.S. persons and are not intended for European retail investors. Please see: www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders/additional-info/.Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomas[email protected]Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners[email protected]U.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'April', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', 'collective investment scheme', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'European retail investors', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'investment manager', 'U.K.', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'public offer', 'May', 'April', 'tetragoninv', 'shareholders', 'restrictions', 'ownership', 'info', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,prnewswire.com
56417,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303700/0/en/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-N-V-STOCK-DIVIDEND-ISSUE-PRICE.html,EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.: STOCK DIVIDEND ISSUE PRICE,Date: 29 May 2026  Release: After closing of Euronext  Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:     Attachment        ...,Date: 7 May 2026 Release: After closing of Euronext Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes: Attachment FULL PRESS RELEASE ...,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.', 'STOCK DIVIDEND ISSUE PRICE', 'Attachment FULL PRESS RELEASE', 'full report', 'following link', 'Date', '7 May', 'closing', 'Euronext', 'annexes']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56418,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303725/0/en/Ipsen-announces-the-launch-of-an-Employee-Shareholding-Plan.html,Ipsen announces the launch of an Employee Shareholding Plan,Ipsen announces the launch of an employee shareholding plan  PARIS  FRANCE  29 MAY 2026 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today the launch of...,Ipsen announces the launch of an employee shareholding planPARIS  FRANCE  29 MAY 2026 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today the launch of an employee shareholding plan. This fifth transaction in the last ten years aims to involve Ipsen's employees more closely  both in France and abroad  in the Group's development and performance. It will be launched in 36 countries.This plan  reserved for employee only  will be carried out through the sale of existing shares reserved for members of a Company savings plan. The sale of existing shares will be capped to a number of shares representing a maximum of 1% of the Company's share capital.Upon delegation of the Board of Directors  the Chief Executive Officer has set the subscription price of a share in the context of this transaction on 29 May 2026. The subscription price of a share corresponds to the average opening prices of the Ipsen share on Euronext Paris during the twenty (20) trading days preceding the decision of the Chief Executive Officer  less a 20% discount. The subscription price is €130.96.Beneficiaries of the OfferingThe offering is carried out pursuant to Articles L. 3332-18 et seq. of the French Labour Code  within the framework of Ipsen's Group Savings Plan (“PEG”) and International Group Savings Plan. Ipsen employees will benefit from an employer matching contribution.It is intended for the Group employees with at least three months' seniority and who are located in the following countries: Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  Colombia  Czech Republic  Denmark  Finland  France  Germany  Greece  Hungary  Ireland  Italy  Japan  Latvia  Lithuania  Mexico  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Saudi Arabia  Singapore  Slovakia  South Korea  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Taiwan  the U.A.E.  the U.K. and the U.S.Retired and pre-retired former employees who have retained assets in the GSP since leaving the Group are also eligible to participation in the transaction  without the benefit of the employer matching contribution.The shares subscribed to  in registered form or through a Fonds Commun de Placement d’Entreprise (“FCPE”)  will be locked-up for a period of (5) years  in accordance with the regulations governing employee savings plans  except in the case of authorized early exit events.Indicative timetable of the transactionSetting of the subscription price: 29 May 2026Subscription period: from 3 June to 17 June 2026Settlement-delivery of the offering: 28 July 2026The shares purchased within the framework of the transaction will be Ipsen ordinary shares and will be fully assimilated to existing Ipsen shares listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0010259150).This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for Ipsen shares. The Ipsen share offering is strictly reserved for members of a Group employee savings plan and will only be implemented in countries where such an offering has been registered with or notified to the competent local authorities and/or following approval of a prospectus by the competent local authorities  or in consideration of an exemption from the obligation to prepare a prospectus or to register or notify the offering.About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. Our pipeline is fueled by internal and external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 100 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comIpsen ContactsInvestors Henry Wheeler henry.wheeler@ipsen.com +33 7 66 47 11 49 Khalid Deojee khalid.deojee@ipsen.com +33 6 66 01 95 26 Media Sally Bain sally.bain@ipsen.com +1 857 320 0517 Anne Liontas anne.liontas.ext@ipsen.com +33 7 67 34 72 96Disclaimers and/or forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation and risks arising from unexpected regulatory or political changes such as changes in tax regulation and regulations on trade and tariffs  such as protectionist measures  especially in the United States; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Employee Shareholding Plan', 'Ipsen', 'launch', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'Fonds Commun de Placement', 'Media Sally Bain sally', 'International Group Savings Plan', 'Group employee savings plan', 'employee savings plans', 'The Ipsen share offering', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'average opening prices', 'twenty (20) trading days', 'employer matching contribution', ""three months' seniority"", 'competent local authorities', 'three therapeutic areas', 'Investors Henry Wheeler', 'reasonable macroeconomic conditions', 'employee shareholding plan', 'Company savings plan', 'French Labour Code', 'U.A.E.', 'last ten years', 'early exit events', 'Khalid Deojee khalid', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Ipsen ordinary shares', 'existing Ipsen shares', 'ISIN code', 'global hubs', 'Group employees', 'existing shares', 'U.K.', 'U.S.', 'share capital', 'subscription price', 'Articles L.', 'Czech Republic', 'Saudi Arabia', 'South Korea', 'registered form', 'Indicative timetable', 'press release', 'Rare Disease', 'external innovation', 'Anne Liontas', 'forward-looking statements', 'management strategy', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'actual results', 'future ability', 'similar expressions', 'future events', 'regulatory filings', 'former employees', 'Ipsen Contacts', 'Subscription period', 'transformative medicines', 'development experience', 'unknown risks', 'external-growth assumptions', 'financial targets', 'Ipsen employees', 'fifth transaction', 'following countries', 'Euronext Paris', '100 years', '36 countries', '40 countries', '100 countries', 'launch', 'FRANCE', '29 MAY', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'performance', 'sale', 'members', 'number', 'maximum', 'delegation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'context', 'decision', 'less', '20% discount', 'Beneficiaries', 'framework', 'PEG', 'Australia', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'China', 'Colombia', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'Hungary', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Japan', 'Latvia', 'Lithuania', 'Mexico', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Romania', 'Singapore', 'Slovakia', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Taiwan', 'Retired', 'assets', 'GSP', 'participation', 'benefit', 'Entreprise', 'FCPE', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'case', 'Setting', '3 June', '17 June', 'Settlement-delivery', 'solicitation', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'consideration', 'exemption', 'obligation', 'focus', 'patients', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'pipeline', 'internal', 'teams', 'partnerships', 'world', 'information', 'Disclaimers', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'Use', 'words', 'expects', 'expectations', 'determinations', 'document', 'account']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56419,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/paratus-energy-key-information-relating-to-q1-2026-cash-dividend-302785399.html,Paratus Energy: Key Information Relating to Q1 2026 Cash Dividend,"HAMILTON  Bermuda  May 29  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the announcement by Paratus Energy Services Ltd. (ticker ""PLSV"") (""Paratus"" or the ""Company"") today that the Board of Directors has approved a cash dividend to shareholders as specified belo…","HAMILTON  Bermuda  May 29  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the announcement by Paratus Energy Services Ltd. (ticker ""PLSV"") (""Paratus"" or the ""Company"") today that the Board of Directors has approved a cash dividend to shareholders as specified below.Dividend amount: USD 0.22 (approximately NOK 2.03) per shareDeclared currency: USDLast day including right: June 3  2026Ex-date: June 4  2026Record date: June 5  2026Payment date: June 12  2026Date of approval: May 28  2026Payment of cash distribution to shareholders holding shares outside the Euronext Securities Oslo/VPS will be handled manually.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.For further information  please contact:Baton Haxhimehmedi  CFO and Interim CEO[email protected]+47 406 39 083About ParatusParatus Energy Services Ltd. (ticker: PLSV) is an investment holding company of a group of leading energy services companies. The Paratus Group is primarily comprised of its ownership of Fontis Energy (held for sale) and a 50/50 JV interest in Seagems. Fontis Energy is an offshore drilling company with a fleet of five high-specification jack-up rigs in Mexico. Seagems is a leading subsea services company  with a fleet of six multi-purpose pipe-laying support vessels in Brazil.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comParatus Energy: Key Information Relating to Q1 2026 Cash Dividend Hamilton  Bermuda  May 29  2026 – Reference is made to the announcement by Paratus Energy News Powered by Cision",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Q1 2026 Cash Dividend', 'Paratus Energy', 'Key Information', 'six multi-purpose pipe-laying support vessels', 'five high-specification jack-up rigs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'leading energy services companies', 'leading subsea services company', 'Paratus Energy Services Ltd.', 'Q1 2026 Cash Dividend Hamilton', 'Euronext Securities Oslo/VPS', '50/50 JV interest', 'investment holding company', 'offshore drilling company', 'The Paratus Group', 'Paratus Energy News', 'Fontis Energy', 'Dividend amount', 'cash distribution', 'Last day', 'disclosure requirements', 'Baton Haxhimehmedi', 'Interim CEO', 'Record date', 'Key Information', 'Payment date', 'Bermuda', 'PRNewswire', 'Reference', 'announcement', 'ticker', 'PLSV', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'NOK', 'currency', 'June', 'Ex-date', 'approval', 'May', 'shares', 'section', 'CFO', 'ownership', 'sale', 'Seagems', 'fleet', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'Cision']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,prnewswire.com
56420,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/paratus-energy-key-information-relating-to-q1-2026-cash-dividend-302785388.html,Paratus Energy: Key Information Relating to Q1 2026 Cash Dividend,"HAMILTON  Bermuda  May 29  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the announcement by Paratus Energy Services Ltd. (ticker ""PLSV"") (""Paratus"" or the ""Company"") today that the Board of Directors has approved a cash dividend to shareholders as specified belo…","HAMILTON  Bermuda  May 29  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the announcement by Paratus Energy Services Ltd. (ticker ""PLSV"") (""Paratus"" or the ""Company"") today that the Board of Directors has approved a cash dividend to shareholders as specified below.Dividend amount: USD 0.22 (approximately NOK 2.03) per shareDeclared currency: USDLast day including right: June 3  2026Ex-date: June 4  2026Record date: June 5  2026Payment date: June 12  2026Date of approval: May 28  2026Payment of cash distribution to shareholders holding shares outside the Euronext Securities Oslo/VPS will be handled manually.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.For further information  please contact:Baton Haxhimehmedi  CFO and Interim CEO[email protected]+47 406 39 083About ParatusParatus Energy Services Ltd. (ticker: PLSV) is an investment holding company of a group of leading energy services companies. The Paratus Group is primarily comprised of its ownership of Fontis Energy (held for sale) and a 50/50 JV interest in Seagems. Fontis Energy is an offshore drilling company with a fleet of five high-specification jack-up rigs in Mexico. Seagems is a leading subsea services company  with a fleet of six multi-purpose pipe-laying support vessels in Brazil.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comParatus Energy: Key Information Relating to Q1 2026 Cash Dividend Hamilton  Bermuda  May 29  2026 – Reference is made to the announcement by Paratus Energy News Powered by CisionSOURCE Paratus Energy Services Ltd",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Q1 2026 Cash Dividend', 'Paratus Energy', 'Key Information', 'six multi-purpose pipe-laying support vessels', 'SOURCE Paratus Energy Services Ltd', 'five high-specification jack-up rigs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'leading energy services companies', 'leading subsea services company', 'Paratus Energy Services Ltd.', 'Q1 2026 Cash Dividend Hamilton', 'Euronext Securities Oslo/VPS', '50/50 JV interest', 'investment holding company', 'offshore drilling company', 'Paratus Energy News', 'The Paratus Group', 'Fontis Energy', 'Dividend amount', 'cash distribution', 'Last day', 'disclosure requirements', 'Baton Haxhimehmedi', 'Interim CEO', 'Record date', 'Key Information', 'Payment date', 'Bermuda', 'PRNewswire', 'Reference', 'announcement', 'ticker', 'PLSV', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'NOK', 'currency', 'June', 'Ex-date', 'approval', 'May', 'shares', 'section', 'CFO', 'ownership', 'sale', 'Seagems', 'fleet', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'Cision']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,prnewswire.com
56421,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303715/0/en/Results-of-the-Ordinary-Shareholders-Meeting.html,Results of the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting,Biotalys publishes the results of its ordinary shareholders' meeting. ...,Ghent  BELGIUM  May 29  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press releaseBiotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrols for sustainable crop protection  held its ordinary shareholders' meeting today at 10:00 CEST at the Company’s seat. The shareholders approved all items on the agenda of the meetings. All documents relating to the shareholders’ meetings can be consulted on the website of the Company. The minutes will be made available in due course.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing precision biocontrol solutions based on proteins for the protection of crops in both the pre- and post-harvest markets. The company provides novel solutions that bridge the efficacy and scale of chemistry with the environmental advantages of biological solutions. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of Investor Relations and CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Results', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'precision biocontrol solutions', 'sustainable crop protection', ""ordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'novel solutions', 'Agricultural Technology', 'biological solutions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'due course', 'post-harvest markets', 'environmental advantages', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Investor Relations', 'shareholders’ meetings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'AgTech) company', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'May', 'Biotalys', 'BTLS', 'seat', 'items', 'agenda', 'documents', 'website', 'minutes', 'proteins', 'crops', 'efficacy', 'scale', 'chemistry', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'Head', 'Communications', '10:00', '9']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56422,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303403/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 21 May 2026 to 27 May 2026  Share Buyback ProgramOn 26 February 2026  Bekaert...,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 21 May 2026 to 27 May 2026Share Buyback ProgramOn 26 February 2026   Bekaert announced the start of the next tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 75 million. As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 21 May 2026 to 27 May 2026  Kepler Cheuvreux SA on behalf of Bekaert has bought 51 190 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the Program during the period from 21 May 2026 to 27 May 2026:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 21 May 2026 Euronext Brussels 6 575 40.80 41.00 40.25 268 260 MTF CBOE 4 726 40.86 41.00 40.60 193 104 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 22 May 2026 Euronext Brussels 6 395 41.20 41.45 40.95 263 474 MTF CBOE 4 311 41.18 41.40 40.95 177 527 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 25 May 2026 Euronext Brussels 6 077 41.73 41.85 41.60 253 593 MTF CBOE 3 923 41.73 41.90 41.55 163 707 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 26 May 2026 Euronext Brussels 7 005 41.78 41.85 41.60 292 669 MTF CBOE 2 995 41.79 41.90 41.70 125 161 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 27 May 2026 Euronext Brussels 6 516 42.02 42.20 41.85 273 802 MTF CBOE 2 667 42.02 42.15 41.80 112 067 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total 51 190 41.48 42.20 40.25 2 123 365Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 25 June 2024   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 600 shares during the period from 21 May 2026 to 27 May 2026 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 3 600 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 21 May 2026 to 27 May 2026:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 21 May 2026 400 40.40 40.60 40.20 16 160 22 May 2026 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 25 May 2026 200 41.50 41.50 41.50 8 300 26 May 2026 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 27 May 2026 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 600 24 460Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 21 May 2026 800 40.90 41.00 40.80 32 720 22 May 2026 1 200 41.06 41.40 40.60 49 272 25 May 2026 400 41.70 41.80 41.60 16 680 26 May 2026 400 41.78 41.80 41.75 16 712 27 May 2026 800 42.03 42.20 41.80 33 624 Total 3 600 149 008The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 20 329 shares.On 27 May 2026 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 063 163 own shares  or 4.07% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.12,0.17,0.71,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total', '104 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', '527 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', '161 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', 'investor relations pages', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Kepler Cheuvreux SA', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', '260 MTF CBOE', '474 MTF CBOE', '669 MTF CBOE', 'May 2026 Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'Date Number', 'Total Amount', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'next tranche', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '51 190 shares', '600 shares', '20 329 shares', '21 May', '27 May', '22 May', '25 May', '26 May', 'Update', '26 February', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'purpose', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '25 June', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '802', '2 063 163']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56423,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303724/0/en/Exosens-Combined-General-Meeting-of-22-May-2026.html,Exosens’ Combined General Meeting of 22 May 2026,EXOSENS’ COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF 22 MAY 2026  Press release  Mérignac (France)  29 May 2026 – The Combined General Meeting (ordinary and extraordinary)...,EXOSENS’ COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF 22 MAY 2026Press release  Mérignac (France)  29 May 2026 – The Combined General Meeting (ordinary and extraordinary) of the shareholders of Exosens (the “Company”) was held on Friday  22 May 2026  chaired by Mr. Jean-Hubert Vial  Chairman of the Board of Directors.The meeting was attended by Mr. Jérôme Cerisier  Chief Executive Officer  Ms. Quynh-Boï Demey  Chief Financial Officer  Ms. Bella Zisère  Human Resources Director  and the Company's Statutory Auditors.HLD Europe and Bpifrance Participations  designated as the shareholders with the largest number of voting rights  acted as scrutineers. Theon  the Company’s second-largest shareholder  who was present  did not wish to take on this role.The General Meeting  convened with a quorum representing 84.68% of the Company’s share capital in respect of ordinary resolutions and 84.55% in respect of extraordinary resolutions  approved all the resolutions submitted to a vote  with the exception of the 14th resolution.Approval of the 2025 financial statementsThe shareholders approved the parent company and consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2025.DividendsThe General Meeting approved the payment of a cash dividend of €0.30 per share  with payment commencing on 29 May 2026.GovernanceThe General Meeting also approved the renewal of the mandates of Mr. Michel Mariton and Ms. Brigitte Geny as directors for a term of four years  i.e.  until the Annual General Meeting convened to approve the financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2029.The presentation  webcast replay of the General Meeting and detailed voting results are available on Exosens’ website (www.exosens.com)  in the Investors section  under Regulated Information  in the General Meeting of Shareholders subsection.About ExosensExosens is a high‐tech company  with more than 85 years of experience in the innovation  development  manufacturing and sale of high‐end electro‐optical technologies in the fields of amplification  detection and imaging. Today  it offers its customers detection components and solutions such as advanced cameras  neutron and gamma detectors  instrument detectors and light intensifier tubes. This allows Exosens to respond to complex issues in extremely demanding environments by offering tailor-made solutions to its customers. Thanks to its sustained investments  Exosens is internationally recognized as a major innovator in optoelectronics  with production and R&D carried out on 12 sites  in Europe and North America  and with over 2 000 employees. Exosens is listed on compartment A of Euronext Paris regulated market (Ticker: EXENS; ISIN: FR001400Q9V2). Exosens is a member of Euronext Tech Leaders segment and is also included in several indices  including SBF 120  CAC All-Tradable  CAC Mid 60  FTSE Total Cap and MSCI France Small Cap. For more information: www.exosens.com.Investor RelationsLaurent Sfaxi  l.sfaxi@exosens.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Exosens’ Combined General Meeting', '22 May', 'high‐end electro‐optical technologies', 'Mr. Jérôme Cerisier', 'Ms. Bella Zisère', 'Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'MSCI France Small Cap', 'EXOSENS’ COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Mr. Jean-Hubert Vial', 'Mr. Michel Mariton', 'FTSE Total Cap', 'Ms. Quynh-Boï Demey', 'Ms. Brigitte Geny', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Human Resources Director', 'high‐tech company', 'Annual General Meeting', 'detailed voting results', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'The General Meeting', 'R&D', 'Euronext Paris', 'voting rights', '2025 financial statements', 'financial year', 'Press release', 'Mérignac', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Bpifrance Participations', 'largest number', 'largest shareholder', '14th resolution', 'cash dividend', 'webcast replay', 'Investors section', 'advanced cameras', 'gamma detectors', 'instrument detectors', 'intensifier tubes', 'complex issues', 'demanding environments', 'sustained investments', 'major innovator', 'North America', 'several indices', 'Investor Relations', 'ordinary resolutions', 'HLD Europe', 'share capital', 'parent company', 'four years', 'Regulated Information', 'detection components', 'tailor-made solutions', 'CAC Mid', 'Laurent Sfaxi', 'Exosens’ website', 'Shareholders subsection', '85 years', '22 MAY', 'Friday', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'scrutineers', 'Theon', 'role', 'quorum', 'respect', 'vote', 'exception', 'Approval', 'Dividends', 'payment', '29 May', 'Governance', 'renewal', 'mandates', 'term', '31 December', 'presentation', 'experience', 'innovation', 'development', 'manufacturing', 'sale', 'fields', 'amplification', 'imaging', 'customers', 'neutron', 'light', 'optoelectronics', 'production', '12 sites', '2,000 employees', 'compartment', 'market', 'Ticker', 'EXENS', 'ISIN', 'member', 'SBF 120', 'Tradable', 'Attachment']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56424,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303381/0/en/Nyrstar-NV-releases-notice-for-the-2025-annual-general-shareholders-meeting-and-an-extraordinary-general-shareholders-meeting-to-be-held-on-30-June-2026.html,Nyrstar NV releases notice for the 2025 annual general shareholders’ meeting and an extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting to be held on 30 June 2026,Regulated Information  Nyrstar NV releases notice for the 2025 annual general shareholders’ meeting and an extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting to...,Regulated InformationNyrstar NV releases notice for the 2025 annual general shareholders’ meeting and an extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting to be held on 30 June 202629 May 2026 at 07.00 CESTNyrstar NV (the “Company”) today issued the notice for the 2025 annual general shareholders’ meeting and an extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting to be held consecutively on 30 June 2026 at 11:00 a.m. CEST.The annual general shareholders’ meeting and extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting will be held physically with no virtual option available. The practical modalities of the meetings are set out in the notice to the meetings which has been published on the Company's website ( https://www.nyrstarnv.be/en/investors/share-and-bondholder-information/shareholder-meetings ).The full notice  including agenda  proposed resolutions and explanatory note can be found on the aforementioned Nyrstar NV website.About Nyrstar NVThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and is listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar NV website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information contact:Company Secretary company.secretary@nyrstarnv.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['2025 annual general shareholders’ meeting', 'extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting', 'Nyrstar NV', 'notice', '30 June 2026', '2025 annual general shareholders’ meeting', 'extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'virtual option', 'practical modalities', 'explanatory note', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Regulated Information', 'full notice', 'Company Secretary', '30 June 2026', 'May', '07.00 CEST', '11:00 a', 'meetings', 'nyrstarnv', 'investors', 'bondholder-information', 'agenda', 'proposed', 'resolutions', 'The', 'Belgium', 'symbol', 'NYR.', 'Attachment']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56425,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303380/0/en/Sequana-Medical-Announces-Presentation-on-Recompensation-of-Decompensated-Cirrhosis-Following-alfapump-Placement-at-EASL-Congress-2026.html,Sequana Medical Announces Presentation on Recompensation of Decompensated Cirrhosis Following alfapump® Placement at EASL Congress 2026,Ghent  Belgium  May 29  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Ghent  Belgium  29 May 2026 - Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA  the “Company” or “Sequana Medical”)  a pioneer in the treatment of drug-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and c…,Ghent  Belgium  May 29  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Post-hoc analysis from the POSEIDON study demonstrates long-term resolution of ascites and early signs of liver function recovery in over 20% of patients with alfapump in situ for over six monthsThis important finding builds upon the virtual elimination of therapeutic paracentesis and an improvement in quality of life in the POSEIDON study previously reported1Ghent  Belgium  29 May 2026 - Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA  the “Company” or “Sequana Medical”)  a pioneer in the treatment of drug-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announced the presentation of data from a post-hoc analysis of the Phase 3 POSEIDON study of alfapump at the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) Congress 2026 in Barcelona  Spain. EASL Congress is one of the world’s premier events dedicated to liver health  bringing together physicians  scientists  and allied health professionals from across the globe to share knowledge and highlight breakthroughs across the full spectrum of hepatology. The poster  titled “Recompensation of decompensated cirrhosis and long-term resolution of ascites in patients undergoing alfapump placement: experience from the multi-centre POSEIDON study ” was presented in the Portal Hypertension session.The alfapump is a subcutaneous implantable device that automatically and continuously moves ascites fluid from the abdominal cavity into the bladder  where it is eliminated naturally  freeing patients from dependence on repeated large-volume paracentesis procedures. Of 48 subjects with a functioning alfapump at six months post-implant  10 achieved recompensation  with a median time to recompensation of 519 days. Key markers of recovery  including declining MELD-Na (Model for End-Stage Liver Disease-Sodium  a standard measure of liver disease severity) scores and rising serum albumin  differentiated those who recompensated from those who did not. Both the Recompensation group (n = 10) and those with Ongoing Decompensation (n = 38) experienced similar post-implant improvements in ascites complaints (Ascites-Q). These findings are preliminary and further data collection is ongoing.Dr. Ethan Weinberg  Associate Professor of Clinical Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania  presenter of the poster and co-investigator on the POSEIDON study  commented: “These findings challenge the assumption that decompensated cirrhosis is an irreversible state. We are seeing objective signals including declining MELD-Na  improving albumin  and sustained resolution of ascites  suggesting that a meaningful proportion of patients may achieve recompensation through long-term ascites control with the alfapump. It is particularly meaningful to see these findings emerge from the POSEIDON study as we are implanting patients with the alfapump commercially at the University of Pennsylvania  bringing this technology directly to the patients who need it.”Dr. Gijs Klarenbeek  Chief Medical Officer of Sequana Medical  added: “By removing the burden of ascites continuously and automatically  we are seeing that the alfapump may create the conditions for patients to recover nutritional status and liver function in ways that have not previously been possible. The similar improvement in quality of life in patients from both the Recompensation and the Ongoing Decompensation groups  as evidenced through the improvement in the Ascites-Q score  demonstrates the important benefits from alfapump implantation in all POSEIDON patients. These clinical findings from our pivotal study come at an exciting time as adoption of the alfapump continues to grow across leading US centers.”The alfapump system received U.S. FDA Premarket Approval in December 2024 for the treatment of recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis. It is the first and currently only U.S.-approved active implantable medical device (Class III) that automatically and continuously removes ascites from the abdomen into the bladder. In August 2025  CMS approved the New Technology Add-on Payment for the alfapump when performed in the hospital inpatient setting  effective October 1  2025.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalInvestor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +44 (0) 797 342 9917Media Relations:Josephine GalatiotoICR HealthcareE: Sequana@icrhealthcare.comT: +1 (332) 242-4388Important Safety InformationIndication for Use: The alfapump® System is intended for single patient use only in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to liver cirrhosis. It is indicated for the removal of excess peritoneal fluid from the peritoneal cavity into the bladder  where it can be eliminated through normal urination.Contraindications: MRI Safety Information: The alfapump® System is MRI unsafe. This diagnostic procedure is contraindicated due to possible movement of the alfapump®  damage to the pump circuitry  tissue damage in the vicinity of the alfapump® and/or catheter dislocation. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy is contraindicated because the environmental conditions entailed in this therapy are out of the defined range of use for the alfapump® System.Warnings  Risks  and Precautions: The implantation of the alfapump® may result in infection that could delay liver transplant or impact transplant listing status. Additional risks associated with implanting the alfapump® System including risk of peritoneal cavity infections/peritonitis  Coagulopathy  Small bladder capacity and/or obstructive uropathy. The following procedures or therapies could impact the alfapump® System function: Supersonic therapy and high-frequency heat therapy  Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation (TENS)  Lithotripsy  Defibrillation  Radiation therapy  Electrocautery  or use of other implantable medical devices and wearable devices.Adverse Events: In addition to procedure related risks the following Adverse Events may occur: pump pocket hematoma  skin erosion  infection  pump migration  catheter clogging or other catheter complications resulting in tissue damage or loss of or change in therapy  genito-urinary complications  reduced kidney function  hepatic encephalopathy  progression of liver disease  and other systemic effects.Caution: the law restricts the sale by or on the order of a physician. Refer to package insert provided with the product for complete Instructions for Use  Contraindications  Potential Adverse Effects  Warnings and Precautions prior to using this product.The alfapump® System is currently not approved in Canada.DSR® therapy is still in development and is currently not approved in any country. The safety and effectiveness of DSR® therapy has not been established.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. This causes major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility. Although diuretics are standard of care  they become ineffective  intolerable or exacerbate the problem in many patients. There are limited effective treatment options  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic resistant” patient population. alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical’s proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  and are intended to deliver major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients  while reducing costs for healthcare systems.The Company received US FDA approval for the alfapump System for the treatment of recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis in December 2024  following the grant of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation in 2019. In Sequana Medical’s POSEIDON study  a landmark study across 18 centers in the US and Canada  the pivotal cohort of 40 patients implanted with the alfapump showed at 6 and 24 months post-implantation the virtual elimination of therapeutic paracentesis and an improvement in quality of life.2 3Sequana Medical is commercializing the alfapump through a specialty commercial team initially targeting US liver transplant centers – 90 of these centers perform more than 90% of US liver transplants annually. In August 2025  CMS announced that it approved the New Technology Add-on Payment for the alfapump when performed in the hospital inpatient setting as of October 1  2025.Results of the Company’s RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies in heart failure published in European Journal of Heart Failure in April 2024 support DSR’s mechanism of action as breaking the vicious cycle of cardiorenal syndrome. All three patients from the non-randomized cohort of MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical study  have been successfully treated with DSR  resulting in a dramatic improvement in diuretic response and virtual elimination of loop diuretic requirements.4 The independent Data Safety Monitoring Board approved the start of the randomized MOJAVE cohort of up to a further 30 patients  which is dependent on securing additional financing.Sequana Medical is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.1 “The Effects of Alfapump on Ascites Control and Quality of Life in Patients with Cirrhosis and Recurrent or Refractory Ascites” American Journal of Gastroenterology. 2025 Oct 1;120 (10):2291-2301.2 Alfapump system SSED (summary of safety and effectiveness) PMA P230044.3 As defined by subjective physical health (assessed by SF-36 PCS) and ascites symptoms (assessed by Ascites Q).4 Data reported in press release of March 25  2024; mean increase of 326% in six-hour urinary sodium excretion at 3 months follow up vs baseline  and 95% reduction of loop diuretics over same period.Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.13,0.4,True,English,"['Sequana Medical', 'Decompensated Cirrhosis', 'alfapump® Placement', 'EASL Congress 2026', 'Presentation', 'Recompensation', 'U.S.-approved active implantable medical device', 'U.S. FDA Premarket Approval', 'subcutaneous implantable device', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Portal Hypertension session', 'Dr. Ethan Weinberg', 'Dr. Gijs Klarenbeek', 'leading US centers', 'hospital inpatient setting', 'Hyperbaric oxygen therapy', 'allied health professionals', 'large-volume paracentesis procedures', 'similar post-implant improvements', 'drug-resistant fluid overload', 'End-Stage Liver Disease-Sodium', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'rising serum albumin', 'Ongoing Decompensation groups', 'New Technology Add', 'single patient use', 'excess peritoneal fluid', 'liver disease severity', 'Important Safety Information', 'MRI Safety Information', 'multi-centre POSEIDON study', 'long-term ascites control', 'liver function recovery', 'The alfapump® System', 'liver health', 'therapeutic paracentesis', 'peritoneal cavity', 'long-term resolution', 'important finding', 'important benefits', 'alfapump system', 'liver cirrhosis', '3 POSEIDON study', 'Post-hoc analysis', 'early signs', 'six months', 'virtual elimination', 'Euronext Brussels', 'heart failure', 'European Association', 'EASL Congress', 'premier events', 'full spectrum', 'decompensated cirrhosis', 'abdominal cavity', 'median time', 'Key markers', 'standard measure', 'Associate Professor', 'Clinical Medicine', 'irreversible state', 'objective signals', 'sustained resolution', 'meaningful proportion', 'nutritional status', 'pivotal study', 'exciting time', 'Class III', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Josephine Galatioto', 'ICR Healthcare', 'normal urination', 'diagnostic procedure', 'possible movement', 'pump circuitry', 'catheter dislocation', 'similar improvement', 'alfapump placement', 'functioning alfapump', 'alfapump implantation', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'declining MELD-Na', 'ascites complaints', 'data collection', 'Ascites-Q score', 'tissue damage', 'POSEIDON patients', 'clinical findings', 'adult patients', 'Recompensation group', 'refractory ascites', 'recurrent ascites', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'situ', 'quality', 'life', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'presentation', 'Phase', 'Barcelona', 'Spain', 'world', 'physicians', 'scientists', 'knowledge', 'breakthroughs', 'hepatology', 'poster', 'experience', 'bladder', 'dependence', 'repeated', '48 subjects', '519 days', 'Model', 'scores', 'University', 'Pennsylvania', 'presenter', 'investigator', 'assumption', 'burden', 'conditions', 'ways', 'adoption', 'December', 'first', 'abdomen', 'August', 'CMS', 'Payment', 'icrhealthcare', 'Indication', 'removal', 'vicinity', '44']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56426,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303392/0/en/WORLDLINE-New-Zealand-payment-activities-divestment-finalised-Press-release.html,WORLDLINE : New Zealand payment activities divestment finalised - Press release,Worldline announces the finalisation of the divestment of its New Zealand payment activities to Cuscal Limited [ASX: CCL]  Paris La Défense  29 May 2026 –...,Worldline announces the finalisation of the divestment ofits New Zealand payment activities to Cuscal Limited [ASX: CCL]Paris La Défense  29 May 2026 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a European leader in payment services  announces it has finalised the divestment of its New Zealand payment activities to Cuscal Limited [ASX: CCL]  for an enterprise value of c.€17M.Worldline’s New Zealand payments business is a key player in New Zealand’s ecosystem  processing c. 70% of all in-store transactions  serving all four major acquirers and ~40 issuers. This activity has been run independently from Worldline’s core European operations. As part of the agreement Worldline will continue to provide technology and software services to Cuscal to ensure business continuity for a transitional period.This transaction marks another milestone in the execution of Worldline’s strategy to sharpen the Group’s focus on payment activities in Europe  streamline operations and optimise resource allocation.For reference  the revenue and Adjusted EBITDA impact of the perimeter on the Group are respectively estimated at c.€35M and c. €12M. The impact on FCF is limited.The combined net cash proceeds1 from all the announced disposals (MeTS  Worldline North America  Cetrel  PaymentIQ  Worldline Merchant Services India  Worldline New Zealand and Worldline Australia) are estimated at €590-640M and should be received in 2026  strengthening the Group’s financial profile  enhancing strategic flexibility and supporting the redeployment of capital towards core activities.As a reminder  Worldline North America  Cetrel and PaymentIQ transactions have already been closed.UPCOMING EVENTSJune 11  2026: Annual General MeetingJuly 30  2026: H1 2026 resultsCONTACTSInvestor relationsCesar ZeitouniE cesar.zeitouni@worldline.comPeter FarrenE peter.farren@worldline.comCommunicationVirginie BonnetE virginie.bonnet@worldline.comAntoine Denry / Wandrille ClermontelE teamworldline@taddeo.frABOUT WORLDLINEWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is Europe's leading operator of critical infrastructure and payment services. With a presence across the entire value chain  the Group offers its customers unique expertise in processing and securing their payments  thereby promoting their growth. Worldline is leveraging its 2030 strategic plan and its technological innovation capabilities to build the European reference payment partner for merchants and financial institutions. With over 1.2 million customers  Worldline achieved €4bn in revenue in 2025. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DISCLAIMERThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviours. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2025 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on March 6  2026  under the filling number: D.26-0071.Revenue organic growth and Adjusted EBITDA improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. Adjusted EBITDA is presented as defined in the 2025 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2026 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 Excluding cash on the balance sheet and inclusive of transaction feesAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['New Zealand payment activities divestment', 'Press release', 'WORLDLINE', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Paris La Défense', 'combined net cash proceeds1', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'New Zealand payment activities', 'European reference payment partner', 'New Zealand payments business', 'Worldline Merchant Services India', 'four major acquirers', 'Annual General Meeting', 'technological innovation capabilities', 'entire value chain', 'leading digital payment', 'Adjusted EBITDA improvement', 'sustainable economic growth', 'Worldline New Zealand', '2025 Universal Registration Document', 'core European operations', 'Worldline North America', 'Adjusted EBITDA impact', 'Revenue organic growth', 'payment services', 'core activities', 'European leader', 'business continuity', 'enterprise value', 'software services', 'leading operator', 'securities laws', 'expected growth', 'key player', 'store transactions', 'transitional period', 'resource allocation', 'financial profile', 'strategic flexibility', 'UPCOMING EVENTS', 'Investor relations', 'Antoine Denry', 'Wandrille Clermontel', 'critical infrastructure', 'unique expertise', '2030 strategic plan', 'financial institutions', 'corporate purpose', 'transactional solutions', 'social transformation', 'market conditions', 'Actual events', 'constant scope', 'exchange rate', 'material differences', 'accounting standards', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'other information', 'historical information', 'information purposes', 'Cuscal Limited', 'forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'PaymentIQ transactions', 'H1 2026 results', '1.2 million customers', 'expected performance', 'filling number', 'Worldline Australia', 'Cesar Zeitouni', 'Peter Farren', 'Virginie Bonnet', 'finalisation', 'divestment', 'ASX', 'CCL', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'ecosystem', '~40 issuers', 'activity', 'agreement', 'technology', 'milestone', 'execution', 'strategy', 'Group', 'focus', 'perimeter', 'FCF', 'disposals', 'MeTS', 'Cetrel', 'redeployment', 'capital', 'reminder', 'June', 'CONTACTS', 'Communication', 'teamworldline', 'taddeo', 'presence', 'processing', 'merchants', 'raison', 'trust', 'security', 'societies', 'DISCLAIMER', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'references', 'profitability', 'factors', 'control', 'Company', 'competitors', 'behaviours', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'plans', 'objectives', 'strategies', 'goals', 'synergies', 'AMF', 'amounts', 'decimal', 'circumstances', 'sum', 'figures', 'subtotals', 'tables', 'disclaims', 'obligation', 'responsibility', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56427,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303797/0/en/Vantage-Drilling-International-Announces-Agreement-to-Merge-with-Eldorado-Drilling-AS.html,Vantage Drilling International Announces Agreement to Merge with Eldorado Drilling AS,Dubai  May 29  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Vantage Drilling International Ltd. (“Vantage Drilling” or the “Company”) announces that it has entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) dated 29 May 2026 with Eldorado Drilling AS (“Parent”…,Dubai  May 29  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Vantage Drilling International Ltd. (“Vantage Drilling” or the “Company”) announces that it has entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) dated 29 May 2026 with Eldorado Drilling AS (“Parent” or “Eldorado”)  a Norwegian private limited company  and Eldorado Drilling Merger Sub Limited  a Bermuda exempted company limited by shares and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”)  pursuant to which Parent will acquire the Company by way of a merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company  with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”).Transaction Highlights• Vantage shareholders to receive US$19.00 per share in cash  representing an equity value of approximately US$257.6 million.• Transaction unanimously approved and recommended to Vantage Drilling’s shareholders by Vantage Drilling’s board of directors.• $125 million of equity committed by Eldorado’s principal shareholder to fund the transaction  including $64 500 000 in cash equity and $60 500 000 in shareholder note conversion.• Shareholder meeting to approve the Merger expected to be held on 18 June 2026.At the effective time of the Merger  each ordinary share of the Company  par value US$0.001 per share  that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time  other than any shares owned by the Company  Parent or their respective subsidiaries or shares with respect to which dissenters’ rights have been validly perfected  will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive US$19.00 in cash  payable in NOK to holders in VPS and USD to holders in DTC  in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement and without interest. Based on the 13 559 071 shares of the Company issued and outstanding as of the date hereof  the merger consideration implies an equity value of approximately US$257.6 million before taking into account Company RSUs.The board of directors of the Company has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the other transaction documents  determined that their terms are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders  and unanimously resolved to recommend that the shareholders of the Company adopt and vote in favour of the transaction resolutions to be considered at the Company's shareholders meeting. In connection with its determination  the board of directors of the Company has received a fairness opinion from Clarksons Securities AS  as financial adviser to the Company  stating that  as of the date of the opinion and subject to the assumptions  limitations and qualifications set out therein  the per share merger consideration is fair from a financial point of view to the Company shareholders.The Merger will be implemented as a statutory merger under Bermuda law  with Vantage Drilling as the surviving company and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent following completion. The name of the surviving company will remain Vantage Drilling International Ltd.Completion of the Merger is subject to customary closing conditions as set out in the Merger Agreement  including receipt of the required shareholder approval and the absence of any applicable law issued by a governmental authority in a key jurisdiction that makes the Merger illegal or otherwise prevents or prohibits its consummation. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to complete the Merger are also subject to additional conditions under the Merger Agreement  including compliance by the Company with its covenants  the accuracy of the Company’s representations and warranties  dissenting shares not exceeding 10% of the issued and outstanding Company shares  indebtedness not exceeding US$0 and cash and cash equivalents being not less than the applicable cash floor  and receipt of certain consents and other documentary deliverables. The obligations of the Company to complete the Merger are subject to additional conditions under the Merger Agreement  including compliance by Parent and Merger Sub with their covenants and the accuracy of Parent’s representations and warranties. The Company shareholders meeting to approve the Merger is expected to be held on 18 June 2026. Subject to satisfaction of the closing conditions set out in the Merger Agreement (including receipt of the required shareholder approval)  the Company expects the Merger to be completed at the beginning of the third quarter of 2026.The merger consideration for eligible securities held through Euronext Securities Oslo will be paid in NOK based on the USD/NOK exchange rate quoted by Norges Bank as its official noon fixing rate two business days immediately preceding the closing date. Following completion of the Merger  the Company will apply for its shares to be delisted from Euronext Growth Oslo as promptly as practicable.The principal shareholder of Eldorado has committed to provide $125 million of equity funding support for the transaction  consisting of a $64 500 000 equity commitment to be funded with cash and $60 500 000 through the conversion of an existing shareholder note into equity of Eldorado  which is intended to free up proceeds of Eldorado’s anticipated debt financing that will be used to consummate the Merger. The principal shareholder of Eldorado is also the guarantor under the Merger Agreement.The Merger Agreement was negotiated and entered into following a comprehensive process conducted by the board of directors of the Company with the assistance of its financial and legal advisors.“We are excited to join forces with Eldorado ” said Ihab Toma  Chief Executive Officer of Vantage Drilling. “Our teams share a commitment to safety  operational excellence  and customer success. This transaction strengthens our ability to invest in our people and assets  pursue high‑quality opportunities across regions  and maintain the standards our customers expect.”“Today’s announcement marks an important step in building a scaled  resilient offshore drilling platform ” said Bernie Wolford  Chairman of Eldorado. “By combining Vantage Drilling’s global operating capabilities and long‑term customer relationships with Eldorado’s investment program  we believe we can deliver enhanced solutions for customers  accelerate growth opportunities  and create lasting value.”Further information regarding the Merger will be released by the Company on the Euronext Oslo information platform and distributed to the Company shareholders in accordance with the Merger Agreement in connection with the notice of the shareholders meeting of the Company to approve the Merger. Shareholders are encouraged to read such information and all related materials carefully when they become available  as they will contain important information regarding the Merger and the Merger Agreement.Clarksons Securities AS is acting as financial advisor to the Company. Milbank LLP  Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS and Conyers Dill & Pearman Limited are acting as legal counsels to the Company. Fearnley Securities AS is acting as financial advisor to Eldorado Drilling AS  and Baker Botts L.L.P.  Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS and Appleby (Bermuda) Limited and Appleby (Cayman) Ltd. are acting as legal counsel to Eldorado Drilling AS.This information is considered to be inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. This announcement was published by Alaric Harrell on behalf of Vantage Drilling International Ltd. on 29 May 2026 at 9:45 p.m. CEST.About Vantage DrillingVantage  a Bermuda exempted company  is an offshore drilling contractor. Vantage's primary business is to contract drilling units  related equipment and work crews primarily on a dayrate basis to drill oil and natural gas wells globally for major  national and independent oil and gas companies. Vantage also markets  operates and provides management services in respect of third party-owned drilling units. For more information about the Company  please refer to the Company’s website  www.vantagedrilling.com.Important informationThis announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. This announcement is not intended as investment advice and should not be relied upon in substitution for the exercise of independent judgement. The distribution of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions  and persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.This announcement contains forward-looking statements  including statements regarding the Merger  the expected timing and completion of the Merger  the expected shareholder approval process  expected settlement procedures  expected delisting and other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and are subject to risks  uncertainties and contingencies  including the risk that the Merger may not be completed within the expected timeframe or at all  the risk that required approvals or conditions may not be obtained or satisfied  and other risks affecting Vantage Drilling and the offshore drilling industry. Vantage Drilling does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements  except as required by applicable law.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['Vantage Drilling International', 'Eldorado Drilling AS', 'Agreement', 'official noon fixing rate', 'Norwegian private limited company', 'Eldorado Drilling Merger Sub Limited', 'Vantage Drilling International Ltd', 'USD/NOK exchange rate', 'other documentary deliverables', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Clarksons Securities AS', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'equity funding support', 'other transaction documents', 'customary closing conditions', 'shareholder note conversion', 'applicable cash floor', 'Bermuda exempted company', 'share merger consideration', 'outstanding Company shares', 'The Company shareholders', 'eligible securities', 'Bermuda law', 'applicable law', 'Vantage shareholders', 'additional conditions', 'The Merger', 'principal shareholder', 'Shareholder meeting', 'shareholder approval', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'equity value', 'effective time', 'par value', 'respective subsidiaries', 'dissenters’ rights', 'best interests', 'financial adviser', 'financial point', 'governmental authority', 'key jurisdiction', 'third quarter', 'Norges Bank', '$64,500,000 equity commitment', 'existing sharehold', 'ordinary share', 'statutory merger', 'shareholders meeting', 'Transaction Highlights', 'transaction resolutions', 'closing date', 'Merger Agreement', 'cash equity', 'cash equivalents', 'Company RSUs', 'fairness opinion', 'surviving company', '13,559,071 shares', 'Dubai', 'Plan', 'Parent', 'subsidiary', 'way', 'board', 'directors', '18 June', 'VPS', 'DTC', 'accordance', 'terms', 'account', 'favour', 'connection', 'determination', 'assumptions', 'limitations', 'qualifications', 'per', 'view', 'completion', 'name', 'receipt', 'absence', 'consummation', 'obligations', 'compliance', 'covenants', 'accuracy', 'representations', 'warranties', 'indebtedness', 'consents', 'satisfaction', 'beginning']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56428,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303430/0/en/Laurent-Perrier-Financial-Press-Release-Annual-results-2025-2026.html,Laurent-Perrier: Financial Press Release - Annual results 2025-2026,Laurent-Perrier GroupTours-sur-Marne  29 May 2026           Financial press releaseResults for the financial year 2025-2026  Laurent-Perrier: Increase in...,Laurent-Perrier Group Tours-sur-Marne  29 May 2026Financial press releaseResults for the financial year 2025-2026Laurent-Perrier: Increase in annual results andmaintenance of a high level of profitabilityThe financial statements for the 2025-2026 financial year  ended 31 March 2026  were approved by the Management Board at its meeting held on 27 May 2026 and reviewed on the same day by the Supervisory Board  chaired by Mr Patrick THOMAS.Key consolidated audited financial data :In millions of eurosAs at 31 March 2026 Financial year2024-2025(1 April 2024 -31 March 2025) Financial year2025-2026(1 April 2025 -31 March 2026) Change vsFY N-1 Champagne sales 282.9 294.8 + 4.20% Group revenue 294.4 303.8 + 3.18% Operating profit 74.4 76.1 + 2.24% Operating margin % (*) 26.3% 25.8% - 0.5 pts Net profit attributable to the Group 47.4 49.5 + 4.52% Earnings per share (in Euros) €8.02 €8.45 + €0.43 Operating cash flow (**) - 11.2 24.5 + 35.7* Margin calculated on champagne sales only** Cash flow from operations - net investmentsCommenting on the annual results  Mr Stéphane Dalyac  Chairman of the Management Board  stated:“In a complex and volatile market environment  the Group recorded growth in both revenue and annual operating profit in 2025-2026  with operating profit reaching €76.1 million.Supported by the strength of our fundamentals - namely the quality of our Champagnes  control over our distribution and the investments made to support our brands - we continue to demonstrate the resilience of our value-driven model  once again maintaining a high level of operating margin.The Laurent-Perrier Group therefore remains firmly committed to its strategy  continuing to rely on the excellence of its Champagnes  the quality of its teams  the strength of its brands and the control of its distribution.”Revenue trends:During the period from 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026  the global champagne market recorded a decline in volumes of -1.6% compared with the previous financial year.Against this backdrop  the Group achieved a +3.8% increase in sales volumes over the same period compared with the previous financial year.Group revenue (champagne sales) for the financial year increased by +4.2% to reach €294.8 million at current exchange rates.Profit trends:During the period from 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026  the Group continued to invest in the long-term development of its brands. This investment in enhancing the value of sales enabled the Group to maintain a high level of operating margin rate of 25.8% at current exchange rates.Net profit attributable to the Group amounted to €49.5 million at current exchange rates  representing 16.3% of the Group’s consolidated revenue.Changes in operating cash flow and financial structureOperating cash flow amounted to +€24.5 million for the 2025-2026 financial year  compared with -€11.2 million in the previous financial year. This increase of €35.7 million was mainly attributable to the strong level of business activity and the controlled management of inventories and receivables.The consolidated balance sheet items as at 31 March 2026 once again demonstrate the strength of the Group’s financial structure. Equity attributable to the Group amounted to €668.8 million and net debt (*) stood at €207.9 million  including cash and cash equivalents of €54.3 million. As a result  gearing remained at an excellent level of 0.31  compared with 0.35 as at 31 March 2025.(*) Net debt: non-current financial liabilities and other non-current liabilities + current financial liabilities - cash and cash equivalentsOutlook:At a time marked by major geopolitical and economic uncertainties  the Laurent-Perrier Group is continuing to implement its business plan with vigilance and confidence  while maintaining its value-driven strategy  built around four essential pillars:A unique business dedicated to the creation of exceptional Champagnes A portfolio of renowned and complementary brands High-quality sourcing supported by a strong partnership policy And a well-controlled global distribution.Laurent-Perrier is one of the rare family groups of champagne houses which is listed on the stock market  and which is exclusively dedicated to champagne  and focused on the high-end market. It has a large product portfolio renowned for its quality  based around the Laurent-Perrier  Salon  Delamotte and Champagne de Castellane brands.ISIN code: FR 0006864484Bloomberg: LPE:FPReuters: LPER.PA Laurent-Perrier belongs to compartment B of Euronext. Main index CAC All SharesIt is included in the composition of the EnterNext© indices PEA-PME 150 andEuronext® FAMILY BUSINESS.Nathalie DUBECQLaurent-Perrier GroupTelephone: +33 3 26 58 91 22The audit procedures relating to the consolidated accounts for the 2025-2026 financial year have been carried outby the statutory auditors (KPMG and PwC) and the audit report is being issued.All the financial data will soon be published on the Laurent-Perrier Group's financial website:https://www.finance-groupelp.com/AppendicesAnalysis of champagne revenueFinancial year 2025-2026(1 April 2025 - 31 March 2026) Champagne revenue (€m) 294.8 Change in % vs. FY N-1 Total change + 4.2% o/w volume effect + 3.8% o/w price/mix effect + 1.4% o/w exchange rate effect 1.0%Consolidated balance sheet itemsGroup - €m As at31 March 2025 As at31 March 2026 Equity attributableto the Group 627.3 668.8 Net debt 220.2 207.9 Inventories and work-in-progress 679.3 701.2Financial calendarAnnual General Meeting: 16 July 2026 at 4:00 p.m. in Reims  Hôtel de la Paix  9 rue BuiretteHalf-year results for the 2026-2027 financial year: End of November 2026 (date to be confirmed)Domaine Laurent-Perrier - 51150 Tours-sur-Marne – FranceTél : 33 (0) 3 26 58 91 22 – Fax : 33 (0) 3 26 58 77 29Laurent-Perrier  S.A. A Directoire et Conseil de Surveillance au capital de 22 594 271 80 EurosR.C.S. Reims b 335680096 - siret 335 680 096 00021 – APE 6420ZChampagne Laurent-Perrier – Champagne Salon – Champagne Delamotte – Champagne de CastellaneAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.21,0.13,True,English,"['Financial Press Release', 'Annual results', 'Laurent-Perrier', 'Mr Stéphane Dalyac', 'consolidated balance sheet items', 'Financial press release Results', 'FY N-1 Champagne sales', 'Champagne de Castellane brands', 'Nathalie DUBECQ Laurent-Perrier Group', 'Mr Patrick THOMAS', 'current exchange rates', 'other non-current liabilities', 'four essential pillars', 'rare family groups', 'CAC All Shares', 'non-current financial liabilities', 'volatile market environment', 'strong partnership policy', '2025-2026 financial year', 'previous financial year', 'large product portfolio', 'cash equivalents Outlook', 'global champagne market', 'operating margin rate', 'Operating cash flow', 'Euronext® FAMILY BUSINESS', 'annual operating profit', 'Laurent-Perrier Group Tours', 'The Laurent-Perrier Group', '31 March 2026 Financial year', 'annual results', 'consolidated accounts', 'financial statements', 'financial data', 'financial structure', 'financial webs', 'champagne houses', 'strong level', 'stock market', 'high-end market', 'consolidated revenue', 'business activity', 'business plan', 'unique business', 'Net profit', 'Profit trends', 'PA Laurent-Perrier', 'high level', 'Management Board', 'same day', 'Supervisory Board', 'value-driven model', 'long-term development', 'controlled management', 'net debt', 'excellent level', 'major geopolitical', 'economic uncertainties', 'High-quality sourcing', 'ISIN code', 'compartment B', 'Main index', 'EnterNext© indices', 'audit procedures', 'statutory auditors', 'audit report', 'global distribution', 'Revenue trends', 'complementary brands', 'sales volumes', 'net investments', 'value-driven strategy', 'Group revenue', 'same period', 'exceptional Champagnes', 'Marne', '29 May', 'Increase', 'maintenance', 'profitability', 'meeting', '27 May', 'Key', 'millions', 'euros', 'April', 'Earnings', 'operations', 'Chairman', 'complex', 'growth', 'strength', 'fundamentals', 'resilience', 'excellence', 'teams', 'decline', 'backdrop', 'Changes', 'inventories', 'receivables', 'Equity', 'gearing', 'time', 'vigilance', 'confidence', 'creation', 'renowned', 'Salon', 'Delamotte', 'FR', 'Bloomberg', 'LPE', 'FP', 'Reuters', 'composition', 'PEA-PME', 'Telephone', 'KPMG', 'PwC', '0.5', '4.5']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56429,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303825/0/en/Safe-Bulkers-Inc-Announces-Availability-of-2025-Sustainability-Report.html,Safe Bulkers  Inc. Announces Availability of 2025 Sustainability Report,MONACO  May 29  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Safe Bulkers  Inc. (the “Company”) (NYSE: SB)  an international provider of marine drybulk transportation services  announced today that the Company’s 2025 Sustainability Report is available for download and can be acc…,MONACO  May 29  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Safe Bulkers  Inc. (the “Company”) (NYSE: SB)  an international provider of marine drybulk transportation services  announced today that the Company’s 2025 Sustainability Report is available for download and can be accessed from its website using the link provided below.The 2025 Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines  'in accordance with the GRI Standards'  and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) recommendation for maritime transport  alongside additional indicators that are materially important to the Company and its stakeholders. The report is available for download and can be accessed from the Company's website using the link: www.safebulkers.com/sustainability2025Dr. Loukas Barmparis  President of the Company commented: “Our 2025 Sustainability Report provides a comprehensive overview of our environmental  social and governance (“ESG”) initiatives and performance. The report reflects our continued commitment to proactively managing environmental risks  supporting the communities in which we operate  and strengthening our governance framework in line with evolving regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations.”About Safe Bulkers  Inc.The Company is an international provider of marine drybulk transportation services  transporting bulk cargoes  particularly coal  grain and iron ore  along worldwide shipping routes for some of the world’s largest users of marine drybulk transportation services. The Company’s common stock  series C preferred stock and series D preferred stock are listed on the NYSE  and trade under the symbols “SB”  “SB.PR.C”  and “SB.PR.D”  respectively.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended) concerning future events. Words such as “expects ” “intends ” “plans ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “hopes ” “estimates” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  no assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct. These statements involve known and unknown risks and are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies  business disruptions due to natural disasters or other events  many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include factors listed from time to time in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and published through announcements on Euronext Athens and the Company’s website. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertakings to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company’s expectations with respect thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based.For further information please contact:Company Contact:Dr. Loukas BarmparisPresidentSafe Bulkers  Inc.Tel.: +30 2 111 888 400Fax: +30 2 111 878 500E-Mail: directors@safebulkers.comInvestor Relations / Media Contact:Nicolas Bornozis  PresidentCapital Link  Inc.230 Park Avenue  Suite 1536New York  N.Y. 10169Tel.: (212) 661-7566Fax: (212) 661-7526E-Mail: safebulkers@capitallink.comAnna WichmannCapital Link AthensTel +30-210-6109-800E-Mail: safebulkers@capitallink.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Safe Bulkers', '2025 Sustainability Report', 'Availability', 'Anna Wichmann Capital Link Athens', 'marine drybulk transportation services', 'series C preferred stock', 'series D preferred stock', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'GRI) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines', 'Dr. Loukas Barmparis President', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'President Capital Link', 'evolving regulatory requirements', 'worldwide shipping routes', 'The 2025 Sustainability Report', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'GRI Standards', 'Euronext Athens', 'common stock', 'Securities Act', 'Exchange Commission', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Safe Bulkers', 'international provider', 'SASB) recommendation', 'maritime transport', 'additional indicators', 'comprehensive overview', 'environmental, social', 'ESG”) initiatives', 'continued commitment', 'environmental risks', 'bulk cargoes', 'iron ore', 'largest users', 'press release', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'significant uncertainties', 'business disruptions', 'natural disasters', 'Actual results', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Contact', 'Nicolas Bornozis', '230 Park Avenue', 'New York', 'N.Y.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'future events', 'other events', 'The Company', 'governance framework', 'Company Contact', 'stakeholder expectations', 'MONACO', 'Inc.', 'NYSE', 'download', 'website', 'accordance', 'stakeholders', 'safebulkers', 'sustainability2025', 'performance', 'communities', 'coal', 'grain', 'symbols', 'SB.', 'Words', 'expects', 'plans', 'believes', 'hopes', 'estimates', 'variations', 'assurance', 'number', 'assumptions', 'contingencies', 'control', 'Factors', 'filings', 'announcements', 'obligations', 'undertakings', 'updates', 'revisions', 'respect', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'information', 'Tel.', 'Fax', 'directors', 'Suite', 'capitallink']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56430,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303382/0/en/Prosafe-SE-First-quarter-results-2026.html,Prosafe SE: First-quarter results 2026,(Figures in brackets refer to the corresponding period last year)  29 May 2026 – Prosafe SE reported EBITDA of USD 14.8 million (USD 4.6 million) for the...,(Figures in brackets refer to the corresponding period last year)29 May 2026 – Prosafe SE reported EBITDA of USD 14.8 million (USD 4.6 million) for the first quarter of 2026. All the company’s five vessels generated revenue in the quarter. Safe Eurus and Safe Boreas were on hire for the full period while Safe Zephyrus and Safe Notos commenced five year-special periodic surveys (SPS) in early March. Safe Caledonia completed its contract in the UK on 22 February.Operations and HSSE79% fleet utilisation  good operating and safety performanceBacklog of USD 403 million incl. options at end Q1Safe Caledonia LOI transitioned into firm contract in MayFinancialsRevenues of USD 48.1 million (USD 33.0 million) and EBITDA of USD 14.8 million (USD 4.6 million)Cash flow from operations of USD 54.7 million (USD 28.6 million)Liquidity position of USD 87.4 million (USD 54.0 million)NIBD of USD 210.3 million (USD 364.3 million)Market and outlookAll vessels contracted into 2027Strong global market led by Brazil and Africa  with recent and ongoing tendersFull-year 2026 EBITDA expectation maintained in the range of USD 45-55 millionPlease see the first quarter 2026 presentation for further details.Reese McNeel  CEO of Prosafe  says  “The accommodation market continues to develop positively with recent awards and high tendering activity. We are very pleased with the execution of the Safe Zephyrus and Safe Notos SPS and maintenance projects and continue to strengthen our backlog with the Safe Caledonia contract firmed up. We have our full attention on adding backlog beyond 2027 at terms reflecting the improved market conditions. Together with continued safe and cost-efficient operations  this will support long-term earnings growth and value creation.”PresentationReese McNeel  CEO  and Halvdan Kielland  CFO  will on 01 June 2026 at 10:00 a.m. CEST host a webcast and Q&A  which can be followed at www.prosafe.com (http://www.prosafe.com).It will be possible to ask questions by using the Q&A tool embedded in the webcast. A replay of the webcast will be made available on Prosafe's website shortly after the presentation.The Q1 2026 press release and presentation are attached and available at https://www.prosafe.com and www.newsweb.no (https://www.newsweb.no).Prosafe is a leading owner and operator of semi-submersible accommodation vessels. The company is listed on the Euronext Oslo Børs with ticker code PRS. For more information  please refer to www.prosafe.com (http://www.prosafe.com).For further information  please contact:Reese McNeel  CEOPhone: +47 415 08 186This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This release contains forward-looking statements based on current assumptions and forecasts made by the Group. Various known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors could lead to material differences between the actual future results  financial situation  development or performance of the Group and the estimates given here.Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Prosafe SE', 'First-quarter results', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'five year-special periodic surveys', 'The Q1 2026 press release', 'high tendering activity', 'long-term earnings growth', 'actual future results', 'Strong global market', 'Safe Caledonia LOI', 'Full-year 2026 EBITDA expectation', 'Q&A tool', 'semi-submersible accommodation vessels', 'Safe Caledonia contract', 'Safe Notos SPS', 'first quarter 2026 presentation', 'five vessels', 'accommodation market', 'Safe Eurus', 'Safe Boreas', 'Safe Zephyrus', 'corresponding period', 'full period', 'early March', '79% fleet utilisation', 'good operating', 'firm contract', 'Cash flow', 'Liquidity position', 'ongoing tenders', 'Reese McNeel', 'maintenance projects', 'full attention', 'market conditions', 'value creation', 'Halvdan Kielland', 'leading owner', 'ticker code', 'disclosure requirements', 'forward-looking statements', 'current assumptions', 'Various known', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'material differences', 'financial situation', 'safety performance', 'recent awards', 'cost-efficient operations', 'Prosafe SE', '10:00 a', 'Figures', 'brackets', 'May', 'company', 'revenue', 'hire', 'UK', '22 February', 'HSSE', 'Backlog', 'USD', 'options', 'Financials', 'NIBD', 'outlook', 'Brazil', 'Africa', 'range', 'details', 'CEO', 'execution', 'terms', 'CFO', '01 June', 'CEST', 'webcast', 'questions', 'replay', 'website', 'newsweb', 'operator', 'PRS', 'information', 'Phone', 'Section', 'forecasts', 'Group', 'uncertainties', 'development', 'estimates', 'Attachments']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56431,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303662/0/en/Ipsos-announces-the-creation-of-an-Advisory-Board-chaired-by-Eileen-Campbell.html,Ipsos announces the creation of an Advisory Board chaired by Eileen Campbell,Ipsos announces the creation of an Advisory Board chaired by Eileen Campbell  Paris  29 May 2026 - Ipsos is pleased to announce the creation of an Advisory...,Ipsos announces the creation ofan Advisory Boardchaired by Eileen CampbellParis  29 May 2026 - Ipsos is pleased to announce the creation of an Advisory Board  a new independent body advising the Board of Directors and executive leadership on the long-term trends reshaping the insights industry  from the acceleration of artificial intelligence and the evolution of client expectations to the competitive dynamics of a rapidly changing market. This Advisory Board will bring an outside-in perspective and provide thinking and insights to the company's growth strategy  at the time where Ipsos is launching its Horizons plan to build an “Augmented Ipsos”.The Board of Directors has appointed Eileen Campbell as Chair. A recognised figure in the global insights industry  Ms. Campbell served as Global CEO of Millward Brown and Chief Marketing Officer of IMAX  bringing both client and agency side perspective to the Advisory Board. Recruitment of Advisory Board members is now underway  with the first group expected to be confirmed in the coming weeks. It will be composed of AI and technology experts  experienced client-side leaders  and science  economic and geopolitical thought leaders.Laurence Stoclet  President of the Ipsos Board of Directors  commented: “The creation of an Advisory Board reflects Ipsos’ ambition to lead in an industry being reshaped by rapid change. Eileen brings credibility  deep industry expertise  and a truly independent perspective. I am confident that the Advisory Board will be a valuable asset as we shape the next chapter of our leadership in this new era”.Eileen Campbell  Chair of the Ipsos Advisory Board added: “Ipsos has built a unique position in the global insights industry through its rigour  independence and international scale. I am honoured to chair this Advisory Board and to help bring an external  forward-looking and scientific perspective to Ipsos’ strategy and ambitions”.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operatingin 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120  Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FPwww.ipsos.com35 rue du Val de Marne75 628 Paris  Cedex 13 FranceTel. +33 1 41 98 90 00Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,True,English,"['Advisory Board', 'Eileen Campbell', 'Ipsos', 'creation', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'curious research professionals', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Val de Marne', 'geopolitical thought leaders', 'largest market research', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'deep industry expertise', 'new independent body', 'agency side perspective', 'Advisory Board members', 'global insights industry', 'Ipsos Advisory Board', 'Global CEO', 'changing market', 'client-side leaders', 'independent perspective', 'new era', 'unique position', 'The Board', 'long-term trends', 'artificial intelligence', 'competitive dynamics', 'Horizons plan', 'recognised figure', 'Ms. Campbell', 'Millward Brown', 'first group', 'coming weeks', 'technology experts', 'science, economic', 'Laurence Stoclet', 'rapid change', 'valuable asset', 'next chapter', 'international scale', 'external, forward-looking', 'scientific perspective', 'polling companies', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', '75 business solutions', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'Eileen Campbell', 'executive leadership', 'client expectations', 'growth strategy', 'Ipsos Board', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ipsos’ ambition', 'creation', 'Directors', 'acceleration', 'evolution', 'outside', 'thinking', 'company', 'time', 'Augmented', 'Chair', 'IMAX', 'Recruitment', 'President', 'credibility', 'rigour', 'independence', 'ambitions', '90 markets', '20,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'employees', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', '5,000 clients', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'part', 'SRD', '35 rue', 'Cedex', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '33']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56432,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/05/29/3303652/0/en/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-s-as-at-30-April-2026.html,Volta Finance Limited Net Asset Value(s) as at 30 April 2026,xVolta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS)April 2026 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES ...,"xVolta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS)April 2026 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATESGuernsey  May 29th  2026BNPP AM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for April 2026. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).Performance and Portfolio ActivityDear Investors Volta Finance posted a net return of +3.9% for the month of April 2026. For comparison  US High Yield bonds returned +1.7%*** and Euro High Yield bonds achieved +1.9%**** over the same period  while the Morningstar Leveraged Loan indices returned +1.3%*** in the US and +1.9%**** in Europe.April experienced a significant rebound across risk assets following March’s volatility  driven by narrower credit spreads  stronger equity markets  and higher secondary loan prices. Nonetheless  the recovery was uneven. The macroeconomic environment continued to be influenced by the US-Iran conflict  oil price fluctuations and a cautious stance from central banks  which kept interest rates steady whilst monitoring inflation risks. Indeed  the Federal Reserve  ECB  BOJ  and BOE all maintained their policy rates at current levels at the end of April  as rising energy prices kept inflation concerns very much topical. In the US  Q1 GDP grew at an annualized rate of 2.0%  but only 0.3% when excluding IT hardware  software  and R&D investments  underscoring the economy’s reliance on technology-related capital expenditures.Looking at Credit markets  the rebound was significant over the month: the Morningstar LSTA US Leveraged Loan Index rose by +1.3% - its best monthly performance in nearly a year - bringing the year-to-date return to +1.1%. However  here as well the performance masked significant dispersion: prices of performing loans excluding Software-related ones increased to c. 97.00px  whereas Software loans remained stuck much lower in the 88.00px context. Despite a +0.86% gain in April  software loans were still down over -5pts for the year. In Europe  the rebound was also notable  with the ELLI index increasing by +1.9% over the month.Direct consequence of the stronger momentum was an acceleration of CLO Primary issuance  both in the US and in Europe. Tighter liability discount margins were supportive to Equity & CLO formation  and we noted a sensible improvement in CLO arbitrage conditions  especially in Europe. Spreads tightened across rating  although the “belly” of the capital structure saw the most significant moves relative to their spread levels with single-As & BBBs moving in by c. 40bps. BBs and single-Bs also moved in respectively in the mid 500bps and high 800bps  therefore supporting the fund’s monthly performance. CLO equity distributions also increased in April  following the historical low levels reached in Q1 2026.In terms of activity  the fund is committed into several warehouses that have gradually ramped-up assets. We increased our exposure to an existing CLO equity position from a tier one US CLO manager through a secondary purchase (+ $3.2m in proceeds) and one of the fund investments was reset.In terms of performance breakdown  Volta’s CLO Equity tranches returned +6.2%** while CLO Debt tranches returned +2.8% performance**. The fund generated more than EUR 18 million in interest proceeds over the last six months.As of end of April 2026  Volta’s NAV* was €246.5m  i.e. €6.74 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 1.99% of Volta’s NAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The equivalent % proportions of Volta’s NAV as of 31 March 2026 and 28 February 2026 were 1.92% and 0.07%  respectively.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.*** These figures are presented in USD. Source: BNPP AM – Bloomberg – Morningstar – April 30th  2026**** These figures are presented in EUR. Source: BNPP AM – Bloomberg – Morningstar – April 30th  2026CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerBNP Paribas Asset Management EuropeOlivier PonsOlivier.pons@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 87 30Matthieu LaurenceMatthieu.laurence@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 88 82Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 850Corporate BrokerCavendish Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed BNP Paribas Asset Management Europe an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****This press release is published by BNP Paribas Asset Management Europe (“BNPP AM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by BNPP AM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. BNPP AM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by BNPP AM. The historical success or BNPP AM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the BNPP AM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Europe  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at 1 boulevard Haussmann - 75009 Paris  registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 319 378 832  and a Portfolio Management Company  holder of AMF approval no. GP 96002  issued on 19 April 1996.*****",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.05,0.72,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited Net Asset Value', '30 April', 'Morningstar LSTA US Leveraged Loan Index', 'tier one US CLO manager', 'BNP Paribas Asset Management Europe', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'Morningstar Leveraged Loan indices', 'Tighter liability discount margins', 'Euro High Yield bonds', 'US High Yield bonds', 'higher secondary loan prices', 'existing CLO equity position', 'CLO Primary issuance', 'CLO arbitrage conditions', 'CLO Debt tranches', 'CLO equity distributions', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'last six months', 'residual currency effects', 'rising energy prices', 'technology-related capital expenditures', 'historical low levels', 'oil price fluctuations', 'Olivier Pons Olivier', 'stronger equity markets', 'R&D investments', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'narrower credit spreads', 'best monthly performance', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'April 2026 monthly report', 'ELLI index', 'asset classes', 'Investment Manager', 'high 800bps', 'CLO formation', 'Credit markets', 'secondary purchase', 'stronger momentum', 'capital structure', 'full report', 'current levels', 'spread levels', 'UNITED STATES', 'May 29th', 'BNPP AM', 'Dear Investors', 'net return', 'macroeconomic environment', 'US-Iran conflict', 'cautious stance', 'central banks', 'interest rates', 'inflation risks', 'Federal Reserve', 'inflation concerns', 'annualized rate', 'IT hardware', 'significant dispersion', '88.00px context', 'Direct consequence', 'sensible improvement', 'significant moves', 'mid 500bps', 'several warehouses', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'equivalent % proportions', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'same period', 'date return', 'performance breakdown', 'month-end date', 'period ends', 'policy rates', 'Q1 GDP', 'interest proceeds', 'Company Secretary', 'risk assets', 'up assets', 'Software loans', 'significant rebound', 'NAV information', 'Portfolio Activity', 'Matthieu Laurence', 'fund investments', '+2.8% performance', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'THE', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'comparison', 'March', 'volatility', 'recovery', 'ECB', 'BOJ', 'BOE', 'economy', 'reliance', 'year', 'Software-related', '+0.86% gain', 'acceleration', 'rating', 'single-As', 'BBBs', '40bps', 'single-Bs', 'terms', 'exposure', 'share', 'basis', '28 February', 'performances', 'Dietz-performance', 'bucket', 'account', 'payments', 'changes', 'figures', 'USD', 'Source', 'Bloomberg', 'CONTACTS', 'axa', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', '0.0', '44']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,globenewswire.com
56433,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.emerce.nl/wire/cmcom-appoints-valentijn-rensing-as-supervisory-board-member,CM.com appoints Valentijn Rensing as Supervisory Board member,Breda  the Netherlands  29 May 2026 – CM.com (Euronext Amsterdam: CMCOM)  a global Conversational Commerce platform  today announces the appointment […],Breda  the Netherlands  29 May 2026 – CM.com (Euronext Amsterdam: CMCOM)  a global Conversational Commerce platform  today announces the appointment of Valentijn Rensing to the Supervisory Board.With this appointment  the Supervisory Board is extended to six members: Jacques van den Broek (Chair)  Mariken Tannemaat (Vice-Chair)  Joëlle Frijters  Diederik Karsten  Stephan Nanninga and Valentijn Rensing.Jacques van den Broek  Chair of the Supervisory Board: “As Members of the Supervisory Board  we welcome the appointment by the Founder Committee of Valentijn Rensing as a new member. We are confident that his enthusiasm and entrepreneurial mindset will add to the experience  expertise and diversity we have as a team to contribute to the further growth of CM.com.”Jeroen van Glabbeek  CEO: “As founders of CM.com  we believe that the extension of our Supervisory Board with the appointment of Valentijn will contribute to the enhanced commercial focus. Our commercial organization is ready to capitalize on the growth opportunities on the back of the AI adoption and the extension of our Supervisory Board will help us achieve our ambitions. We gladly welcome him to our Supervisory Board and we look forward to growing together.”In November 2025  Valentijn Rensing took a 3% stake in CM.com following a private placement. The private placement provided CM.com with additional capital to support its balance sheet and accelerate its strategic growth initiatives. At the same time  the longterm shareholder base was further broadened  reflecting confidence in the company’s strategy and market position.ABOUT VALENTIJN RENSINGValentijn Rensing (1981) is an entrepreneur  based in Rotterdam (The Netherlands). He founded telecom operator Youfone in 2008. Youfone was sold to KPN in 2023  where Valentijn Rensing continued in the role of CEO of Youfone. Next to the position of CEO of Youfone  Valentijn Rensing is active on the Belgian telecom market under the brand Yoin. Valentijn Rensing also organizes the annual Rotterdam Gala  a well-known benefit gala event.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.7,0.3,0.0,True,English,"['Supervisory Board member', 'CM.com', 'Valentijn Rensing', 'global Conversational Commerce platform', 'Jacques van den Broek', 'Jeroen van Glabbeek', 'Joëlle Frijters', 'longterm shareholder base', 'benefit gala event', 'strategic growth initiatives', 'Belgian telecom market', 'annual Rotterdam Gala', 'telecom operator', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Supervisory Board', 'Mariken Tannemaat', 'Diederik Karsten', 'Stephan Nanninga', 'Founder Committee', 'new member', 'entrepreneurial mindset', 'CM.com', 'commercial focus', 'commercial organization', 'growth opportunities', 'AI adoption', 'private placement', 'additional capital', 'balance sheet', 'same time', 'market position', 'Valentijn Rensing', 'six members', 'The Netherlands', 'Breda', 'CMCOM', 'appointment', 'Chair', 'enthusiasm', 'experience', 'expertise', 'diversity', 'team', 'CEO', 'founders', 'extension', 'back', 'ambitions', 'November', '3% stake', 'confidence', 'company', 'strategy', 'Youfone', 'KPN', 'role', 'brand', 'Yoin']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,emerce.nl
56434,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://variety.com/2026/music/news/universal-music-group-rejects-bill-ackman-takeover-bid-1236762471/,Universal Music Group Officially Rejects Bill Ackman’s $64 Billion Takeover Bid,The board of Universal Music Group has rejected an unsolicited $64 billion takeover offer from Bill Ackman’s Pershing Square Capital  the company announced on Friday. The move comes a day after key shareholder Vincent Bollore urged UMG to reject the offer. Th…,The board of Universal Music Group has rejected an unsolicited $64 billion takeover offer from Bill Ackman’s Pershing Square Capital  the company announced on Friday. The move comes a day after key shareholder Cyrille Bollore urged UMG to reject the offer.The “Board of Directors has unanimously determined that the unsolicited and non-binding proposal it received from Pershing Square Capital Management  L.P. on April 7  2026  is not in the best interests of UMG  its shareholders  artists  songwriters  employees and other stakeholders ” the announcement reads in part.“The Board has taken the time to fully assess the proposal submitted by Pershing Square ” it continues. “After careful review with the assistance of outside financial and legal advisors  the Board has rejected the proposal because it fundamentally and materially undervalues UMG and will not deliver superior value creation. The Board has heard from many of UMG’s shareholders and other stakeholders and believes there is a strong consensus supporting the Board’s decision.”Popular on VarietyThe offer included about $10.9 billion in cash  plus additional stock that pushes the total consideration to about $35 a share.Pershing Square said that UMG’s stock has been undervalued because of uncertainty around the company’s ownership structure and around UMG’s stake in Spotify  and by the company’s delay of its planned stock listing in the U.S. Ackman previously struck an agreement with the company last year to establish a secondary listing in the U.S. in addition to its primary home on the Euronext Amsterdam listing.“Since UMG’s listing  [chairman-CEO] Sir Lucian Grainge and the company’s management have done an excellent job nurturing and continuing to build a world-class artist roster and generating strong business performance ” Ackman said when making the offer. “However  UMG’s stock price has languished due to a combination of issues that are unrelated to the performance of its music business and importantly  all of them can be addressed with this transaction.”UMG’s statement on Friday noted that “The company recently initiated and subsequently expanded its buyback program  announced plans to monetize half of its Spotify equity stake  and announced it would provide the market with enhanced financial disclosure so that its business can be better assessed and understood.”UMG board chairman Sherry Lansing said: “UMG has built an unrivalled position in the music industry through clear vision and strong execution. The Board has full confidence in Sir Lucian and his team’s ability to deliver sustainable growth and continued value creation for all stakeholders.”Grainge added: “We remain committed to leading the industry by attracting the world’s top talent  deepening fan engagement globally  and driving innovation. Central to that mission is fostering an environment that champions human creativity  protects artists  songwriters  and entrepreneurs  and expands opportunities for growth and success. As we execute our strategy and deliver maximum long term value  we look forward to providing shareholders with greater insight into the drivers of our performance and future direction of our business.”Citi is acting as financial advisor to the UMG Board of Directors  and Paul  Weiss  Rifkind  Wharton & Garrison LLP and De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V. are acting as legal advisors to the UMG Board of Directors.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.46,0.23,0.31,True,English,"['Universal Music Group', '$64 Billion Takeover Bid', 'Bill Ackman', 'De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V.', 'maximum long term value', 'Pershing Square Capital Management', 'superior value creation', 'continued value creation', 'world-class artist roster', 'Universal Music Group', 'Euronext Amsterdam listing', '$64 billion takeover offer', 'U.S. Ackman', 'Sir Lucian Grainge', 'Spotify equity stake', 'UMG board chairman', 'strong business performance', 'strong consensus', 'strong execution', 'music business', 'Bill Ackman', 'key shareholder', 'Cyrille Bollore', 'L.P.', 'best interests', 'careful review', 'outside financial', 'legal advisors', 'total consideration', 'ownership structure', 'secondary listing', 'primary home', 'excellent job', 'buyback program', 'financial disclosure', 'Sherry Lansing', 'unrivalled position', 'clear vision', 'full confidence', 'top talent', 'fan engagement', 'human creativity', 'greater insight', 'future direction', 'financial advisor', 'Garrison LLP', 'music industry', 'additional stock', 'stock listing', 'stock price', 'other stakeholders', 'The Board', 'sustainable growth', 'non-binding proposal', 'unsolicited', 'company', 'Friday', 'move', 'Directors', 'April', 'shareholders', 'artists', 'songwriters', 'employees', 'announcement', 'part', 'time', 'assistance', 'decision', 'Variety', 'cash', 'uncertainty', 'delay', 'agreement', 'combination', 'issues', 'transaction', 'statement', 'plans', 'half', 'market', 'team', 'ability', 'innovation', 'mission', 'environment', 'entrepreneurs', 'opportunities', 'success', 'strategy', 'drivers', 'Citi', 'Paul', 'Weiss', 'Rifkind', 'Wharton']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,variety.com
56435,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/05/29/alexis-nikos-and-the-new-polls-everyone-against-everyone-but-also-plus-adoniss-blue-flirtations-ballys-suitcases-for-london-and-what-the-shipowners-are-buying-and-selling/,Alexis  Nikos and the (new) polls  everyone against everyone but also plus Adonis’s blue flirtations  Bally’s suitcases for London  and what the shipowners are buying and selling,PPC  Helsinki  and the Data CenterThe post Alexis  Nikos and the (new) polls  everyone against everyone but also plus Adonis’s blue flirtations  Bally’s suitcases for London  and what the shipowners are buying and selling appeared first on ProtoThema English.,Newsroom May 29 08:23Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello  have a good long weekend  and drive safely if you’re traveling by road. This time the weather is on our side and  from what I hear  occupancy rates are very high everywhere. It’s like what our president Alexis said at the beginning of his founding speech: “we created this political movement (the party) for those who are standing with a suitcase in hand…” meaning the people leaving the country for work as emigrants. But of course  if Alexis saw so many suitcases on the roads at this time of year  they’re probably for the holiday weekend  because since he left the country alone in 2019  unemployment has fallen from 17% to 7%. Anyway  I saw him yesterday at the Supreme Court looking just fine in his cream-colored jacket (although we probably also need a stylist — I know a few if introductions are needed) and… arm-in-arm with a former vice president of the Supreme Court. Now this thing of taking former senior judges and giving them positions in the party — Alexis has turned it into a system  and then he accuses others of doing the same. Meanwhile  the polls keep falling like… a rain of stones on our Nikos’s head. One after another  they place him third or fourth (I think Alco has one today on Flash.gr)  and all the surveys currently “in progress” show the same thing. They’re already talking about a Mitsotakis–Tsipras bipolar contest again  even if there’s a gap of around 15 points. Same old story. By the way  Mitsotakis will spend the holiday weekend in Chania.Nerves  lots of nervesBack to PASOK  which is furious about the polling numbers  as Nikos believes — not exactly an unusual thing  right? — that “some strange plan is being orchestrated by the centers of the establishment to ‘cut PASOK down to size ’ because it is not a convenient opponent for New Democracy  while Tsipras is being boosted because he is more convenient for Mitsotakis.” That’s why yesterday Nikos also attacked the polling company Real Polls  accusing its head  Petros Allilomis  of coming from the inner circles of the SYRIZA government and serving an assigned mission. PASOK members recall that Allilomis was close to Giorgos Tsipras and more broadly to Nikos Pappas’s camp  but in reality Androulakis still holds a grudge against him from the internal party election period  when the polls had shown Haris Doukas ahead.Karystianou vs. ToumasatouAmong yesterday’s other clashes  we should note the showdown initiated by our leader Maria — and it wasn’t her jab at Alexis. It was the jab Maria directed at actress Marianna Toumasatou  who mocked her at Alexis’s ELAS opening event by asking Aimilios Heilakis whether she should release a dove and upload an Instagram story  just as the leader had done before the Olympion. It’s obvious that the battle for second place isn’t just between Tsipras and PASOK  because Maria also sees herself as a candidate to lead the opposition — because sky is the limit.Pierrakakis on Tsipras and AndroulakisAlthough Pierrakakis usually sticks strictly to matters related to his ministerial portfolio during television appearances  it’s well known that when he wants to  he can be venomous. That was confirmed again yesterday morning during his interview on SKAI TV. The Finance Minister was asked both about Tsipras’s new party and about PASOK’s performance — and he left neither untouched. Pierrakakis described the former prime minister’s speech as “a series of catchphrases ” speaking of “politics and mindsets from the day before yesterday ” and reminding viewers that “every time the country was divided  it paid for it in blood — literally in the past  metaphorically afterward.” As for PASOK  the president of the Eurogroup criticized the party’s “present” vote regarding the renewal of Yannis Stournaras’s term  joking that “in left-wing currents this used to be called revisionism.” Regarding party leader Androulakis  he said that “it’s as if he’s auditioning to become leader of the old SYRIZA — except that this particular role now has many suitors.”Hatzidakis’s messagesYesterday  government vice president Kostis Hatzidakis released a video marking the 47th anniversary of the signing of the EEC treaty. But I should point out that it was not an innocent commemorative video. It was a very clear political message directed internally within New Democracy  urging members “to resist populism and demagoguery” during a period when internal party pressures and temptations are many. Populism is our national “cancer ” Hatzidakis argues  and we need to leave it behind. “I am certain this is what Konstantinos Karamanlis would have wanted ” he says characteristically. As I’ve told you before  Hatzidakis has decided to intervene with an eye on internal party matters.Dendias + Adonis = LoveA careful reader of the Ministry of Defense press releases drew my attention to the warm reference Dendias made yesterday to Adonis during their joint appearance at the inauguration of the new Short-Stay Hospitalization wing on the 4th floor of the Naval Hospital of Athens  donated by Panagiotis Laskaridis. Specifically  upon seeing Adonis in the audience  Dendias addressed him as the “dear” Minister of Health  saying that “I gratefully acknowledge your presence  so that we can support the personnel of the Armed Forces in carrying out their service to the Homeland.” Apparently  along with summer comes love.Dendias–TakisStaying with Dendias and yesterday’s activities  I also read about a very interesting meeting he had at the Pentagon with Development Minister Takis Theodorikakos. During the meeting they discussed the implementation progress of the “THORAX” information program  financed by the Ministry of Development with nearly €49 million from Recovery Fund resources. I’m told the discussion was detailed and that  in general  cooperation between the two is very close and excellent  as is their personal relationship. Now  could this also mean something for the electoral battlefield of the southern sector of Athens’ second district? I think it might — or at least good personal relations certainly help.Chevron’s objectiveChevron’s entry into the Southern Ionian region  announced yesterday by the Ministry of Environment and Energy  is no random event  as it follows the exploratory drilling that the ExxonMobil–Energean–Helleniq Energy consortium will carry out in the Northwestern Ionian Sea in February. Practically speaking  the involvement means that the company sees serious indications in the Ionian area  with the value of its blocks being upgraded. Thus Chevron is expanding its foothold in the country  and the two American companies — the largest in the world — are investing in Greece.Revoil and the scenarios regarding the listing of its subsidiaryNext week  Revoil shareholders expect the distribution of a dividend of €0.049 per share from the profits of fiscal year 2025. After the 5% withholding tax  the net dividend per share amounts to €0.04655. However  the discussion in brokerage offices these days is not about the dividend but about the possible listing of a Revoil subsidiary on Euronext Athens. Reports say that discussions have already taken place at the Roussos family headquarters in Vari  Attica  regarding the listing of REV Energy on the stock exchange board. Since the end of 2024  Revoil has consolidated all its renewable energy activities into a wholly owned single-member subsidiary  REV Energy Group. Initially its valuation exceeded €15 million  but after the acquisition of “Maltezos ” the subsidiary’s value is now estimated at over €30 million. Therefore  the subsidiary’s value reaches around 80% of the total value of the parent company. Group EBITDA for 2025 amounted to €14.87 million  with renewables contributing €975 000 from 15.34 MW photovoltaic parks. The energy portfolio is growing  pre-tax profits jumped by 85.28% to €3.71 million in 2025  and management has every reason to want to crystallize that value. The commercial fuel sector  with its marginal profit margins  “covers up” the growth-oriented renewables sector  which has high profitability coefficients. Therefore  the spin-off appears to have a logical basis. There is also another subsidiary  REV Maritime  which manages ships  and this is a sector that appears to greatly interest the new management of Euronext Athens.Packing bags for LondonIn the coming days  a group of executives from Bally’s Intralot will depart for London as we enter the final stretch of the Evoke case. There is a deadline until June 8 to submit — or not submit — an offer for Evoke  owner of William Hill and 888  in a deal which  if completed  would raise the group’s revenues to €3 billion and EBITDA above €1 billion. The market is waiting to see how BYLOT will handle the major issue of Evoke’s capital structure. After the acquisition of William Hill  which was carried out mainly through borrowing  leverage spiraled  and by the end of 2025 Evoke’s net debt stood at £1.8 billion  leading to discussions about selling the company in the form of a distress deal.Who ADMIE will push outThe atmosphere in the excessively hot London market is extremely positive regarding ADMIE’s capital increase. Once everything is completed and the €1 billion capital increase is entered into ADMIE’s books  one of either EYDAP or Lamda Development will inevitably be “thrown out” of the FTSE25 Index. Today EYDAP has a market capitalization of €1.109 billion and Lamda €1.101 billion. But it is characteristic of the overall evolution of our stock market that the FTSE25 now consists solely of “billionaires ” meaning companies with market capitalizations above €1 billion.They got confusedThe share of Alpha Trust Andromeda  the only listed portfolio investment company on the Athens Stock Exchange  started yesterday’s session strongly  reaching a high of €10.80  showing a rise of 29.81% compared to Wednesday’s close. As the session progressed  the picture cooled off as sell orders appeared  causing the stock to return to the €8.7–€8.5 range. Since the intrinsic value of the Andromeda share at the end of April was €9.9 per share  there was probably some… misunderstanding in reading the announcement. Some people likely got confused after reading the announcement about the launch of the Public Offer by Alpha Trust Holdings at €20.20 by Alpha Bank and rushed to buy  believing the offer price also concerned Andromeda SAIC.New FTSE Russell regulations aimed at blocking the wave of migrationFTSE Russell approved the implementation of a “Fast Entry” rule  allowing IPOs with market capitalization above the Russell Top 500 threshold to enter major indexes just five trading sessions after listing. The new process bypasses the previous requirement to wait until quarterly index reviews. To qualify  an IPO must have underwriters  while direct listings and “best efforts” listings are excluded. FTSE Russell also set the minimum free-float requirement for UK-based and non-UK-based companies at 10%  down from the previous 25% applicable to foreign companies. The change takes effect from the June 2026 review and abolishes the distinction between British and non-British companies  aiming for indexes to more accurately reflect the market’s real economic exposure. All this is being done to address the wave of companies migrating toward U.S. stock exchanges  as well as the trend driven by AI company underwritings  which are expected to debut at valuations of hundreds of billions and receive immediate inclusion in major U.S. stock indexes.Greek shipowners are buying and selling ships at the same timeActivity in the secondhand market may have been restrained this week  but Greek shipowners still managed to send their own message. They are buying selectively  selling strategically  and renewing fleets. In the tanker market  Greek interests reportedly added the MR tanker “VIALLI ” a 52 422 dwt vessel built in 2012 by Guangzhou Shipyard International in China  for $27 million. According to market players  this clearly shows a focus on flexible tonnage with commercial specifications. In bulkers  interest shifted to Ultramax vessels  with Greek buyers acquiring in a package deal the “QIAN DAO HU” (2017) and “MO GAN SHAN” (2014)  worth nearly $50 million combined. The same sources note that purchases via online bidding are not accidental  but reflect the new “digital” reality of the market  where speed and information make the difference. At the same time  sales were also being booked. Greek interests are reportedly divesting from “PANAGIA FORCE” (81 791 dwt  2007) for $13.5 million  as well as from “ELPIDA GR” (2003) for close to $8 million. Market participants comment that these moves clearly indicate a willingness to “offload” older fleets before the next waves of regulation. And while the secondhand market is playing cautiously  the picture at the shipyards is entirely different. There  the Greeks are “playing offense.” Eurodry ordered two 82 000 dwt bulkers at Hengli in China for delivery in 2029  while Navios MLP raised the stakes by ordering up to eight VLCCs (4+4) of 319 000 dwt at Wuhu  in a move heavily discussed in shipping circles. Along the same lines  United Overseas Group closed deals for up to ten VLCCs (6+4) at Wison New Energies  at prices approaching $125 million per ship  while Thenamaris strengthened its position with three new 113 300 dwt units. In the gas segment  Ciner Shipping made its presence felt with six VLACs in South Korea  while Global Ship Lease “locked in” eight 6 200 teu containerships in China  showing that interest in containers remains alive despite fluctuations. The broader picture  however  is where the real interest lies. In just one year  Greece has moved ahead with 292 newbuild orders  234 secondhand purchases  and 318 sales.Why Frangou went to the markets now — the background of the moveNavios Maritime Partners’ decision to proceed with a supplementary $30 million bond issue may officially be linked to general corporate purposes  but in shipping circles it is interpreted as a carefully calculated move to strengthen its position. Sources familiar with the market speak of a strategic exploitation of favorable financing conditions. “When there is demand and you can secure good terms  you move immediately ” one market executive characteristically notes  pointing out that pricing at 102.75% of nominal value reflects strong investor interest in Navios. The move is linked to the creation of additional liquidity during a period when volatility remains  but opportunities are also present. With a diversified fleet across bulkers  containerships  and tankers  the company retains flexibility to move aggressively should attractive investments arise  either in the secondhand market or in other strategic placements. At the same time  the debt-management aspect has not gone unnoticed. Banking circles point out that such moves fit into a strategy of locking in favorable financing terms before any possible deterioration of the environment. “You prefer to strengthen your liquidity when conditions are positive  not when you’re under pressure ” they say. The company’s strong revenue base also plays an important role. With an average charter duration of 2.2 years and secured revenues amounting to hundreds of millions over the coming years  Navios possesses the necessary visibility to move proactively rather than under pressure. According to market sources  Angeliki Frangou is once again confirming her strategy: maintaining high liquidity  ensuring access to capital under competitive terms  and positioning herself early for the next moves in a rapidly changing market.7%–8% of GDP from a sector nobody talks about enoughPublic discussion may revolve around tourism and investments  but the figures from the Union of Greek Shipowners illuminate a different  less publicized but absolutely crucial reality. Shipping remains the most outward-looking and strategic pillar of the Greek economy. The numbers are revealing and difficult to dispute. Receipts from maritime transport account on average for 57% of total goods exports over the last five years. In other words  more than half of the country’s export footprint depends on a sector operating mainly beyond national borders  decisively strengthening the balance of payments. Shipping’s contribution is not limited to foreign exchange inflows. Directly and indirectly  it represents 7% to 8% of Gross Domestic Product  confirming its role as a key growth engine. Its reach extends far beyond ship ownership  influencing services  port activities  financing  and a series of related sectors  as well as investments in many areas of the economy unrelated to shipping itself. At the same time  the impact on the labor market is equally significant. Around 160 000 to 200 000 jobs are connected to shipping  while an estimated 6% of total private-sector employment depends on it. This highlights that shipping is not only an export “champion ” but also one of the country’s principal employers.CENERGY Is Waiting for PeaceThe management of Cenergy Holdings avoided giving analysts forecasts for this year’s figures  saying it is better to wait for the second-quarter results as well. However  it reassured them that its performance is not being affected by the war and the bombings. By the end of 2026  the first machines will have been installed at the production unit in Maryland  and by the last quarter of 2027 the facility will be fully operational. A key target for 2026 remains securing the first commercial contract in the United States  in a market where cable delivery times reach 12 months  compared with 15–16 weeks in Europe. The order backlog stood at €3.3 billion at the end of March. Peace  whenever it comes  will find CENERGY with a major factory in America.PPC  Helsinki  and the Data CenterNext week  within the framework of Euroelectric  the management of PPC S.A. will travel to Helsinki and hold discussions with Europe’s largest energy groups. From last Friday until today  PPC’s stock has delivered a return of +11% to those who trusted it at €18.63. At the same time  in Western Macedonia  there are still “Luddites” nostalgic for the era and the “security” of lignite. On the site that until recently housed the lignite yard of the Agios Dimitrios power plant  PPC is building a 300 MW mega data center. The final agreement with the American hyperscaler will require up to six months to complete  as the contract will be extremely detailed and exhaustive regarding responsibilities  liabilities  investments  and timelines for each side. Local stakeholders in the region are “concerned” about the jobs and disruption the new agreement will bring — naturally  because change always creates insecurity — but investments of this kind create hundreds of new jobs  bring high specialization useful for other projects  and of course substantial money. The total investment is estimated at €3.5 billion  with PPC covering €1.2 billion  and the project is scheduled for completion in 2028. At a later stage  the project could scale up to 1 GW  with total investment reaching €8 billion. The data center will be supported by PPC’s natural gas  hydroelectric  and photovoltaic units in the region. This is PPC’s great advantage. It stands behind every energy source  at a time when energy supply is the main concern in other similar projects.50% of Trading Volume in PPC — Stock at 2008 LevelsAnd since the discussion is about PPC  it should be added that during yesterday’s stock market session — which saw a correction after a six-day rally — PPC’s stock acted as a “counterweight.” The company erected strong defenses against generalized market pressure  recording an impressive jump of 4.7% to close at €21.98  while intraday it touched the psychological €22 threshold for the first time since July 2008. PPC monopolized market interest. Out of the total turnover of €436.91 million  €220.57 million concerned PPC  accounting for more than 50% of total transactions. More than 10.1 million shares changed hands on the board  while net block trades exceeded €122.8 million  confirming that strategic moves by major players are fully underway. Analysts attribute the intense activity to portfolio rebalancing. Following the completion of the landmark €4.25 billion share capital increase  PPC’s weighting in international indices  especially MSCI  is increasing. This forces large passive and active institutional funds to immediately adjust their positions  creating unprecedented buying pressure that absorbs all supply. With yesterday’s close  PPC achieved another historic milestone  breaking through the €13 billion barrier  with its market capitalization now standing at €13.1 billion  within touching distance of National Bank of Greece  which is valued at €13.4 billion.Sarantis: Flirting with Historic Highs Despite Removal from FTSE 25Sarantis Group stock is moving on a positive trajectory  closing at an eight-year high of €15.64 (levels last seen in January 2018). The company is now within striking distance of its all-time high of €15.9  recorded on January 24  2018. Its market capitalization is approaching the €1 billion milestone  currently standing at €996 million. This excellent stock market performance is taking place during a period of significant reshuffling for the stock. The semiannual FTSE index review brought about Sarantis’ “demotion” from the large-cap index (FTSE Large Cap / FTSE 25) to make room for Credia Bank. Although leaving the FTSE 25 traditionally entails portfolio restructuring and possible outflows from passive funds  the market may instead be focusing on the group’s strong fundamentals  while the limited free float is also supporting the stock.Bitcoin in a Tight Spot (Again)The day before yesterday  within a 24-hour period  total liquidations in the cryptocurrency market exceeded $290 million. Some believed this represented a major investment opportunity  and long positions absorbed more than 90% of the liquidations. Bitcoin fell below $73 000  and those who bought are hoping for a similarly powerful rebound upward. The total cryptocurrency market capitalization has dropped to $2.45 trillion  while Bitcoin and Ethereum ETFs recorded outflows exceeding $800 million on Wednesday alone  as the market prices in geopolitical risks and interest-rate developments. Spot Bitcoin ETFs lost $733 million in a single day — the largest daily outflow in recent months. For the whole of May  outflows exceeded $2 billion  reversing gains of $2.9 billion and $1.32 billion from the previous two months. When the new American bombings in southern Iran began  Bitcoin also started collapsing below $77 000. This is a pattern repeated throughout the duration of the conflicts. Technically  Bitcoin is going through a critical convergence phase  with a strong support zone between $73 000 and $75 000. If that level breaks  the road opens toward $70 000 and below. Usually  when military operations escalate  investors seek refuge in gold. Apparently this does not apply to the “digital gold ” as Bitcoin likes to call itself.But Gold Is Not Feeling Very Well EitherGold reached a historic high in January 2026 at $5 589 per ounce. Since then  it has lost more than 18% of its value. Inflation in the United States remains steadily more than one percentage point above the Federal Reserve’s 2% target. In this environment  Morgan Stanley proposed a modified 60/20/20 portfolio model: 60% equities  20% short-term bonds  and 20% gold. In this way  it upgraded gold into a central component of investment strategy. BlackRock went even further  classifying gold as a “structural holding ” meaning a foundational element of every investment portfolio. The stock-bond correlation reached thirty-year highs during the post-pandemic inflationary cycle  overturning the logic of the classic 60/40 portfolio. In today’s landscape  gold is not merely protection against uncertainty. It is the answer to an investment architecture that is shaking. These days  according to technical analysts  the price of gold is moving marginally above the critical 200-day moving average  located near $4 377 per ounce. If this technical level is breached  they say  the road opens for a correction toward $4 075. If that also happens  the investment world will lose yet another support — one of the few that remain.A $250 Banknote with Trump’s FaceThis year  America is celebrating 250 years since the Declaration of Independence (July 4  1776). President Donald Trump’s new ambition is reportedly to see his face on a high-value American banknote. The Washington Post reported that officials in the Trump administration are pressuring the Bureau of Engraving and Printing — the agency that prints U.S. banknotes — to design a $250 bill featuring the President’s portrait. It would be the first time a living person has appeared on American currency in the last 150 years. The director of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing resisted the pressure and was transferred to another office last month. Back in February  the “Donald J. Trump $250 Bill Act” was introduced in the House of Representatives  a bill amending Federal Reserve law and introducing an exception to 19th-century legislation prohibiting living persons from appearing on banknotes. The bill is pending before the Financial Services Committee. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent announced in March that the President’s signature would appear on all banknotes in honor of America’s 250th anniversary. The signature does not require a congressional vote; it falls under the Treasury Department’s authority. Therefore  America is waiting for the circulation of the first “Trump bills ” naturally before July 4.The Forint Is Dying  Long Live the EuroHungary’s new finance minister  András Kármán  pledged that his country would fulfill all criteria for adopting the euro within four years. This marks a truly “radical” shift in economic policy after the Viktor Orbán era. The victory of the Tisza party led by Péter Magyar in the April 12  2026 elections ended the country’s long-running Eurosceptic government. Hungary had billions of euros in European funds frozen due to disputes with Brussels over the rule of law. The new government is moving in the opposite direction  with Magyar promising to unlock those funds “within months.” Central bank governor Mihály Varga promised that “the central bank will be a constructive partner ” while quickly emphasizing that careful preparation is required. Hungary remains far from euro adoption. The deficit is projected to widen to 6.2% of GDP in 2026  while the debt-to-GDP ratio is expected to reach 76.8% by 2027. The Maastricht criteria still apply — even if eurozone member states themselves violate them — requiring a deficit below 3% and debt below 60%. Hungary lags behind in three critical indicators: public debt  fiscal deficit  and inflation convergence. Capital Economics estimates that the 2030 target appears rather optimistic. Nevertheless  even the path toward the euro has value. If the government sets a credible timetable and simultaneously reduces the deficit  interest rates could fall quickly  even before formal accession. That is Magyar’s real wager. Not the euro of 2030  but today’s credibility.,neutral,0.01,0.62,0.37,mixed,0.18,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['new) polls', 'blue flirtations', 'Alexis', 'Nikos', 'everyone', 'Adonis', 'Bally', 'suitcases', 'London', 'shipowners', 'new Short-Stay Hospitalization wing', 'internal party election period', 'Mitsotakis–Tsipras bipolar contest', 'former senior judges', 'ELAS opening event', 'The Finance Minister', 'former prime minister', 'Defense press releases', 'clear political message', 'internal party pressures', 'good long weekend', 'former vice president', 'actress Marianna Toumasatou', 'innocent commemorative video', 'government vice president', 'Same old story', 'internal party matters', 'new party', 'political movement', 'New Democracy', 'SYRIZA government', 'Instagram story', 'old SYRIZA', 'holiday weekend', 'same thing', 'occupancy rates', 'many suitcases', 'Supreme Court', 'cream-colored jacket', 'polling numbers', 'strange plan', 'convenient opponent', 'polling company', 'inner circles', 'Haris Doukas', 'other clashes', 'Aimilios Heilakis', 'second place', 'ministerial portfolio', 'television appearances', 'SKAI TV', 'present” vote', 'Yannis Stournaras', 'left-wing currents', 'particular role', 'many suitors', '47th anniversary', 'EEC treaty', 'national “cancer', 'Konstantinos Karamanlis', 'careful reader', 'warm reference', 'joint appearance', '4th floor', 'unusual thing', 'Giorgos Tsipras', 'founding speech', 'Flash.gr', 'Petros Allilomis', 'president Alexis', 'party leader', 'Real Polls', 'Nikos Pappas', 'Kostis Hatzidakis', 'jab Maria', 'PASOK members', 'Newsroom', 'Protothema', 'Google', 'road', 'weather', 'beginning', 'hand', 'people', 'country', 'work', 'emigrants', 'course', 'time', 'year', 'unemployment', 'stylist', 'introductions', 'positions', 'system', 'others', 'rain', 'stones', 'head', 'Alco', 'surveys', 'progress', 'gap', '15 points', 'way', 'Chania', 'Nerves', 'lots', 'centers', 'establishment', 'size', 'assigned', 'mission', 'camp', 'reality', 'Androulakis', 'grudge', 'Karystianou', 'yesterday', 'showdown', 'dove', 'Olympion', 'battle', 'candidate', 'opposition', 'sky', 'limit', 'Pierrakakis', 'interview', 'performance', 'series', 'catchphrases', 'politics', 'mindsets', 'viewers', 'blood', 'past', 'Eurogroup', 'renewal', 'term', 'messages', 'signing', 'populism', 'demagoguery', 'temptations', 'eye', 'Dendias', 'Adonis', 'Love', 'Ministry', 'attention', 'inauguration', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρ', 'μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-05-29,2026-05-30,en.protothema.gr
