UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
22064,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@ftr_investors I would imagine Euronext NV  London Stock Exchange Group and Deutsche Boerse deserve to be amongst t… https://t.co/rPB2OYyeZr,nan,@ftr_investors I would imagine Euronext NV  London Stock Exchange Group and Deutsche Boerse deserve to be amongst t… https://t.co/rPB2OYyeZr,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange Group', 'Euronext NV', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'Euronext NV', 'Deutsche Boerse']",2023-04-04,2023-04-11,Unknown
22065,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse has released its cash market trading volumes for March 2023  witnessing the markets' turnover totale… https://t.co/fv0I1E513o,nan,Deutsche Börse has released its cash market trading volumes for March 2023  witnessing the markets' turnover totale… https://t.co/fv0I1E513o,neutral,0.16,0.81,0.03,neutral,0.16,0.81,0.03,True,English,"['cash market trading volumes', 'Deutsche Börse', ""markets' turnover totale"", 'March', 'cash market trading volumes', 'Deutsche Börse', ""markets' turnover totale"", 'March']",2023-04-04,2023-04-11,Unknown
22066,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,ETC Group to launch multi-crypto ETP @ETF_Strategy ETC Group is set to launch a new ETP on Deutsche Börse Xetra. T… https://t.co/cgOaHouL52,nan,ETC Group to launch multi-crypto ETP @ETF_Strategy ETC Group is set to launch a new ETP on Deutsche Börse Xetra. T… https://t.co/cgOaHouL52,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'ETC Group', 'multi-crypto ETP', 'new ETP', 'ETF_Strategy', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'ETC Group', 'multi-crypto ETP', 'new ETP', 'ETF_Strategy']",2023-04-03,2023-04-11,Unknown
22187,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,VanEck has launched a new oil sector strategy which is now listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Börse X… https://t.co/u6ONR2CU2V,nan,VanEck has launched a new oil sector strategy which is now listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Börse X… https://t.co/u6ONR2CU2V,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.01,True,English,"['new oil sector strategy', 'Deutsche Börse X', 'London Stock Exchange', 'VanEck', 'new oil sector strategy', 'Deutsche Börse X', 'London Stock Exchange', 'VanEck']",2023-04-05,2023-04-11,Unknown
22188,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,VanEck has launched a new defense sector strategy which is now listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Bör… https://t.co/5FfTSKbn4w,nan,VanEck has launched a new defense sector strategy which is now listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Bör… https://t.co/5FfTSKbn4w,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['new defense sector strategy', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Bör', 'VanEck', 'FfTSKbn4w', 'new defense sector strategy', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Bör', 'VanEck', 'FfTSKbn4w']",2023-04-05,2023-04-11,Unknown
22307,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📸#PhotostoryThe Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023👉https://t.co/e1ZKC3pBSzThe shortlisted artists… https://t.co/HwinNtVdV5,nan,📸#PhotostoryThe Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023👉https://t.co/e1ZKC3pBSzThe shortlisted artists… https://t.co/HwinNtVdV5,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Photostory', 'artists', 'HwinNtVdV5', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Photostory', 'artists', 'HwinNtVdV5']",2023-04-06,2023-04-11,Unknown
22308,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@paddi_hansen Deutsche Börse has been on a recruitment drive for crypto talent lately.  🤔Curious how this develop… https://t.co/zfIzMACbwy,nan,@paddi_hansen Deutsche Börse has been on a recruitment drive for crypto talent lately.  🤔Curious how this develop… https://t.co/zfIzMACbwy,positive,0.58,0.19,0.23,positive,0.58,0.19,0.23,True,English,"['paddi_hansen Deutsche Börse', 'recruitment drive', 'crypto talent', 'paddi_hansen Deutsche Börse', 'recruitment drive', 'crypto talent']",2023-04-06,2023-04-11,Unknown
22410,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says  https://t.co/fdPQTXgRnp via @coindesk,nan,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says  https://t.co/fdPQTXgRnp via @coindesk,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer']",2023-04-07,2023-04-11,Unknown
22414,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk https://t.co/1xAhJCVwzn Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more fea… https://t.co/Bz8Jz9qRQn,nan,Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk https://t.co/1xAhJCVwzn Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more fea… https://t.co/Bz8Jz9qRQn,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Bz8Jz9qRQn', 'Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Bz8Jz9qRQn']",2023-04-07,2023-04-11,Unknown
22415,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Andy Vermaut shares:Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk: Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more featur… https://t.co/8MLFc52MMu,nan,Andy Vermaut shares:Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk: Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more featur… https://t.co/8MLFc52MMu,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Andy Vermaut shares', 'Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Andy Vermaut shares', 'Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank']",2023-04-07,2023-04-11,Unknown
22508,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Last week  Euroclear disclosed that it was developing a blockchain-based bond issuance and settlement solution set… https://t.co/31xIabvo71,nan,Last week  Euroclear disclosed that it was developing a blockchain-based bond issuance and settlement solution set… https://t.co/31xIabvo71,neutral,0.1,0.87,0.03,neutral,0.1,0.87,0.03,True,English,"['blockchain-based bond issuance', 'settlement solution set', 'Euroclear', 'blockchain-based bond issuance', 'settlement solution set', 'Euroclear']",2023-04-08,2023-04-11,Unknown
22551,Euroclear,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/lundin-mining-announces-dates-annual-203000365.html,Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2023 Results,"Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 12  2023 (the ""Meeting"") at 10:00 ET via live audio webcast online at  The Notice of Meeting ","Lundin Mining Corporation Logo (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)TORONTO  April 11  2023 /CNW/ - (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 12  2023 (the ""Meeting"") at 10:00 ET via live audio webcast online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LUN2023. The Notice of Meeting  the accompanying Management Proxy Circular (the ""Circular"") and related meeting materials are now available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the Company's website at https://lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings/. Additionally  the Company announces that the report for the first quarter ended March 31  2023 will be published on Wednesday  May 3  2023.To facilitate increased shareholder attendance and participation  the Company has made arrangements to enable shareholders and proxyholders to attend and vote virtually at this year's Meeting. The record date for the Annual Meeting is March 24  2023. Meeting materials were mailed to shareholders on or about April 11  2023. Eligible Shareholders are encouraged to vote online  by telephone or by proxy. Detailed information on how shareholders can participate in the Meeting and vote is available in the Circular. The Circular provides additional information relating to the below items for consideration at the Meeting.The Meeting is being held for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31  2022 and the report of the auditors thereon;To elect the directors for the ensuing year;To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  Chartered Professional Accountants as auditors of the Corporation for the ensuing year  and to authorize the directors to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors;To provide shareholders with an advisory vote on Executive Compensation;To transact such further and other business as may properly be brought before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.Story continuesNotice and AccessLundin Mining is using notice and access to provide shareholders with easy electronic access to the Circular  other meeting materials and to copies of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022  the auditor's report on those statements and the associated management's discussion and analysis  rather than mailing paper copies. This shift to electronic delivery is environmentally friendly and saves money.Electronic copies of these materials will be available online at the Company's website at www.lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings or under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The notice shareholders receive will include information on how to obtain a paper copy of the Circular or associated materials if preferred.How to Vote if Your Securities Trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm ExchangeThe information in this section is of significance to shareholders who hold their securities (""Euroclear Registered Securities"") through Euroclear Sweden AB  which securities trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange. Shareholders who hold Euroclear Registered Securities are not registered holders of voting securities for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Securities are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Securities will receive a Form of Proxy (the ""Swedish Proxy"") by mail directly from Computershare AB (""Computershare Sweden""). The Swedish Proxy cannot be used to vote securities directly at the Meeting. Instead  the Swedish Proxy must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines that will be described in the instructions provided with the Swedish Proxy.First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call and WebcastThe Company will hold a telephone conference call and webcast at 08:00 ET  14:00 CET on Thursday  May 4  2023. Conference call details are provided below. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the call start to ensure placement into the conference on time.Call-in number for the conference call (North America): +1 416 764 8646Call-in number for the conference call (North America Toll Free): +1 888 396 8049Call-in number for the conference call (Sweden): 020 089 9189To view the live webcast presentation  please log on using this direct link:https://viavid.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1609623&tp_key=aba73802beThe presentation slideshow will also be available in PDF format on the Lundin Mining website www.lundinmining.com before the conference call.A replay of the telephone conference will be available after the completion of the call until June 4  2023.Call-in numbers for the replay are (North America): +1 877 674 7070 or (internationally) +1 416 764 8692The passcode for the replay is: 286049A replay of the webcast will be available by clicking on the direct link above.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations and projects in Argentina  Brazil  Chile  Portugal  Sweden and the United States of America  primarily producing copper  zinc  gold and nickel.The information in this release is subject to the disclosure requirements of Lundin Mining under the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below on April 11  2023 at 16:30 Eastern Time.Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2023 Results (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)SOURCE Lundin Mining CorporationCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2023/11/c8939.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Results', 'Lundin Mining', 'Annual Meeting', 'Dates', 'Shareholders', 'First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call', 'Lundin Mining Corporation Logo', 'accompanying Management Proxy Circular', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange', 'live audio webcast', 'North America Toll', 'Euroclear Registered Securities', 'Conference call details', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'live webcast presentation', 'Lundin Mining website', 'easy electronic access', 'related meeting materials', 'telephone conference call', 'The Swedish Proxy', 'other meeting materials', 'associated management', 'other business', 'Computershare AB', 'presentation slideshow', 'electronic delivery', 'associated materials', 'shareholder attendance', 'record date', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP', 'Professional Accountants', 'Executive Compensation', 'Electronic copies', 'paper copy', 'Securities Trade', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'Computershare Sweden', 'direct link', 'PDF format', 'The Circular', 'paper copies', 'CNW Group', 'Annual Meeting', 'Detailed information', 'additional information', 'following purposes', 'advisory vote', 'voting securities', 'ensuing year', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'The Company', 'notice shareholders', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'LUMI', 'Thursday', 'May', 'LUN2023', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'corporate-filings', 'report', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'arrangements', 'proxyholders', 'March', 'items', 'consideration', 'auditors', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'Story', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'shift', 'money', 'investors', 'section', 'significance', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', '15 minutes', 'placement', 'time', 'number', 'replay', 'completion', 'June', 'passcode', '10:00', '08:00', '14:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,ca.finance.yahoo.com
22552,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-mendus-ab-publ-1681200000,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Mendus AB (publ),The shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on Friday  12 May 2023  at 09:30  at Tn,The shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on Friday  12 May 2023  at 09:30  at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will commence at 09:00.NOTIFICATIONShareholders who wish to attend the meeting must:(i) both be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date of Thursday  4 May 2023; and(ii) not later than on Monday  8 May 2023 have notified their attendance and possible advisors to the Company; either in writing via letter to Mendus AB (publ)  “Annual General Meeting”  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  SE-111 53 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to info@mendus.com.The notification shall include full name  personal/corporate identity number  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information about deputies  proxies and advisors. The number of advisors can be at most two. In order to facilitate registration for the meeting  the notification should  when applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Personal data obtained from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  the notice and attendance at the meeting and data regarding deputies  proxies and advisors will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  when applicable  the minutes from the meeting. The personal data is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For complete information regarding how the personal data is handled  please refer to: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of their participation to the AGM  register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the shareholders’ register on the record date of Thursday  4 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting registration). Shareholders wishing to register their shares in their own name must  in accordance with the procedures of the respective nominee  request the nominee to carry out such voting registration. Voting registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than Wednesday  8 May 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.PROXIESShareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate of registration of the legal entity or  if such document does not exist  of a corresponding document of authority. A copy of the power of attorney and any certificate of registration shall be provided to the Company in due course before the meeting. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.The Company provides a power of attorney form to the shareholders  which is available at the Company’s head office or on the Company’s website www.mendus.com.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of voting list.3. Presentation and approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of the annual report and the audit report and the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated audit report.7. Resolutiona) regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet.b) regarding allocation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheet.c) regarding discharge from liability against the Company for the members of the board of directors and the CEO.8. Presentation of and resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report.9. Approval of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor.10. Election of board of directors and auditors and possible deputy auditors.11. Resolution regarding authorisation for the board of directors to decide on new issue and issue of warrants and/or convertibles.12. Closing of the meeting.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe nomination committee  consisting of Erik Esveld (appointed by Van Herk Investment BV) chairman of the nomination committee  Jannis Kitsakis (appointed by The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  Gunnar Hörnsten (appointed by Loggen Invest AB) and Mats Andersson (appointed by Holger Blomstrand Byggnads AB) have proposed the following resolutions in relation to items 1 and 9–10 of the above proposed agenda.Item 1. Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the lawyer Mats Dahlberg from Advokatfirman Delphi is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting.Item 9. Approval of remuneration to the board of directors and auditorThe nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the board of directors shall amount to a total of SEK 2 370 000  to be distributed as follows: The chairman of the board of directors is entitled to remuneration of SEK 620 000 and other board members are entitled to remuneration of SEK 285 000 per member. Furthermore  it is proposed that a fee for committee work shall be paid in the amount of SEK 70 000 to the chairman of the audit committee  SEK 40 000 to each of the other board members in the audit committee  SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the scientific committee  SEK 25 000 to each of the other board members in the scientific committee  SEK 35 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 20 000 to each of the other board members of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditors shall be paid according to approved invoice.Item 10. Election of board of directors and auditors and possible deputy auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall be composed of six (6) ordinary board members without deputies.For the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  re-election is proposed of the current board members Christine Lind  Sven Andreasson  Dharminder Chahal  Andrea van Elsas  Hans Preusting and Helén Tuvesson. Christine Lind is proposed to be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.For a presentation of the board members that are proposed for re-election  please refer to the Company’s annual report for 2022 and the Company’s website www.mendus.com.The nomination committee proposes that the registered audit firm Ernst & Young AB is re-elected as the Company’s auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting. Ernst & Young AB has informed that  in the event that Ernst & Young AB is elected as auditor  Charlotte Holmstrand will remain as auditor in charge. The nomination committee’s proposal is in accordance with the recommendation of the audit committee.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSItem 7 b). Resolution regarding allocation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that no dividend is distributed for the financial year 2022.Item 11. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to decide on new issue and issue of warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the board of directors to resolve  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  at one or more occasions and with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures for cash payment and/or with provision of non-cash consideration or set-off or otherwise.In the event of a resolution to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures  without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights the maximum number of shares  or warrants or convertible debentures that entitle subscription of a number of shares  that may be issued shall correspond to the number of shares that is within the Company's maximum limit for the number of shares according to the articles of association in force from time to time. In the event of a resolution with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the number of shares  or warrants or convertible debentures that entitle subscription of a number of shares  that may be issued shall not exceed 20 per cent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the board of director’s first resolution pursuant to the authorization. For subsequent resolutions pursuant to the authorization  the 20 per cent limit shall be based on (i) the number of shares issued pursuant to the authorization  and  with respect to warrants and convertible debentures issued pursuant to the authorization  (ii) the number of shares issued through subscription of issued warrants  and (iii) the number of shares issued through conversion of issued convertible debentures  provided that subscription/conversion of such warrants/convertible debentures have been completed.The authorization thus allows the board of directors to take into account  for example in relation to convertible debentures  the number of shares actually issued rather than the number of shares that could be issued based on the lowest conversion price of the convertible debenture  provided that conversion of previously issued convertible debentures under the authorization have been completed. The lowest conversion price for convertible debentures needs to be included in the resolution for registration purposes.Deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights shall be possible to  if needed  strengthen the Company’s financial position  broaden the ownership base and/or to increase the institutional ownership of the Company. New issue of shares and issue of warrants and/or convertible debentures shall  in the event of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  be made at market conditions.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYAt the time of the issuing of this notice the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 201 311 406. Only one class of shares exists  and the Company has no holding of own shares.SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO DEMAND INFORMATIONPursuant to Chapter 7 Section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be done without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the general meeting regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the financial situation of the Company. The disclosure obligation also covers the Company's relationship with another Group company  the consolidated accounts and such matters regarding subsidiaries as are referred to in the preceding sentence.DOCUMENTATIONThe annual report  the auditor’s report  the board of directors’ complete proposals for resolutions and other documentation will be made available at the Company’s office at the address Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15 in Stockholm not later than three weeks prior to the meeting and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documentation will also be made available on the Company’s website  www.mendus.com. The nomination committee’s complete proposals for resolutions and motivated statement regarding its proposal of election of board members and information regarding the proposed board members are made available on the Company’s website.Please note that this is a translation for information purposes only. In the event of any discrepancies between the Swedish and English versions  the Swedish version shall prevail._____________________Stockholm  April 2023Mendus AB (publ)The board of directorsFOR MORE INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Erik MantingChief Executive OfficerE-mail: ir@mendus.comINVESTOR RELATIONSCorey DavisLifeSci Advisors  LLCTelephone: + 1 212-915-2577E-mail: cdavis@lifesciadvisors.comMEDIA RELATIONSMario BrkuljValency CommunicationsTelephone: +49 160 9352 9951E-mail: mbrkulj@valencycomms.euABOUT MENDUS AB (PUBL)Mendus is dedicated to changing the course of cancer treatment by addressing tumor recurrence and improving survival outcomes for cancer patients  while preserving quality of life. We are leveraging our unparalleled expertise in allogeneic dendritic cell biology to develop an advanced clinical pipeline of novel  off-the-shelf  cell-based immunotherapies which combine clinical efficacy with a benign safety profile. Based in Sweden and The Netherlands  Mendus is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker IMMU.ST. http://www.mendus.com/Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Mendus AB', 'Notice', 'The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'Van Herk Investment BV', 'Holger Blomstrand Byggnads AB', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Gunnar Hörnsten', 'Loggen Invest AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'daytime telephone number', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated audit report', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'possible deputy auditors', 'Annual General Meeting', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'annual report', 'Mendus AB', 'Personal data', 'The Company', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'European Parliament', 'legal entity', 'due course', 'original version', 'head office', 'two persons', 'NOMINATION COMMITTEE', 'Erik Esveld', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'Mats Andersson', 'possible advisors', 'remuneration report', 'respective nominee', 'complete information', 'corresponding document', 'new issue', 'following resolutions', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'voting registration', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'full name', 'attorney form', 'shareholders’ register', 'AGM', 'Friday', 'May', 'Stockholm', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Thursday', 'Monday', 'attendance', 'writing', 'letter', 'mail', 'address', 'deputies', 'proxies', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'notice', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'addition', 'participation', 'procedures', 'Wednesday', 'proxy', 'copy', 'website', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'CEO', 'authorisation', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closing', 'relation', 'items', '09']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,privataaffarer.se
22553,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear announced last week that it was working on a blockchain-based bond issuance and settlement solution.#BitcoinSV #BSV #Bitcoin,nan,Euroclear announced last week that it was working on a blockchain-based bond issuance and settlement solution.#BitcoinSV #BSV #Bitcoin,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.0,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.0,True,English,"['blockchain-based bond issuance', 'settlement solution', 'Euroclear', 'BitcoinSV', 'BSV', 'blockchain-based bond issuance', 'settlement solution', 'Euroclear', 'BitcoinSV', 'BSV']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22554,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Oklahoma credit union relies on data to shape financial wellness tools #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/5RknGkkkER #regtech,nan,Oklahoma credit union relies on data to shape financial wellness tools #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/5RknGkkkER #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Oklahoma credit union', 'financial wellness tools', 'data', 'RknGkkkER', 'Oklahoma credit union', 'financial wellness tools', 'data', 'RknGkkkER']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22555,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,How payment companies are deploying next gen AI #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/0x9lfWArkz #regtech,nan,How payment companies are deploying next gen AI #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/0x9lfWArkz #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['next gen AI', 'payment companies', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech', 'next gen AI', 'payment companies', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech']",2023-04-10,2023-04-11,Unknown
22556,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Old National Bank employee kills four in shooting at Louisville branch #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/NBHHZlfhia #regtech,nan,Old National Bank employee kills four in shooting at Louisville branch #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/NBHHZlfhia #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.69,0.31,neutral,0.0,0.69,0.31,True,English,"['Old National Bank employee', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Louisville branch', 'shooting', 'NBHHZlfhia', 'Old National Bank employee', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Louisville branch', 'shooting', 'NBHHZlfhia']",2023-04-10,2023-04-11,Unknown
22557,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear generated  in 2022 alone  €821 million in bank interest on Russian assets frozen in Belgium. https://t.co/z5yjswyEmY,nan,Euroclear generated  in 2022 alone  €821 million in bank interest on Russian assets frozen in Belgium. https://t.co/z5yjswyEmY,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['bank interest', 'Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'bank interest', 'Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium']",2023-04-10,2023-04-11,Unknown
22558,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear reinvested this money  resulting in excess profits of 821 million euros. Then tax was deducted from this… https://t.co/H6RZKkZ6Yw,nan,Euroclear reinvested this money  resulting in excess profits of 821 million euros. Then tax was deducted from this… https://t.co/H6RZKkZ6Yw,neutral,0.05,0.76,0.18,neutral,0.05,0.76,0.18,True,English,"['excess profits', '821 million euros', 'Euroclear', 'money', 'tax', 'H6RZKkZ6Yw', 'excess profits', '821 million euros', 'Euroclear', 'money', 'tax', 'H6RZKkZ6Yw']",2023-04-10,2023-04-11,Unknown
22559,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Ex-Wells Fargo executive Carrie Tolstedt shows up in court #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/nPoYXUce6Q #regtech,nan,Ex-Wells Fargo executive Carrie Tolstedt shows up in court #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/nPoYXUce6Q #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Ex-Wells Fargo executive Carrie Tolstedt', 'court', 'regtech', 'Ex-Wells Fargo executive Carrie Tolstedt', 'court', 'regtech']",2023-04-09,2023-04-11,Unknown
22560,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Want to learn more about the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition?⁠⁠Join us this Friday where w… https://t.co/zF0vJr38Yx,nan,Want to learn more about the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition?⁠⁠Join us this Friday where w… https://t.co/zF0vJr38Yx,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22561,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-sanofi-announces-withdrawal-201500279.html,Press Release: Sanofi announces withdrawal and refiling of Premerger Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act and extension of tender offer to acquire Provention Bio  Inc.,Sanofi announces withdrawal and refiling of Premerger Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act and extension of tender offer to acquire Provention Bio ...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeSanofi announces withdrawal and refiling of Premerger Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act and extension of tender offer to acquire Provention Bio  Inc.Paris  France – April 10  2023 – Sanofi announced today that it has withdrawn and refiled its Premerger Notification and Report Form under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976  as amended (the “HSR Act”)  in connection with Sanofi’s pending acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc. As previously announced on March 24  2023  Sanofi commenced a cash tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock of Provention Bio  Inc. (the “Shares”)  for $25.00 per Share  to the seller thereof in cash  without interest and subject to any withholding taxes required by applicable law.Sanofi has elected to withdraw and refile its Premerger Notification and Report Form  which was initially filed on March 24  2023  to provide the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) with additional time for review. Following such refiling  the waiting period under the HSR Act will expire at 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 25  2023. The acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023.Consummation of the tender offer remains subject to  among other conditions  the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act. As a result  Sanofi is extending the tender offer  which was previously scheduled to expire at one minute after 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 20  2023  until one minute after 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 26  2023. The tender offer may be extended further in accordance with the merger agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). All other terms and conditions of the tender offer will remain unchanged during the extended period.Innisfree M&A Incorporated is acting as information agent for the tender offer. Requests for documents and questions regarding the tender offer may be directed to Innisfree M&A Incorporated by telephone  toll-free at (877) 800-5195 for shareholders  or collect at (212) 750-5833 for Banks and Brokers.Story continuesAbout SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements may include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product  and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “will be”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful and risks related to Sanofi’s ability to complete the acquisition on the proposed terms or on the proposed timeline  including the receipt of required regulatory approvals  the possibility that competing offers will be made  other risks associated with executing business combination transactions  such as the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully  that such integration may be more difficult  time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the acquisition will not be realized  as well as other risks related Sanofi’s business  including the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Additional Information for US Shareholders and Where to Find ItThis communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Provention Bio  Inc. Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a tender offer statement on Schedule TO  and Provention Bio  Inc. has filed a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9  all with respect to the Offer (as defined in those documents). HOLDERS OF SHARES OF PROVENTION BIO  INC. ARE URGED TO READ THE RELEVANT TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE OFFER TO PURCHASE  THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND THE OTHER TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICIATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT PROVENTION BIO  INC. STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING SHARES. The Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  are available to holders of shares of Provention Bio  Inc. at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement are available for free at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Sanofi’s Investor Relations Department at ir@sanofi.com or on Sanofi’s website at https://en.sanofi.com/investors or by contacting Kristen Kelleher  Investor Relations  at investorrelations@proventionbio.com  or on Provention Bio  Inc.’s website  www.proventionbio.com.In addition to the Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  Sanofi files annual and special reports and other information with the SEC and Provention Bio.  Inc. files annual  quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Sanofi and Provention Bio.  Inc. at the SEC public reference room at 100 F. Street  N.E.  Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Sanofi’s and Provention Bio.  Inc.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.govAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Premerger Notification', 'Report Form', 'HSR Act', 'tender offer', 'Provention Bio', 'Sanofi', 'withdrawal', 'refiling', 'extension', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'Innisfree M&A Incorporated', 'Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act', 'U.S. Securities', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'Federal Trade Commission', 'SNY Media Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'future financial results', 'potential future revenues', 'applicable waiting period', 'cash tender offer', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'future performance', 'Exchange Commission', 'Investor Relations', 'actual results', 'regulatory approvals', 'HSR Act', 'applicable law', 'applicable rules', 'extended period', 'forward-looking information', 'Aventis Groupe', 'Premerger Notification', 'Report Form', 'Provention Bio', 'common stock', 'withholding taxes', 'additional time', 'Eastern Time', 'second quarter', 'one minute', 'merger agreement', 'other terms', 'information agent', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'other potential', 'underlying assumptions', 'similar expressions', 'other things', 'government regulation', 'commercial potential', 'proposed terms', 'competing offers', 'outstanding shares', 'other conditions', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Eva Schaefer-Jansen', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'pending acquisition', 'various risks', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Nathalie Pham', 'withdrawal', 'refiling', 'extension', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'connection', 'March', 'seller', 'interest', 'FTC', 'review', 'Consummation', 'expiration', 'termination', '11:59 P', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Requests', 'documents', 'questions', 'telephone', 'shareholders', 'Banks', 'Brokers', 'Story', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'projections', 'estimates', 'marketing', 'product', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'development', 'words', 'anticipates', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'delays', 'availability', 'timeline', 'receipt', 'possibility']",2023-04-10,2023-04-11,finance.yahoo.com
22562,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/10/2643960/0/en/Press-Release-Sanofi-announces-withdrawal-and-refiling-of-Premerger-Notification-and-Report-Form-under-the-HSR-Act-and-extension-of-tender-offer-to-acquire-Provention-Bio-Inc.html,Press Release: Sanofi announces withdrawal and refiling of Premerger Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act and extension of tender offer to acquire Provention Bio  Inc.,Sanofi announces withdrawal and refiling of Premerger Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act and extension of tender offer to acquire Provention Bio  Inc.,English FrenchSanofi announces withdrawal and refiling of Premerger Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act and extension of tender offer to acquire Provention Bio  Inc.Paris  France – April 10  2023 – Sanofi announced today that it has withdrawn and refiled its Premerger Notification and Report Form under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976  as amended (the “HSR Act”)  in connection with Sanofi’s pending acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc. As previously announced on March 24  2023  Sanofi commenced a cash tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock of Provention Bio  Inc. (the “Shares”)  for $25.00 per Share  to the seller thereof in cash  without interest and subject to any withholding taxes required by applicable law.Sanofi has elected to withdraw and refile its Premerger Notification and Report Form  which was initially filed on March 24  2023  to provide the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) with additional time for review. Following such refiling  the waiting period under the HSR Act will expire at 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 25  2023. The acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023.Consummation of the tender offer remains subject to  among other conditions  the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act. As a result  Sanofi is extending the tender offer  which was previously scheduled to expire at one minute after 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 20  2023  until one minute after 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 26  2023. The tender offer may be extended further in accordance with the merger agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). All other terms and conditions of the tender offer will remain unchanged during the extended period.Innisfree M&A Incorporated is acting as information agent for the tender offer. Requests for documents and questions regarding the tender offer may be directed to Innisfree M&A Incorporated by telephone  toll-free at (877) 800-5195 for shareholders  or collect at (212) 750-5833 for Banks and Brokers.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements may include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product  and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “will be”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful and risks related to Sanofi’s ability to complete the acquisition on the proposed terms or on the proposed timeline  including the receipt of required regulatory approvals  the possibility that competing offers will be made  other risks associated with executing business combination transactions  such as the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully  that such integration may be more difficult  time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the acquisition will not be realized  as well as other risks related Sanofi’s business  including the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Additional Information for US Shareholders and Where to Find ItThis communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Provention Bio  Inc. Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a tender offer statement on Schedule TO  and Provention Bio  Inc. has filed a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9  all with respect to the Offer (as defined in those documents). HOLDERS OF SHARES OF PROVENTION BIO  INC. ARE URGED TO READ THE RELEVANT TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE OFFER TO PURCHASE  THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND THE OTHER TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICIATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT PROVENTION BIO  INC. STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING SHARES. The Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  are available to holders of shares of Provention Bio  Inc. at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement are available for free at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Sanofi’s Investor Relations Department at ir@sanofi.com or on Sanofi’s website at https://en.sanofi.com/investors or by contacting Kristen Kelleher  Investor Relations  at investorrelations@proventionbio.com  or on Provention Bio  Inc.’s website  www.proventionbio.com.In addition to the Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  Sanofi files annual and special reports and other information with the SEC and Provention Bio.  Inc. files annual  quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Sanofi and Provention Bio.  Inc. at the SEC public reference room at 100 F. Street  N.E.  Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Sanofi’s and Provention Bio.  Inc.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.govAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.14,0.65,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Premerger Notification', 'Report Form', 'HSR Act', 'tender offer', 'Provention Bio', 'Sanofi', 'withdrawal', 'refiling', 'extension', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'Innisfree M&A Incorporated', 'Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act', 'U.S. Securities', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'Federal Trade Commission', 'SNY Media Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'future financial results', 'potential future revenues', 'applicable waiting period', 'cash tender offer', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'future performance', 'Exchange Commission', 'Investor Relations', 'actual results', 'regulatory approvals', 'HSR Act', 'applicable law', 'applicable rules', 'extended period', 'forward-looking information', 'English French', 'Premerger Notification', 'Report Form', 'Provention Bio', 'common stock', 'withholding taxes', 'additional time', 'Eastern Time', 'second quarter', 'one minute', 'merger agreement', 'other terms', 'information agent', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Eva Schaefer-Jansen', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'other potential', 'underlying assumptions', 'similar expressions', 'other things', 'government regulation', 'commercial potential', 'proposed terms', 'competing offers', 'outstanding shares', 'other conditions', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Nathalie Pham', 'various risks', 'other risks', 'pending acquisition', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Felix Lauscher', 'withdrawal', 'refiling', 'extension', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'connection', 'March', 'seller', 'interest', 'FTC', 'review', 'Consummation', 'expiration', 'termination', '11:59 P', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Requests', 'documents', 'questions', 'telephone', 'shareholders', 'Banks', 'Brokers', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'impossible', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'projections', 'estimates', 'marketing', 'product', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'development', 'words', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'delays', 'availability', 'timeline', 'receipt', 'possibility']",2023-04-10,2023-04-11,globenewswire.com
22563,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Sanofi-announces-withdrawal-and-refiling-of-Premerger-Notification-and-Report-Form-un-43460942/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230410,Press Release: Sanofi announces withdrawal and refiling of Premerger Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act and extension of tender offer to acquire Provention Bio  Inc.,(marketscreener.com)  Sanofi announces withdrawal and refiling of Premerger Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act and extension of tender offer to acquire Provention Bio  Inc. Paris  France – April 10  2023 – Sanofi announced today that it has withd…,Sanofi announces withdrawal and refiling of Premerger Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act and extension of tender offer to acquire Provention Bio  Inc.Paris  France – April 10  2023 – Sanofi announced today that it has withdrawn and refiled its Premerger Notification and Report Form under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976  as amended (the “HSR Act”)  in connection with Sanofi’s pending acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc. As previously announced on March 24  2023  Sanofi commenced a cash tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock of Provention Bio  Inc. (the “Shares”)  for $25.00 per Share  to the seller thereof in cash  without interest and subject to any withholding taxes required by applicable law.Sanofi has elected to withdraw and refile its Premerger Notification and Report Form  which was initially filed on March 24  2023  to provide the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) with additional time for review. Following such refiling  the waiting period under the HSR Act will expire at 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 25  2023. The acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023.Consummation of the tender offer remains subject to  among other conditions  the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act. As a result  Sanofi is extending the tender offer  which was previously scheduled to expire at one minute after 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 20  2023  until one minute after 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 26  2023. The tender offer may be extended further in accordance with the merger agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). All other terms and conditions of the tender offer will remain unchanged during the extended period.Innisfree M&A Incorporated is acting as information agent for the tender offer. Requests for documents and questions regarding the tender offer may be directed to Innisfree M&A Incorporated by telephone  toll-free at (877) 800-5195 for shareholders  or collect at (212) 750-5833 for Banks and Brokers.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements may include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product  and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “will be”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful and risks related to Sanofi’s ability to complete the acquisition on the proposed terms or on the proposed timeline  including the receipt of required regulatory approvals  the possibility that competing offers will be made  other risks associated with executing business combination transactions  such as the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully  that such integration may be more difficult  time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the acquisition will not be realized  as well as other risks related Sanofi’s business  including the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Additional Information for US Shareholders and Where to Find ItThis communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Provention Bio  Inc. Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a tender offer statement on Schedule TO  and Provention Bio  Inc. has filed a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9  all with respect to the Offer (as defined in those documents). HOLDERS OF SHARES OF PROVENTION BIO  INC. ARE URGED TO READ THE RELEVANT TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE OFFER TO PURCHASE  THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND THE OTHER TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICIATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT PROVENTION BIO  INC. STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING SHARES. The Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  are available to holders of shares of Provention Bio  Inc. at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement are available for free at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Sanofi’s Investor Relations Department at ir@sanofi.com or on Sanofi’s website at https://en.sanofi.com/investors or by contacting Kristen Kelleher  Investor Relations  at investorrelations@proventionbio.com  or on Provention Bio  Inc.’s website  www.proventionbio.com.In addition to the Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  Sanofi files annual and special reports and other information with the SEC and Provention Bio.  Inc. files annual  quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Sanofi and Provention Bio.  Inc. at the SEC public reference room at 100 F. Street  N.E.  Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Sanofi’s and Provention Bio.  Inc.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.govAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.29,0.53,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Premerger Notification', 'Report Form', 'HSR Act', 'tender offer', 'Provention Bio', 'Sanofi', 'withdrawal', 'refiling', 'extension', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'Innisfree M&A Incorporated', 'Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act', 'U.S. Securities', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'Federal Trade Commission', 'SNY Media Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'future financial results', 'potential future revenues', 'applicable waiting period', 'cash tender offer', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'future performance', 'Exchange Commission', 'Investor Relations', 'actual results', 'regulatory approvals', 'HSR Act', 'applicable law', 'applicable rules', 'extended period', 'forward-looking information', 'Premerger Notification', 'Report Form', 'Provention Bio', 'common stock', 'withholding taxes', 'additional time', 'Eastern Time', 'second quarter', 'one minute', 'merger agreement', 'other terms', 'information agent', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'other potential', 'underlying assumptions', 'similar expressions', 'other things', 'government regulation', 'commercial potential', 'proposed terms', 'competing offers', 'outstanding shares', 'other conditions', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Eva Schaefer-Jansen', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'various risks', 'other risks', 'pending acquisition', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Nathalie Pham', 'withdrawal', 'refiling', 'extension', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'connection', 'March', 'seller', 'interest', 'FTC', 'review', 'Consummation', 'expiration', 'termination', '11:59 P', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Requests', 'documents', 'questions', 'telephone', 'shareholders', 'Banks', 'Brokers', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'impossible', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'projections', 'estimates', 'marketing', 'product', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'development', 'words', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'delays', 'availability', 'timeline', 'receipt', 'possibility', 'executin']",2023-04-10,2023-04-11,marketscreener.com
22564,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cellectis-announces-dosing-first-patient-203000649.html,Cellectis Announces Dosing of the First Patient in Europe with its In-house Manufactured Product Candidate UCART22,UCART22 is currently the most advanced allogeneic CAR T-cell product in development for relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia The BALLI-01 study (evaluating UCART22) is actively enrolling patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell ALL after FCA lymphodepletion NEW YORK ,Cellectis Inc.UCART22 is currently the most advanced allogeneic CAR T-cell product in development for relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemiaThe BALLI-01 study (evaluating UCART22) is actively enrolling patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell ALL after FCA lymphodepletionNEW YORK  April 11  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today announced that the first patient in Europe has been dosed in France with its in-house manufactured product candidate UCART22 and completed the 28-day Dose Limiting Toxicity period.“Our team has worked tirelessly to expand our BALLI-01 clinical study (evaluating UCART22) to Europe. Dosing our first patient in France with our UCART22 product candidate manufactured in-house is an important advancement for Cellectis ” said Mark Frattini  M.D.  Ph.D.  Chief Medical Officer at Cellectis. “By targeting the CD22 antigen  we aim at offering a novel therapeutic alternative to patients living with relapsed/refractory B-cell ALL  including those patients who have relapsed or did not respond to CD19-directed therapy.”UCART22 is an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate that targets CD22 and is evaluated in the BALLI-01 clinical study  a Phase 1/2a open-label study designed to evaluate the safety and clinical activity of the product candidate in patients with r/r B-cell ALL. UCART22 is currently the most advanced allogeneic CAR T-cell product in development for r/r B-cell ALL.With its proprietary GMP manufacturing facilities in both Raleigh (North Carolina) and Paris (France)  Cellectis has taken full control of UCART production and manufacturing timelines. Cellectis believes that its off-the-shelf treatment approach  coupled with its ability to manufacture UCART product candidates completely in-house  gives the Company a main advantage on the market: it potentially maximizes the chances for eligible patients to be treated without delay.Story continuesIn December 2022  Cellectis presented positive preliminary clinical data for UCART22 in a Live Webcast  that support the continued administration of UCART22 after fludarabine  cyclophosphamide and alemtuzumab (FCA) lymphodepletion in patients with r/r B-cell ALL. The BALLI-01 study (evaluating UCART22) is actively enrolling patients with r/r B-cell ALL after FCA lymphodepletion. For more information  eligibility criteria and trial locations  please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT04150497) or contact clinicaltrials@cellectis.comAbout CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about advancement  timing and progress of clinical trials (including with respect to patient enrollment and follow-up)  the timing of our presentation of data and submission of regulatory filings  the operational capabilities at our manufacturing facilities  the potential of our preclinical programs  and the sufficiency of cash to fund operations. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.16,0.42,True,English,"['Manufactured Product Candidate UCART22', 'First Patient', 'Cellectis', 'Dosing', 'Europe', 'house', '28-day Dose Limiting Toxicity period', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'advanced allogeneic CAR T-cell product', 'refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate', 'Phase 1/2a open-label study', 'proprietary GMP manufacturing facilities', 'many other important factors', 'positive preliminary clinical data', 'biopharmaceutical product candidate development', 'applicable securities laws', 'life-changing product candidates', 'The BALLI-01 study', 'BALLI-01 clinical study', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'UCART product candidates', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'unmet medical needs', 'relapsed/refractory B-cell ALL', 'r B-cell ALL', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'novel therapeutic alternative', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'product development plans', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'UCART22 product candidate', 'gene editing technology', 'shelf treatment approach', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR T-cells', 'r/r B-cell', 'clinical activity', 'clinical trials', 'therapeutic gene', 'manufacturing timelines', 'important advancement', 'UCART production', 'immune system', 'operating plans', 'various factors', 'gene therapies', 'FCA lymphodepletion', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'life-saving cell', 'first patient', 'Mark Frattini', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'CD19-directed therapy', 'North Carolina', 'full control', 'main advantage', 'Live Webcast', 'continued administration', 'FCA) lymphodepletion', 'eligibility criteria', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'patient enrollment', 'regulatory filings', 'operational capabilities', 'preclinical programs', 'numerous risks', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'CD22 antigen', 'trial locations', 'various diseases', 'cash runway', 'eligible patients', 'cancer patients', 'Cellectis Inc.', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'Europe', 'France', 'house', 'team', 'safety', 'Raleigh', 'Paris', 'ability', 'chances', 'delay', 'Story', 'December', 'fludarabine', 'cyclophosphamide', 'alemtuzumab', 'information', 'clinicaltrials', 'oncology', 'concept', 'gene-edited', '23 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'could', 'management', 'assumptions', 'timing', 'progress', 'respect', 'follow', 'up', 'presentation', 'submission', 'potential', 'sufficiency', 'operations', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'result', '®']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,finance.yahoo.com
22565,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105985250/Euronext-Announces-Highest-Cash-Volumes-In-A-Year-In-March-2023,Euronext Announces Highest Cash Volumes In A Year In March 2023,Euronext reached the third highest equity value traded in history on 17 March with €27.6 billion traded  following an uptick in volatility. Over March 2023  €12.7 billion of average daily traded volumes was reported on Euronext markets ,"(MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire - Nasdaq)C ontact s Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces highest cash volumes in a year in March 202 3Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 11 April 202 3 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for March 2023.Euronext reached the third highest equity value traded in history on 17 March with €27.6 billion traded  following an uptick in volatility. Over March 2023  €12.7 billion of average daily traded volumes was reported on Euronext markets  the highest level in 12 months. During this time  Euronext reinforced its position as the venue of price formation in Europe1 thanks to its continued superior market quality.Q1 2023 also marks the 1 million lots traded of the CAC 40 Total Return Future since its inception in October 2018  followed by two monthly volume records in a row  with average daily volume of 3 626 lots traded in January 2023 and 4 222 lots traded in February 2023. These volumes demonstrate the attractiveness of this innovative derivative product.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:CONTACTS MEDIA – Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services)+33 7 88 34 27 44 ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33About EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed issuers and around €6.8 trillion in market capitalisation as of end March 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe's leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided“as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext's subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at .© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: . In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: . To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at .1 Based on BMLL dataAttachmenteuronext pr - volumes march 2023 - 11-04-23Attachments Euronext PR - Volumes March 2023 - 11-04-23...",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Highest Cash Volumes', 'Euronext', 'Year', 'March', 'C ontact s Media Contact Investor Relations', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'CAC 40 Total Return Future', 'two monthly volume records', 'average daily traded volumes', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'average daily volume', 'total product offering', 'historical volume tables', 'superior market quality', 'innovative derivative product', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'global capital markets', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'highest cash volumes', 'main regulated market', 'third highest equity', 'Euronext N.V.', 'intellectual property rights', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'CONTACTS MEDIA', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'highest level', 'junior markets', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'third parties', 'personal data', 'applicable legislation', 'Euronext markets', 'derivatives markets', 'Euronext Clearing', 'MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire', 'price formation', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'Coralie Patri', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,930 listed issuers', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'applicable rules', 'Corporate Services', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', '1 million lots', 'end March', 'information purposes', '3,626 lots', '4,222 lots', '17 March', 'Nasdaq', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'year', '11 April', 'history', 'uptick', 'volatility', '12 months', 'time', 'position', 'venue', 'Europe1', 'continued', 'Q1', 'inception', 'October', 'January', 'February', 'attractiveness', 'address', '44 ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'order', 'regard', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'accordance', 'request']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,menafn.com
22566,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.proactiveinvestors.ca/companies/news/1011794/trust-stamp-ranked-as-one-of-the-fastest-growing-companies-in-the-us-by-financial-times-1011794.html,Trust Stamp ranked as one of the fastest-growing companies in the US by Financial Times,T Stamp Inc (NASDAQ:IDAI  EURONEXT:AIID) (dba Trust Stamp) announced that it has been ranked amongst the fastest-growing companies in the US by,T Stamp Inc (NASDAQ:IDAI  EURONEXT:AIID) (dba Trust Stamp) announced that it has been ranked amongst the fastest-growing companies in the US by,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Trust Stamp', 'growing companies', 'Financial Times', 'T Stamp Inc', 'dba Trust Stamp', 'growing companies', 'NASDAQ', 'IDAI', 'EURONEXT', 'AIID']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,proactiveinvestors.ca
22567,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-ltd-tender-172900655.html,Tetragon Financial Group Ltd - Tender Offer,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Final Results of Tender Offer to Purchase Tetragon Non-Voting Shares,"Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Final Results of Tender Offer to Purchase Tetragon Non-Voting SharesLONDON  April 11  2023Tetragon announces the final results of the ""modified Dutch auction"" tender offer to purchase a portion of the outstanding non-voting shares of Tetragon for a maximum aggregate payment of $25 000 000 in cash. The tender offer expired at 11:59 p.m. (ET) on 6 April 2023.J.P. Morgan Securities plc (which conducts its UK investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove) acted as dealer manager for the tender offer and Computershare Investor Services PLC acted as tender agent for the tender offer. As dealer manager  J.P. Morgan determined the final purchase price at which Tetragon will purchase shares in the tender offer. As tender agent  Computershare determined the final proration factor.In accordance with the terms of the tender offer  Tetragon has accepted for purchase 2 325 574 non-voting shares at a purchase price of $10.75 per share. The aggregate cost of this purchase is $24 999 920.50  excluding fees and expenses relating to the tender offer. A total of 2 433 116 Tetragon non-voting shares were properly tendered and not properly withdrawn at or below the purchase price of $10.75 per share. Because more than $25 000 000 in value of Tetragon non-voting shares was properly tendered and not properly withdrawn  the tender offer was subject to proration pursuant to the terms of the tender offer  with appropriate adjustments to avoid purchases of fractional shares. The final proration factor  which is applicable only to shares properly tendered and not properly withdrawn at the purchase price of $10.75 per share  is 87.02%  rounded to the second decimal place.1Tetragon will promptly make payment for the shares validly tendered and accepted for purchase  which is expected to occur on or about 14 April 2023. All shares tendered and not purchased in the tender offer will be promptly returned to the tendering shareholders.Story continuesAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon:Yuko ThomasInvestor Relationsir@tetragoninv.comPress Inquiries:Prosek PartnersPro-tetragon@prosek.com+44 20 3890 9193+1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.J.P. Morgan Securities plc  which is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for Tetragon and for no one else in connection with the tender offer and will not be responsible to anyone (whether or not recipient of the tender offer) other than Tetragon for providing the protections afforded to the clients of J.P. Morgan Securities plc or for providing advice in relation to the tender offer.1 The full final proration factor applied is 87.02095765019410%.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Ltd', 'Tender Offer', 'J.P. Morgan Securities plc', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'modified Dutch auction"" tender offer', 'J.P. Morgan Cazenove', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'UK investment banking business', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'UK Prudential Regulation Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'full final proration factor', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. persons', 'alternative investment fund', 'second decimal place', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'outstanding non-voting shares', 'maximum aggregate payment', 'final purchase price', 'Tetragon Non-Voting Shares', 'investment manager', 'Netherlands Authority', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'Investor Relations', 'Final Results', '2,325,574 non-voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'aggregate cost', 'tender agent', 'public offer', 'dealer manager', 'appropriate adjustments', 'fractional shares', 'tendering shareholders', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'United Kingdom', 'April', 'portion', 'cash', 'accordance', 'terms', 'fees', 'expenses', 'total', 'value', 'purchases', 'Story', 'release', 'inside', 'information', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'connection', 'recipient', 'protections', 'clients', 'advice', '11:59', '44']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,uk.finance.yahoo.com
22568,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-20848879.html,MaaT Pharma to Present Clinical Data for MaaT013 and MaaT033 at 49th EBMT Annual Meeting,"MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT ? the ""Company"")  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies TM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced that promising clinical ...","MaaT Pharma to Present Clinical Data for MaaT013 and MaaT033 at 49th EBMT Annual MeetingRegulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT ? the ""Company"")  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced that promising clinical data for its drug candidates  MaaT013 and MaaT033 will be reported in two oral presentations by Pr. Florent Malard  Professor of Hematology at the Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne University during the 49th Annual Meeting of the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (EBMT 2023) to be held as an hybrid event in Paris  France  from April 23 - 26  2023. The EBMT Annual Meeting is a leading event in Europe that focuses on cutting-edge scientific content related to transplantation and cellular therapy. The oral presentations will include data that were previously presented at the American Society of Hematology conference in December 2022.Key clinical findings with MaaT013 as compassionate use in France (Early Access Program or ""EAP"") in 81 patientsClinical results showed a GI-Overall Response Rate (ORR) of 56% including 30 complete responses (37%)  11 very good partial responses (14%) and 4 partial responses (5%) in GI-aGvHD patients 28 days after treatment initiation; 12-month overall survival was 59% in patients responding to MaaT013 treatment.A 65% ORR was observed in 31 patients treated with MaaT013 as 3rd-line therapy after failure to 2nd-line ruxolitinib treatment; 12-month overall survival in this group responding to MaaT013 treatment was 74%; similar patient population is being treated in MaaT Pharma's ongoing pivotal Phase 3 ARES clinical trial in Europe.Oral Presentation details for MaaT013:Title: Pooled Fecal Allogenic Microbiotherapy for Refractory Gastrointestinal Acute Graft-versus Host Disease: Results from the Early Access Program in FranceAbstract number: OS05-08Session Name: Oral Session 5 | GVHD (Clinical)Date/Time: Wednesday  April 26  2023 11:33 am - 11:42 am CETLocation: Amphithéâtre BleuKey clinical findings with MaaT033 in Phase 1b study CIMON- MaaT033 was shown to be safe and tolerable in 21 patients; 4 severe adverse events were reported in 4 patients  only one was considered as possibly related to the treatment by the investigator.- Treatment with MaaT033 induced increased microbiota richness as well as strong and persistent engraftment in cohorts 3 and 4 of the dose escalation study  which consisted of taking 3 capsules of the drug candidate per day.- Engraftment following MaaT033 treatment correlated with increased anti-inflammatory marker levels and reduced inflammatory marker levels in patients.- MaaT Pharma is preparing a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled pivotal Phase 2b clinical trial for MaaT033; trial start is expected in Q2 2023 as previously announced.Oral Presentation details for MaaT033:Title: Restoration of Gut Microbiota Diversity with Oral Pooled Fecal Microbiotherapy in Acute Myeloid Leukemia Patients after Intensive Chemotherapy: the Phase 1b CIMON trialAbstract number: OS06-08Session Name: Oral Session 6 | Acute Leukemia (II)Date/Time: Wednesday  April 26  2023 10:39 am - 10:48 am CETLocation: MaillotParticipants are also invited to meet with MaaT Pharma's clinical team at booth #48. All EBMT sessions that take place onsite will be live-streamed through the congress platform and will be available on-demand after they are aired live.Link to register: https://eu.eventscloud.com/ebmt23About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022 in Europe  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company's Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is the first company developing microbiome-based therapies listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release regarding future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company's control. These statements may include  but are not limited to  statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as ""target""  ""believe""  ""expect""  ""aim""  ""intend""  ""may""  ""forecast""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""project""  ""will""  ""may have""  ""likely""  ""should""  ""expect"" and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company's control that could cause the Company's actual results or performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.News published on 11 april 2023 at 12:05 and distributed by:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.24,0.39,True,English,"['49th EBMT Annual Meeting', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Clinical Data', 'MaaT013', 'MaaT033', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled pivotal Phase 2b clinical trial', 'ongoing pivotal Phase 3 ARES clinical trial', 'Refractory Gastrointestinal Acute Graft-versus Host Disease', 'Pooled Fecal Allogenic Microbiotherapy', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'Oral Pooled Fecal Microbiotherapy', 'Phase 1b CIMON trial', 'The EBMT Annual Meeting', '11 very good partial responses', '49th EBMT Annual Meeting', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Acute Myeloid Leukemia Patients', '49th Annual Meeting', 'Phase 1b study', 'novel disease targets', 'Key clinical findings', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Pr. Florent Malard', 'cutting-edge scientific content', 'GI-Overall Response Rate', 'similar patient population', 'Amphithéâtre Bleu', 'dose escalation study', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'quality control process', '12-month overall survival', 'Oral Presentation details', '4 severe adverse events', 'Phase 2 trial', 'promising clinical data', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'two oral presentations', 'Early Access Program', 'anti-inflammatory marker levels', 'Gut Microbiota Diversity', '2nd-line ruxolitinib treatment', 'Acute Leukemia', 'trial start', '4 partial responses', 'clinical team', 'clinical practice', 'Marrow Transplantation', 'Clinical results', 'acute GvHD', 'EBMT sessions', 'survival outcomes', '30 complete responses', 'Oral Session', 'oral formulations', 'microbiome therapies', 'microbiota richness', 'full diversity', 'future events', 'microbiome-based therapies', 'Regulatory News', 'drug candidates', 'Saint-Antoine Hospital', 'Sorbonne University', 'European Society', 'hybrid event', 'leading event', 'cellular therapy', 'American Society', '3rd-line therapy', 'Abstract number', 'Session Name', 'Intensive Chemotherapy', 'congress platform', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'world-leading scientists', 'first company', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Hematology conference', 'compassionate use', 'A 65% ORR', 'persistent engraftment', 'Forward-looking statements', 'GI-aGvHD patients', 'MaaT013 treatment', 'Euronext Paris', 'MaaT033 treatment', '81 patients', '31 patients', '21 patients', '4 patients', 'pioneer', 'development', 'MET', 'cancer', 'Professor', 'Blood', 'France', 'April', 'December', 'EAP', 'failure', 'group', 'Title', 'Date/Time', 'Wednesday', 'Location', 'investigator', 'strong', 'cohorts', '3 capsules', 'Q2', 'Restoration', 'II', 'Maillot', 'Participants', 'booth', 'demand', 'Link', 'eventscloud', 'ebmt23', 'oncology', 'March', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', '10:48']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,lelezard.com
22569,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-200000568.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis appoints Roger Moody as new CEO,CEST Biocartis appoints Roger Moody as new CEO Roger Moody to be appointed as new Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of DirectorsHerman Verrelst  current Chief Executive Officer  will move into the position of Executive Chairman of the Board of DirectorsAdditional extensive experience in the US diagnostic market while leveraging existing knowledge and relationships Mechelen ,PRESS RELEASE: INSIDE INFORMATION/ REGULATED INFORMATION11 April 2023  22:00 CESTBiocartis appoints Roger Moody as new CEORoger Moody to be appointed as new Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of DirectorsHerman Verrelst  current Chief Executive Officer  will move into the position of Executive Chairman of the Board of DirectorsAdditional extensive experience in the US diagnostic market while leveraging existing knowledge and relationshipsMechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 - Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces changes to its executive management. Roger Moody has been appointed to the position of Chief Executive Officer effective 24 April 2023. Herman Verrelst  who has been the Company’s Chief Executive Officer since August 2017 will move into the new position of Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors but will no longer be part of the executive management. Mr. Moody will also become a member of the Board of Directors  subject to the approval by the Company’s general shareholders’ meeting. Christian Reinaudo  who has served as Chairman of the Board since May 2018 will assume the role of Lead Independent Director  to act as principal liaison between the non-executive members of the Board and the executive leadership team.Roger Moody has more than 30 years of experience in the technology and healthcare industry and brings a unique combination of deep knowledge of molecular diagnostics in the US and a proven track record of scaling up public companies. Roger has held various senior executive positions leading strategic business development  scaling manufacturing and commercial operations and securing funding in both private and public offerings. Prior to joining Biocartis  he served as CEO of GlySure Limited  whose primary assets were sold to Baxter International (NYSE: BAX)  and held the CFO position at Nanosphere  now part of DiaSorin (Euronext Milan: DIA)  Clinical Genomics  Inc.  a colorectal cancer diagnostics company and most recently Talis Biomedical (Nasdaq: TLIS)  a point-of-care molecular diagnostics company.Story continuesThe appointment is motivated by a stronger orientation of the Company toward the US market  after having already appointed Bryan Dechairo to the Board of Directors on 21 February 2023. Subject to the approval by the general shareholders’ meeting of Mr. Moody’s appointment as director  3 out of 7 directors will be US citizens with a wealth of experience in the US diagnostic industry. An enhanced focus on the US is pivotal to Biocartis’ continued growth and Roger Moody’s appointment will add to commercial success in the US  the further build-out of the partner network and access to the US investor base.Herman Verrelst will ensure operational continuity during a transition period and further support the new CEO in investor relations  financing matters and strategic partnering. Christian Reinaudo will remain the Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee  and will act as Lead Independent Director  ensuring the independence of the Board of Directors from the Company's executive leadership team.Herman Verrelst commented: “We are pleased to welcome Roger to Biocartis. Roger brings a wealth of experience in building value in rapidly growing molecular diagnostics companies  and I look forward to partnering with him to continue expanding our fast-growing core oncology business. Together we will focus on the key drivers of continued growth by continuing to expand our menu in oncology with novel tests and by making our decentralized diagnostic solutions available to a growing customer base around the world.”“Biocartis’ record of growth has been impressive  and its fundamentals are very strong ” said Roger Moody. “Biocartis’ unique ability to address the unmet need for automation  ease-of-use and fast turn-around times in molecular oncology testing is well-recognized. I look forward to work with Herman and the executive leadership team to continue to expand our molecular diagnostic product offering and to strengthen our foothold in key markets such as the US.”Christian Reinaudo  the former Chairman of the Board of Directors  added: “The Board of Directors is convinced that the new executive leadership will bring continuity to the further accomplishment of Biocartis’ mission while adding additional experience that we believe is essential to ensure the further growth of the Company towards profitability.”----- END ----More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.2,0.03,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', 'Roger Moody', 'new CEO', 'various senior executive positions', 'molecular diagnostic product offering', 'current Chief Executive Officer', 'growing core oncology business', 'colorectal cancer diagnostics company', 'growing molecular diagnostics companies', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'care molecular diagnostics company', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'growing customer base', 'decentralized diagnostic solutions', 'general shareholders’ meeting', 'strategic business development', 'fast turn-around times', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'executive leadership team', 'new executive leadership', 'proven track record', 'Lead Independent Director', 'molecular oncology testing', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'US diagnostic market', 'US diagnostic industry', 'US investor base', 'Biocartis’ unique ability', 'Additional extensive experience', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'Biocartis’ continued growth', 'molecular testing', 'public companies', 'executive management', 'Executive Chairman', 'healthcare industry', 'unique combination', 'strategic partnering', 'US market', 'Biocartis’ record', 'new CEO', 'new position', 'additional experience', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'existing knowledge', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Mr. Moody', 'Christian Reinaudo', 'principal liaison', 'non-executive members', 'deep knowledge', 'commercial operations', 'public offerings', 'GlySure Limited', 'primary assets', 'Baxter International', 'Euronext Milan', 'Clinical Genomics', 'Talis Biomedical', 'stronger orientation', 'Bryan Dechairo', 'enhanced focus', 'commercial success', 'partner network', 'transition period', 'financing matters', 'Nomination Committee', 'key drivers', 'novel tests', 'unmet need', 'key markets', 'More information', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'US citizens', 'Biocartis’ mission', 'Herman Verrelst', 'Roger Moody', 'former Chairman', 'CFO position', 'operational continuity', 'universal access', 'April', '22:00 CEST', 'Board', 'Directors', 'relationships', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'changes', 'August', 'approval', 'May', 'role', '30 years', 'technology', 'manufacturing', 'funding', 'private', 'NYSE', 'Nanosphere', 'DiaSorin', 'Nasdaq', 'TLIS', 'point', 'Story', '21 February', 'wealth', 'Remuneration', 'independence', 'value', 'rapidly', 'menu', 'world', 'fundamentals', 'automation', 'use', 'foothold', 'accomplishment', 'profitability', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'lab', 'automated', 'result']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,uk.finance.yahoo.com
22570,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.movies.yahoo.com/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-050000230.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Announces Publication of 2022 Annual Report,Mechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces the publication of its 2022 annual report. The 2022 annual report among ...,Biocartis NVPRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION11 April 2023  07:00 CESTBiocartis Announces Publication of 2022 Annual ReportMechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces the publication of its 2022 annual report.The 2022 annual report among others includes the consolidated financial statements and performance of Biocartis for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022. The report is available as a PDF and XBRL file and can be downloaded here from the website of the Company.The audited consolidated financial statements include a presentation of the Company’s various recapitalization transactions which differs from the presentation included in the unaudited consolidated financial information published on 23 February 2023. This difference in accounting presentation mainly results from the recognition of the fair value of the new convertible bonds’ embedded conversion option and the transaction costs through the income statement  rather than directly through equity or as a deduction from liabilities. Consequently  the derecognition of the existing convertible bonds and the recognition of the new convertible bonds resulted in an accounting loss of EUR 7.3m  as opposed to an accounting gain of EUR 10.5m. The aforementioned difference in accounting treatment has no impact on the Company’s cash or on the principal amount of its financial obligations.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Story continuesBiocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.12,0.72,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', '2022 Annual Report', 'Publication', 'new convertible bonds’ embedded conversion option', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'unaudited consolidated financial information', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'existing convertible bonds', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'various recapitalization transactions', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'accurate molecular information', 'consolidated financial statements', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'accounting treatment', 'molecular testing', 'financial year', 'financial obligations', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'product labeling', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'More information', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Biocartis NV', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'XBRL file', 'fair value', 'transaction costs', 'income statement', 'accounting loss', 'accounting gain', 'principal amount', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'The Biocartis', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'Exchange Commission', 'current expectations', '2022 Annual Report', 'universal access', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'past trends', 'accounting presentation', 'other factors', 'future events', 'future performance', 'April', '07:00 CEST', 'Publication', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'others', '31 December', 'PDF', 'website', '23 February', 'difference', 'recognition', 'equity', 'deduction', 'liabilities', 'impact', 'cash', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Story', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'uses', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,uk.movies.yahoo.com
22571,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2023-4-11-veon-appoints-pricewaterhousecoopers-accountants-nv-as-auditors-for-veon-group,VEON appoints PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as auditors for VEON Group,Amsterdam  Netherlands  11 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or  together with its subsidiaries  the “Group”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that ...,Amsterdam  Netherlands  11 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or  together with its subsidiaries  the “Group”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that ...,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.', 'VEON Group', 'auditors', 'global digital operator', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd', 'Netherlands', 'Nasdaq', 'subsidiaries', 'Group']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,markets.buffalonews.com
22572,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,https://t.co/sDukvPcrh5 Euronext FX Spot Declines 13% to $1.4 Trillion in Q1 23,nan,https://t.co/sDukvPcrh5 Euronext FX Spot Declines 13% to $1.4 Trillion in Q1 23,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext FX Spot', 'Q1', 'Euronext FX Spot', 'Q1']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22573,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,CROSSWOOD And DLTX On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/ydECIeQYPf(VIANEWS… https://t.co/03BfOD27UP,nan,CROSSWOOD And DLTX On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/ydECIeQYPf(VIANEWS… https://t.co/03BfOD27UP,neutral,0.12,0.81,0.06,neutral,0.12,0.81,0.06,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'CROSSWOOD', 'DLTX', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'VIANEWS', 'BfOD27UP', 'Euronext Session', 'CROSSWOOD', 'DLTX', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'VIANEWS', 'BfOD27UP']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22574,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat steadies after USDA crop forecasts https://t.co/NGuDYfHbHY,nan,Euronext wheat steadies after USDA crop forecasts https://t.co/NGuDYfHbHY,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext wheat steadies', 'USDA crop forecasts', 'Euronext wheat steadies', 'USDA crop forecasts']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22575,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Announces Highest Cash Volumes In A Year In March 2023 https://t.co/RbFcUSvfaY,nan,Euronext Announces Highest Cash Volumes In A Year In March 2023 https://t.co/RbFcUSvfaY,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Highest Cash Volumes', 'Euronext', 'Year', 'March', 'co', 'RbFcUSvfaY', 'Highest Cash Volumes', 'Euronext', 'Year', 'March', 'co', 'RbFcUSvfaY']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22576,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat steadies after USDA crop forecasts https://t.co/SjyHNk64AU [RTRS],nan,UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat steadies after USDA crop forecasts https://t.co/SjyHNk64AU [RTRS],neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['1-Euronext wheat steadies', 'USDA crop forecasts', 'UPDATE', 'SjyHNk64AU', '1-Euronext wheat steadies', 'USDA crop forecasts', 'UPDATE', 'SjyHNk64AU']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22577,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Dublin outperformed international peers as it finished the day up 1.7% on the back of strong rallies… https://t.co/uUizHrpsni,nan,Euronext Dublin outperformed international peers as it finished the day up 1.7% on the back of strong rallies… https://t.co/uUizHrpsni,positive,0.71,0.25,0.04,positive,0.71,0.25,0.04,True,English,"['Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'strong rallies', 'day', 'back', 'uUizHrpsni', 'Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'strong rallies', 'day', 'back', 'uUizHrpsni']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22578,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EUXTF NEW ARTICLE : Euronext announces highest cash volumes in a year in March 2023 https://t.co/TxNP0pdW25 https://t.co/z4RRIQy1Gb,nan,$EUXTF NEW ARTICLE : Euronext announces highest cash volumes in a year in March 2023 https://t.co/TxNP0pdW25 https://t.co/z4RRIQy1Gb,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['highest cash volumes', 'NEW ARTICLE', 'Euronext', 'year', 'March', 'highest cash volumes', 'NEW ARTICLE', 'Euronext', 'year', 'March']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22579,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext announces highest cash volumes in a year in March 2023 https://t.co/btZ5uSODho,nan,Euronext announces highest cash volumes in a year in March 2023 https://t.co/btZ5uSODho,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['highest cash volumes', 'Euronext', 'year', 'March', 'btZ5uSODho', 'highest cash volumes', 'Euronext', 'year', 'March', 'btZ5uSODho']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22580,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat drifts lower before USDA crop forecasts https://t.co/7W9pz8io8l [RTRS],nan,Euronext wheat drifts lower before USDA crop forecasts https://t.co/7W9pz8io8l [RTRS],neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['USDA crop forecasts', 'Euronext wheat', 'W9pz8io8l', 'USDA crop forecasts', 'Euronext wheat', 'W9pz8io8l']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22581,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on April 11  05:00:00: VEON appoints PricewaterhouseCoopers Accounta… https://t.co/eBqAObrjAW,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on April 11  05:00:00: VEON appoints PricewaterhouseCoopers Accounta… https://t.co/eBqAObrjAW,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Press Release', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Accounta', 'April', 'VEON', 'Press Release', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Accounta', 'April', 'VEON']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
22582,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext 100 Index Went Up By Over 4% In The Last 10 Sessionshttps://t.co/QqOzW6JNhZ(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Inde… https://t.co/fBDXBeEFnj,nan,Euronext 100 Index Went Up By Over 4% In The Last 10 Sessionshttps://t.co/QqOzW6JNhZ(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Inde… https://t.co/fBDXBeEFnj,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 10 Sessions', 'QqOzW6JNhZ', 'VIANEWS', 'fBDXBeEFnj', 'Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 10 Sessions', 'QqOzW6JNhZ', 'VIANEWS', 'fBDXBeEFnj']",2023-04-11,2023-04-11,Unknown
