UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49994,Euroclear,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1109415391/Whats-Behind-Switzerlands-Caution-Over-Unfreezing-Russian-Assets-To-Aid-Ukraine,What's Behind Switzerland's Caution Over Unfreezing Russian Assets To Aid Ukraine?,Calls are mounting on both sides of the Atlantic for frozen Russian assets to be released to fund Ukraine's war and reconstruction costs. Switzerland,MENAFN - Swissinfo) Calls are mounting on both sides of the Atlantic for frozen Russian assets to be released to fund Ukraine's war and reconstruction costs. Switzerland is under pressure to do more. But it's not that simple. This content was published on April 10  2025 - 15:21 7 minutesPaula Dupraz-Dobias is an award-winning Geneva-based journalist covering environment  business  international organizations  humanitarian crises and Latin America.More from this authAs Russia's war in Ukraine drags on into its fourth year with no end in sight  the financial burden of the conflict has led to a growing reluctance by the new US administration to provide military and other assistance to Kyiv.While the temporary halt of military aid by the US in March has stirred Europe to boost its own support for Ukraine  calls have also been growing from a number of European leaders as well as Trump himself for Russia's frozen state assets to be used to finance Kyiv's war efforts. The European Union  which is sitting on some €200-300 billion (CHF185-279 billion) of Russian central bank cash  is already using the interest earned on the assets to support Ukraine.At the end of March  Spain's foreign minister called for the EU to consider legal options that would allow it to use those seized assets to aid Ukraine's defence. He was speaking ahead of a meeting held on March 31 which gathered foreign ministers from the G5+  a new group set up to respond to shifting US policy on Ukraine and Europe and which comprises Germany  France  Italy  Poland  Spain  the United Kingdom and the EU.Ambiguous SwitzerlandSwitzerland  a traditionally neutral country  has been ambiguous in its response to the war. It initially hesitated with its response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine  although it subsequently adopted various EU sanctions.But last year  when the bloc decided to allocate €1.5 billion in interest earned on frozen Russian sovereign assets to help Ukraine  Switzerland did not follow suit. That's because it is bound by both domestic and international obligations  which limits its ability to act. Foreign Minister Ignazio Cassis has maintained that there is no legal basis to allow the government to permanently seize the assets  and by acting outside of the law it risks losing its international credibility. The issue has also triggered heated debate over the country's neutral status.In early 2024  the EU adopted rules allowing for the central securities depository of an individual member state to request permission from its supervisory authority to release any net profit generated from frozen Russian assets. A central securities depository is an institution that holds financial instruments for clearing and settlement and allows their ownership to be transferred easily. Euroclear  a securities depository in Belgium where most of the Russian central bank's frozen assets are located  for instance  agreed to place €4 billion earned from unforeseen“windfall profits” into a special Ukraine fund in 2024.But in July  the Swiss government said it was unable to generate“any extraordinary income in connection with the funds of the Russian central bank”  and that this was an issue specific to Switzerland.CHF7.45 billion in Swiss accountsAt a briefing at the end of March  the State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (SECO) disclosed that Russian state assets frozen in Switzerland amount to CHF7.45 billion.SECO spokesman Fabian Maienfisch told SWI swissinfo in a follow-up email exchange that unlike the EU  its central securities depository“does not hold funds from the Russian central bank  meaning that no extraordinary income is generated.” The assets are instead held as liquid assets by commercial banks  and therefore do not generate windfall profits  the spokesperson wrote.More More Switzerland and frozen Russian assets: where do things stand?This content was published on Apr 23  2024 As the world's largest wealth manager  Switzerland finds itself in the spotlight over frozen Russian assets.Read more: Switzerland and frozen Russian assets: where do things stand,neutral,0.01,0.57,0.42,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['Unfreezing Russian Assets', 'Switzerland', 'Caution', 'Ukraine', 'SECO spokesman Fabian Maienfisch', 'Foreign Minister Ignazio Cassis', 'Russian central bank cash', 'award-winning Geneva-based journalist', 'up email exchange', 'largest wealth manager', 'central securities depository', 'The European Union', 'individual member state', 'unforeseen“windfall profits', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'new US administration', 'Russian state assets', 'various EU sanctions', 'frozen Russian assets', 'special Ukraine fund', 'foreign ministers', 'European leaders', 'new group', 'State Secretariat', 'frozen assets', 'liquid assets', 'reconstruction costs', 'Paula Dupraz-Dobias', 'international organizations', 'humanitarian crises', 'Latin America', 'fourth year', 'financial burden', 'growing reluctance', 'other assistance', 'temporary halt', 'legal options', 'US policy', 'United Kingdom', 'international obligations', 'legal basis', 'international credibility', 'heated debate', 'neutral status', 'supervisory authority', 'net profit', 'financial instruments', 'extraordinary income', 'Swiss accounts', 'Economic Affairs', 'commercial banks', 'military aid', 'neutral country', 'Swiss government', 'SWI swissinfo', 'war efforts', 'Ambiguous Switzerland', 'MENAFN', 'Calls', 'sides', 'Atlantic', 'pressure', 'content', 'April', '7 minutes', 'environment', 'business', 'end', 'sight', 'conflict', 'Kyiv', 'March', 'support', 'number', 'Trump', 'interest', 'Spain', 'defence', 'meeting', 'G5+', 'Germany', 'France', 'Italy', 'Poland', 'response', 'invasion', 'bloc', 'suit', 'domestic', 'ability', 'law', 'issue', 'early', 'rules', 'permission', 'institution', 'clearing', 'settlement', 'ownership', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'instance', 'July', 'connection', 'funds', 'briefing', 'follow', 'spokesperson', 'More', 'things', 'world', 'spotlight']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,menafn.com
49995,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-133500561.html,Notice to Attend the Annual General Meeting in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ),"GÖTEBORG  SE / ACCESS Newswire / April 10  2025 / Smart Eye (STO:SEYE)(OTC PINK:SMTEF)(FRA:SE9) - Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  reg. no. 556575-8371 (the ""Company"" or ""Smart Eye"")  with its registered office in Gothenburg ","Proxy  etc. Shareholders who intend to be represented by proxy shall issue a dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is executed by a legal person a certified copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent should be attached. The power of attorney may not be older than one year  however  it may be older provided that the power of attorney according to its wording is valid for a longer period  although  not more than five years from its issuance. The certificate of registration must not have been issued earlier than one year before. The power of attorney in original and  where applicable  the certificate of registration should be submitted to the Company to the address set forth above well in advance of the Annual General Meeting. A proxy form is available on the Company's website  www.smarteye.se.To be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on Monday 5 May 2025. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than Wednesday 7 May 2025are taken into account when preparing the share register.The shareholders shall in their notice to attend state name  personal identification number or company registration number  shareholding  address  phone number and  as applicable  information about any advisors (maximum two)  proxies or representatives. Information delivered upon notice to attend will be processed and used only for the Annual General Meeting. See below for further information on processing of personal data.· firstly  be entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Monday 5 May 2025 (for nominee-registered shares  also see "" Nominee-registered shares "" below)  · secondly  notify the Company of their intention to participate at the Annual General Meeting no later than on Wednesday 7 May 2025  by mail to Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  AGM 2025  Att. Mats Benjaminsson  Masthamnsgatan 3  floor 3  SE-413 27  Gothenburg  Sweden or by e-mailto arsstamma@smarteye.se .Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting shall:GÖTEBORG  SE / ACCESS Newswire / April 10  2025 / Smart Eye (STO:SEYE)(OTC PINK:SMTEF)(FRA:SE9) - Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  reg. no. 556575-8371 (the ""Company"" or ""Smart Eye"")  with its registered office in Gothenburg  gives notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday 13 May 2025 at 16.00 at the address  Masthamnsgatan 3  floor 3  SE-413 27 Gothenburg. Registration starts at 15.30.Story ContinuesPROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting. 2. Election of Chairman at the Annual General Meeting. 3. Preparation and approval of the voting list. 4. Approval of the agenda. 5. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes. 6. Determination as to whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. 7. Submission of the annual report and the auditors' report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditors' report for the group. In connection thereto  a presentation by the CEO. 8. Resolution regarding a. adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet  b. allocation of the Company's profits or losses in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  c. discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability. 9. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors  deputies  auditors and deputy auditors. 10. Election of members of the Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors and auditor.The Nomination Committee's proposal:a. Anders Jöfelt (re-election) b. Lars Olofsson (re-election) c. Mats Krantz (re-election) d. Cecilia Wachtmeister (re-election) e. Magnus Jonsson (re-election) f. Maria Hedengren (new election) g. Andreas Anyuru (new election)Election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee's proposal:h. Anders Jöfelt (re-election)Election of the auditor.The Nomination Committee's proposal:i. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (new election)11. Determination of fees for members of the Board of Directors and auditor. 12. Principles for the appointment of the members of the nomination committee. 13. Resolution to adopt a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options for employees within the Smart Eye group and resolution on a directed issue of warrants. 14. Resolution to carry out a directed issue of warrants to Smart Eye and approval of subsequent transfer of warrants. 15. Resolution to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues. 16. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE'S PROPOSALS UNDER ITEMS 2  9  10  11 AND 12The Nomination Committee  consisting of Anna Magnusson (appointed by Första AP-fonden)  chairman  Malin Björkmo (appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder)  Mary Irwin (appointed by the family Krantz) and Linda Jöfelt (appointed by the family Jöfelt) has submitted the following proposals.Item 2 - Election of Chairman at the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Jöfelt  or in his absence  the person designated by the Nomination Committee  is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 -Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors  deputies  auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of seven (7) ordinary members without deputies.The Nomination Committee proposes that a registered accounting firm is to be appointed as auditor.Item 10 -Election of members of the Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors and auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Jöfelt  Lars Olofsson  Mats Krantz  Cecilia Wachtmeister and Magnus Jonsson are re-elected as well as new election of Maria Hedengren and Andreas Anyuru as members of the Board of Directors. All elections for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Further  the Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Jöfelt is re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Information regarding the proposed new Board membersMaria Hedengren  born 1970Background: Maria Hedengren has 25 years of experience in executive roles at international growth companies  including as CFO of NetEnt and iZettle and CEO of Readly. She is currently active as a board member  investor and venture partner at the global investment firm Eight Roads Ventures. Maria serves on the boards of Mips AB  Stillfront Group  Scila and Feminvest  with leading roles in several audit committees. She is also a senior advisor at STJ Advisors and the founder of Oxygen First  a consulting firm supporting scale-ups through phases of growth and capital raising.Shareholding: 3 200Maria is independent in relation to the Company and its management as well as the major shareholders.Andreas Anyuru  born 1977Background: Andreas Anyuru has extensive experience from technology-driven industries and innovation-oriented roles  with a particular focus on AI and advanced software systems. He is currently Chief Technology Officer at Consafe Logistics  where he leads the company's research and development efforts. Prior to this  Andreas held senior engineering leadership roles at Arm and Ericsson  with a strong focus on software architecture  performance optimization  and machine learning. He currently serves on the boards of Systemite AB and Nohau Solutions AB.Shareholding: 3 200Andreas is independent in relation to the Company and its management as well as the major shareholders.Further information about the Board members proposed for re-election can be found on the Company's website  www.smarteye.se.Further  the Nomination Committee proposes that  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  the registered accounting firm Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB be elected as auditor. In the event that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is elected  the Nomination Committee notes that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed that public accountant Johan Malmqvist will be appointed as auditor in charge.Item 11 - Determination of fees for members of the Board of Directors and auditorAmount from previous year in () for comparisonThe Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the Board of Directors shall be paid with SEK 700 000 (560 000) to the Chairman of the Board of Directors  SEK 450 000 (350 000) to the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 310 000 (270 000) to each of the other members of the Board of Directors. Remuneration is not paid to members who are employed by the group.Further  remuneration for committee work shall be paid with SEK 155 000 (140 000) to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  SEK 65 000 (55 000) to each of the other members of the Audit Committee (no more than two persons)  SEK 63 000 (63 000) to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 42 000 (42 000) to the other member of the Remuneration Committee (no more than one person).The Nomination Committee proposes that the fee to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved statement of costs.Item 12 - Principles for the appointment of the members of the nomination committeeThe Nomination Committee has reviewed the current principles for the appointment of the members of the Nomination Committee and has decided to not propose any changes.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROPOSALS UNDER ITEMS 8B  13  14 AND 15Item 8B - Resolution regarding allocation of the Company's profits or losses in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that the funds at the Annual General Meetings' disposal shall be carried forward  and  thus  that no dividend shall be paid.Item 13 - Resolution to adopt a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options for employees within the Smart Eye group and resolution on a directed issue of warrantsThe Board of Directors' of Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ) (the ""Company"" or ""Smart Eye"") proposal that the Annual General Meeting resolve on (13A.) the adoption of a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options directed at employees within the Smart Eye group (the ""Share Option Programme 2025"")  and (13B.) directed issue of warrants (Series 2025/2028) to the Company. The resolutions under 13A-13B below are conditional on each other and all decisions are therefore proposed to be adopted in one context.13A. Introduction of the Share Option Programme 2025Background and rationaleThe Company's Board of Directors believes that incentive programmes contribute to higher motivation and commitment among the employees and strengthen the bonds between the employees and the Company. The Smart Eye group has a global presence and an increased exposure to international labour markets  especially the US  which makes it essential for the Company to be able to offer remuneration to current and future employees in line with the market. For the purpose of enabling the Company to attract necessary competence and to engage the current employees in the Company's present and future development the Board of Directors further considers competitive compensations to be necessary. In view of these considerations  it is the Board of Directors' opinion that the Share Option Programme 2025  combined with other remuneration  will benefit both the employees and the Company's shareholders through long-term increased share value.Summary of the programmeThe Board of Directors' ambition is that the Annual General Meeting annually adopts an incentive programme for the Company's employees. The Share Option Programme 2025 is proposed to comprise of the CEO  senior executives  key individuals and other employees  meaning that not more than approximately 200 employees within the Smart Eye group will be able to participate (the ""Participants""). Under the Share Option Programme 2025  participants are given the opportunity to receive shares free of charge  so called ""Performance Shares""  in accordance with the terms and conditions described below.Within the scope of the Share Option Programme 2025 the Company will grant Participants rights to Performance Shares  entailing the right to  provided that certain criteria are fulfilled  receive Performance Shares free of charge (""Rights""). One (1) Right entitles the Participant to receive one (1) Performance Share provided that the conditions are fully met.Terms and conditions1. The maximum number of Performance Shares will amount to 652 000  whereby 547 000 shares shall be allotted to Participants and 105 000 shares shall be used by the Company to cover social security contributions associated with the programme. 2. Vesting of Rights occurs during the period from 15 July 2025 up to and including 15 July 2028 (""Vesting Period""). 3. Vesting of Rights will be made proportionately with one third (1/3) per year and requires that the Participant's employment remains as of 15 July 2026  15 July 2027  and 15 July 2028  respectively. 4. To be granted the maximum amount of Rights  the Participant must have been employed throughout the whole Vesting Period. 5. The Rights may not be transferred or pledged. 6. Every Right could entitle the Participant to receive one Performance Share free of charge at the end of the Vesting Period (with some exceptions whereas the Vesting Period can be brought forward). If the Participants' employment is terminated before a Vesting Period the Participant shall retain already vested Rights  however  the Rights shall not entitle to Performance Shares prior to the end of the Vesting Period. 7. Allotment of Performance Shares is  except for the above stated  conditional on the achievement  partly or fully  of the performance criteria A-C below established by the Board of Directors (""Performance Criterias""). One third (1/3) of future allotment of Performance Shares is attributable to each of the Performance Criterias.i. Performance Criteria A - the Company's total salesPerformance Criteria A is based on the Company's total sales for the financial year 2027. Allotment of Performance Shares attributable to Performance Criteria A is subject to the Company's total sales for the financial year 2027 exceeding SEK eight hundred million (800 000 000) (the ""Start-Level Performance Criteria A""). Allotment of Performance Shares attributable to Performance Criteria A is made linearly based on Start-Level Performance Criteria A and the level determined by the Board of Directors  in accordance with the authorization below  for full allotment of Performance Shares attributable to Performance Criteria A. No allotment of Performance Shares attributable to Performance Criteria A will take place unless the Company's total sales for the financial year 2027 exceed Start-level Performance Criteria A.ii. Performance Criteria B - EBITPerformance Criteria B is based on the Company's EBIT in the annual accounts for 2027. Allotment of Performance Shares attributable to Performance Criteria B is conditional on the Company's EBIT in the annual accounts for 2027 exceeding twelve-point five percent (12 5%) (""Start Level Performance Criteria B""). Allotment of Performance Shares attributable to Performance Criteria B is made on a linear basis based on Start-Level Performance Criteria B and the level determined by the Board of Directors  in accordance with the authorization below  for full allotment of Performance Shares attributable to Performance Criteria B. No allotment of Performance Shares attributable to Performance Criteria B will take place unless the Company's EBIT in the annual financial statements for 2027 exceeds Start-level Performance Criteria B.The Board of Directors is authorized to determine the detailed levels for allotment of Performance Shares for Performance Criteria A and Performance Criteria B  taking into account the Start Level Performance Criteria's A-B and within the framework of the terms and conditions of the Share Option Programme 2025.iii. Performance Criteria C - ESG goal  safer road trafficPerformance Criteria C is based on a target established by the Company that contributes to societal benefit by the Company's software for DMS (Driver Monitoring System) contributing to making road traffic safer. The Company's assessment is that Smart Eye's software for DMS contributes to reducing traffic accidents caused by fatigue  distraction and dangerous behavior in the vehicle. Performance Criteria C therefore means that if Smart Eye's software for DMS is installed in motor vehicles corresponding to a global market share of at least 40% of newly produced vehicles in 2027 (excluding vehicles for use in China) installed with camera-based DMS  the maximum allotment of Performance Shares attributable to Performance Criteria C will take place. No allotment of Performance Shares attributable to Performance Criteria C will take place unless Performance Criteria C is met.8. The Board of Directors  or a special committee set up by the Board of Directors  shall be responsible for preparing the detailed design and administration of the terms and conditions of the Share Option Programme 2025  in accordance with the presented terms and guidelines including provisions on recalculation in the event of an in‑between bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or similar measures. In connection therewith  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet specific foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors shall also be entitled to make other adjustments if significant changes occur in the Smart Eye group or in its environment that would result in that the adopted terms for the Share Option Programme 2025 no longer fulfils their objectives. 9. The Company shall  within three (3) months from the end of the Vesting Period  ensure that Performance Shares corresponding to the number of vested Rights are delivered to Participants. The Board of Directors shall  in connection therewith  be entitled to postpone the date of delivery of Performance Shares if the Participant is not allowed to acquire shares during the period.Allocation of RightsThe Share Option Programme 2025 shall comprise of not more than approximately 200 employees within the Smart Eye group. The maximum number of Rights that can be allotted free of charge per Participant and category follows from the table below.Category Maximum number of Rights per person Maximum number of Rights per category CEO - category 1 20 000 20 000 Senior executives- category 2 13 200 105 600 Key individuals A - category 3 9 000 155 300 Key individuals B - category 4 3 500 122 500 Others - category 5 1 800 143 600Remaining Rights in a category can be offered a Participant in an alternative category.Costs for the programmeThe Share Option Programme 2025 will be accounted for in accordance with K3 which means that the Rights shall be expensed as a non-cash personnel cost during the Vesting Period. The costs for the Share Option Programme 2025 are presumed to amount to approximately MSEK 19.4  excluding social security contributions  calculated in accordance with K3 and supported by the Monte Carlo valuation model on the basis of the following assumptions: (i) a closing price on Nasdaq First North Growth Market on 8 April 2025 corresponding to SEK 48.90  (ii) that Performance Criteria A is met at 80%  (iii) that Performance Criteria B is met at 75%  (iv) that Performance Criteria C is met  (v) a term of three years and (vi) an estimated annual employee turnover of 5 percent. Based on the same assumptions as above  and assuming social security contributions of approximately 19.3 percent and a share price increase of 50 per cent from the beginning of the Share Option Programme 2025 until Participants are allotted Performance Shares  the costs for social security contributions are estimated  which will be covered through hedging measures in the form of warrants  to amount to approximately MSEK 5.6. Since the costs of social security contributions will be secured through hedging measures in the form of issuance of warrants it is assessed that the Share Option Programme 2025 will have no impact on the Company's cash flow.Effects on key ratios and dilutionUpon maximum allotment of Performance Shares and provided that hedging measures under item 13(B) below are adopted  meaning that not more than 547 000 shares will be delivered to Participants in accordance with the Share Option Programme 2025  and that 105 000 shares will be used to cover any social security contributions resulting from the Share Option Programme 2025  the additional dilution effect will amount to a maximum of 1.7 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company per the day of the convening notice. If all incentive programmes that run concurrently with the Share Option Programme 2025  i.e. the Share Option Programmes 2023 and 2024  are included in the calculation the total dilution effect amounts to a maximum of 4.9 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company per the day of the convening notice.The Share Option Programme 2025 is expected to have only a marginal impact on key performance indicators.Preparation of the proposalThe Share Option Programme 2025 has been prepared by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisers.Additional ongoing share-based incentive programmesInformation regarding the Company's current incentive programmes is available in the Company's Annual Report for year 2024and the main terms and conditions of the programmes are available on the Company's website  www.smarteye.se. Apart from the programmes now mentioned  there are no other share-based incentive programmes in Smart Eye.Delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the Share Option Programme 2025In order to be able to implement the Share Option Programme 2025 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered various methods to ensure delivery of Performance Shares. In doing so  the Board of Directors has found that the most cost-effective option  for the delivery of Performance Shares to participants and coverage of social security contributions  is to issue warrants. The Board of Directors therefore proposes that the Annual General Meeting  in accordance with item (13B.) below  resolves to issue a total of not more than 652 000 warrants to the Company with the right and obligation to manage the warrants in accordance with the Board's directives.13B. Directed issue of warrants under the Share Option Programme 2025 to the Company and approval of subsequent transfer of warrantsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  issue not more than 652 000 warrants  as a result of which the Company's share capital may increase by amaximum of SEK 65 200. The following conditions shall apply.1. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company. 2. The right to subscribe for the 652 000 warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  only vest with the Company. The Company shall have the right to  in connection with the end of the term 15 July 2028  transfer the warrants to participants or a financial intermediary for delivery of shares to participants and for coverage of social security contributions in connection with utilisation. 3. The warrants shall be issued free of charge. 4. The subscription for warrants shall be made no later than 15 July 2025 on a subscription list. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for subscription. 5. The subscription of shares through warrants shall be made during a period from 15 July 2028 to and including 15 September 2028. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period  however  by a maximum of six months. 6. The subscription price for each share at the time of exercise of the warrants shall correspond to the quota value of the share at the time of subscription of the shares. The subscription price shall be paid in cash. 7. Shares which are issued following subscription shall entitle to dividend on the record date for dividends that falls immediately after the new shares have been entered in the Company's share register with Euroclear Sweden AB.The subscription price upon exercise of warrants and the number of shares to which each warrant provides an entitlement to subscribe may be adjusted in accordance with section 8 of the terms and conditions for warrants.Oversubscription cannot take place.The rationale for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights is to implement the Share Option Programme 2025 for employees within the Smart Eye group.Special authorisationsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting instruct the Board of Directors to implement the decisions above and to ensure that the Share Option Programme 2025 is introduced in accordance with the above mentioned.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting instruct the Board of Directors  or whomever the Board of Directors appoints  to make such minor adjustments in the abovementioned proposed resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such minor adjustments to the Share Option Programme 2025 as prompted by applicable foreign laws and regulations.Item 14 - Resolution to carry out a directed issue of warrants to Smart Eye and approval of subsequent transfer of warrantsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  issue a total of 1 770 800 warrants  of which 554 400 warrants shall be Series 2025:1  580 000 warrants shall be Series 2026:1  and 636 400 warrants shall be Series 2027:1. As a result of the issue of warrants  the Company's share capital may increase by a maximum of SEK 177 080. The following conditions shall apply.1. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company. 2. The right to subscribe for the 1 770 800 warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  only vest with Smart Eye. The Company shall have the right to  in connection with the end of each warrant term  transfer the warrants to participants or a financial intermediary for delivery of shares to participants and for coverage of social security contributions in connection with utilisation. 3. The warrants shall be issued free of charge. 4. The subscription for warrants shall be made no later than 15 July 2025 on a subscription list. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for subscription. 5. The subscription of shares through warrants of Series 2025:1 shall be made during a period from 15 July 2025 to and including 15 October 2025  of Series 2026:1 shall be made during a period from 15 May 2026 to and including 15 August 2026  and of Series 2027:1 shall be made during a period from 15 July 2027 to and including 15 September 2027. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period  however  by a maximum of six months. 6. The subscription price for each share at the time of exercise of the warrants shall correspond to the quota value of the share at the time of subscription of the shares. The subscription price shall be paid in cash. 7. Shares which are issued following subscription shall entitle to dividend on the record date for dividends that falls immediately after the new shares have been entered in the Company's share register with Euroclear Sweden AB.The subscription price upon exercise of warrants and the number of shares to which each warrant provides an entitlement to subscribe may be adjusted in accordance with section 8 of each of the terms and conditions for warrants.Oversubscription cannot take place.The rationale for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights is to align the legal and administrative procedure for execution of the Share Option Programmes adopted in 2022  2023 and 2024 respectively  with the procedure established for the proposed Share Option Programme 2025. Alignment of the procedures for the active Share Option Programs will benefit the Company as it will promote administratively effective and cost-efficient handling and execution of the Share Option Programmes.A resolution to issue warrants in accordance with this item 14 will result in previous issues of warrants as listed below losing their purpose and shall not be exercised  thus  the previous aggregated dilution pursuant to the already issued warrants will remain unchanged.The reason for the difference in the number of warrants in the resolution at the Extraordinary General Meeting on 29 June 2022 and series 2025:1 is due to a customary recalculation carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Share Options Programme 2022 after the rights issue carried out in 2023.- The 440 000 warrants issued in 2022  following the resolution at the Extraordinary General Meeting on June 29  2022  for the purpose of enabling implementation of the Share Option Programme 2022  shall not be exercised.- The 580 000 warrants issued in 2023  following the resolution at the Annual General Meeting on May 3  2023  for the purpose of enabling implementation of the Share Option Programme 2023  shall not be exercised.- The 636 400 warrants issued in 2024  following the resolution at the Annual General Meeting on May 17  2024  for the purpose of enabling implementation of the Share Option Programme 2024  shall not be exercised.Special authorisationsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting instruct the Board of Directors to implement the decision above.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting instruct the Board of Directors  or whomever the Board of Directors appoints  to make such minor adjustments in the abovementioned proposed resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 15 - Resolution to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issuesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  on one or several occasions and with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  to resolve on new share issues.The authorisation may be utilised for new issues of shares  which may be made with provisions regarding contribution in cash  in kind or through set-off corresponding to not more than 10 per cent of the registered share capital in the Company at the time of the issue resolution. The subscription price shall be determined on market terms and conditions. However  in order to enable delivery of shares in connection with a cash issue as described above  this may  if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate  be made at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares  whereby the issue is directed to an issuing agent that acts as a settlement bank for investors.Deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights shall be possible in connection with future investments in the form of acquisitions of operations  companies  shares in companies or otherwise for the Company's continued expansion. If the Board of Directors resolves on an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the rationale shall be that the Board of Directors shall be able to issue shares in the Company to be used as a means of in-kind payment or the right to offset debt or to in a flexible and cost-efficient manner raise capital to use as means of payment or to continuously adjust the Company's capital structure.The Board of Directors  or any person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to make any adjustments or amendments of the above resolution which may be required in connection with the registration of such resolution and to take any other measure deemed necessary for the execution of the resolution._______________________Special majority requirementFor valid resolutions in accordance with item 13A-13B and item 14above  it is required that the proposals be supported by at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting.For valid resolution in accordance with item 15 above  it is required that the proposals be supported by at least two thirds (2/3) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting.Shareholders' right to obtain informationShareholders are reminded of their right to  at the Annual General Meeting  obtain information from the Board of Directors and CEO in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may do so by sending via e-mail to arsstamma@smarteye.se or by post to Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  AGM 2025  Att. Mats Benjaminsson  Masthamnsgatan 3  floor 3  SE-413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden.Number of shares and votesThe number of shares and votes in Smart Eye amounts to 37 456 653 per the day for the issuance of this notice. The Company does not hold any treasury shares.DocumentationThe annual report and all other documentation for resolutions will  no later than two weeks before the Annual General Meeting  be kept available on the Company's website  www.smarteye.se  at the Company's premises with address Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  Masthamnsgatan 3  floor 3  SE‑413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden and will be sent to those shareholders who so request and state their postal address or e-mail address.The Board of Directors' proposal in accordance with item 15 is fully formulated in the convening notice.The Nomination Committee's complete proposals and reasoned statement as well as information regarding proposed Board members is available on the Company's website stated above.Processing of personal dataFor information about how your personal data is processed  it is referred to the privacy notice available at Euroclear's webpage: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________________________Gothenburg in April 2025Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information:Martin Krantz  CEO Smart Eye ABPhone: +46 70-329 26 98Email: martin.krantz@smarteye.seAbout Smart EyeSmart Eye is the leading provider of Human Insight AI  technology that understands  supports and predicts human behavior in complex environments. The company is on a mission to bridge the gap between humans and machines for a safe and sustainable future. Supported by Affectiva and iMotions - companies it acquired in 2021 - Smart Eye's multimodal software and hardware solutions provide unparalleled insight into human behavior.In automotive  Smart Eye's driver monitoring systems and interior sensing solutions improve road safety and the mobility experience. The company's eye tracking technology and iMotions biosensor software platform are also used in behavioral research to enable advanced research in academic and commercial sectors. In media analytics  Affectiva's Emotion AI provides the world's largest brands and market researchers with a deeper understanding of how consumers engage with content  products  and services.Founded in 1999  Smart Eye is a global company headquartered in Sweden  with customers including NASA  Nissan  Boeing  Honeywell  Volvo  GM  BMW  Polestar  Geely  Harvard University  26 percent of the Fortune Global 500 companies  and over 1 300 research organizations around the world.Visit www.smarteye.ai for more information.Visit our investor web for more financial information: https://smarteye.se/investors/Smart Eye is listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market. The Company's Certified Adviser is Bergs Securities AB.AttachmentsNotice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)SOURCE: Smart EyeView the original press release on ACCESS Newswire",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.42,0.58,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Smart Eye Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'i. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB', 'OTC PINK:SMTEF', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Anders Jöfelt', 'long-term incentive programme', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'performance-based share options', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Smart Eye Aktiebolag', 'consolidated income statement', 'personal identification number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'new share issues', 'Smart Eye group', 'voting right registration', 'company registration number', 'annual report', 'right registrations', 'personal data', 'voting list', 'share register', 'phone number', 'legal person', 'certified copy', 'longer period', 'five years', 'Monday 5 May', 'Wednesday 7 May', 'Mats Benjaminsson', 'GÖTEBORG', 'ACCESS Newswire', 'registered office', 'Tuesday 13 May', 'two persons', 'Lars Olofsson', 'Mats Krantz', 'Cecilia Wachtmeister', 'Maria Hedengren', 'Andreas Anyuru', 'subsequent transfer', ""auditors' report"", 'deputy auditors', 'Such registration', 'nominee-registered shares', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'directed issue', 'new election', 'one year', 'state name', 'dated power', 'proxy form', 'Shareholders', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'equivalent', 'wording', 'issuance', 'original', 'address', 'advance', 'website', 'smarteye', 'addition', 'notification', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'notice', 'shareholding', 'information', 'advisors', 'proxies', 'representatives', 'processing', 'intention', 'mail', 'publ', 'AGM', 'Att.', 'Masthamnsgatan', 'floor', 'Gothenburg', 'arsstamma', 'April', 'SEYE', 'FRA', 'Story', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'connection', 'presentation', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profits', 'losses', 'discharge', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'liability', 'deputies', 'proposal', 'Magnus', 'Jonsson', 'fees', 'Principles', 'appointment', 'employees', 'warrants', 'Closing', '15.30', '7.', '9.', '12.']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,finance.yahoo.com
49996,Euroclear,Bing API,https://tass.com/politics/1941571,Russia to fight for right to assets frozen in Europe — Kremlin,Dmitry Peskov noted at a briefing that while the Kremlin is aware of some EU countries’ position  this does not represent a broader shift in Europe’s overall stance on the issue,"MOSCOW  April 10. /TASS/. Moscow will not give up its rights to its assets frozen in the West and will not back down on this issue  Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said at a briefing.""Russia will never renounce its rights to its own assets  nor will it stop defending those rights "" he said.Earlier  High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Kaja Kallas said that some EU countries had opposed the idea of using Russian assets to support Ukraine. Kallas declined to name those countries.Peskov noted at a briefing that while the Kremlin is aware of these positions  this does not represent a broader shift in Europe’s overall stance on the issue.The European Union  Canada  the United States and Japan froze $300 billion worth of Russia's assets after the start of the special military operation. Of these  about $5-6 billion are in the United States  while the majority remain in Europe  including in the international Euroclear platform in Belgium  where $210 billion are stored. Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova warned that Russia will respond harshly if money from Russian assets is transferred to Ukraine.",neutral,0.01,0.73,0.26,negative,0.0,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['Russia', 'right', 'assets', 'Europe', 'Kremlin', 'Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova', 'Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov', 'special military operation', 'international Euroclear platform', 'The European Union', 'Foreign Affairs', 'Russian assets', 'High Representative', 'Security Policy', 'broader shift', 'overall stance', 'United States', '$300 billion worth', 'Kaja Kallas', 'EU countries', 'MOSCOW', 'April', 'TASS', 'rights', 'West', 'issue', 'briefing', 'idea', 'Ukraine', 'positions', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'start', 'majority', 'Belgium', 'money']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,tass.com
49997,Euroclear,Bing API,https://eadaily.com/en/news/2025/04/10/callas-is-upset-a-number-of-countries-are-categorically-against-spending-russias-assets-on-ukraine,Callas is upset: A number of countries are categorically against spending Russia's assets on Ukraine — EADaily  April 10th  2025 — Politics  Russia,Some EU countries are categorically opposed to the use of Russian assets frozen in the West for the needs of Ukraine. This was stated by the EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Kaya Kallas in an interview with the Estonian broadcaster ERR.,"Some EU countries are categorically opposed to the use of Russian assets frozen in the West for the needs of Ukraine. This was stated by the EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Kaya Kallas in an interview with the Estonian broadcaster ERR.""When it comes to frozen Russian assets  we are in discussions with 27 participating countries. We are preparing because there are some risks and we need to find ways to minimize them. Besides  some countries are categorically against it "" she said.Callas refused to specify which states are in question.""I can't name names  you can read about everything in the media  and it won't be difficult to find out "" the head of the European diplomacy added  according to TASS.Earlier  Callas said that the EU intends to provide Ukraine with € 2.1 billion in profits from Russia's frozen assets by the end of April.The European Union  Canada  the United States and Japan froze Russia's assets in the amount of about $ 300 billion after the start of a special military operation. Of these  about $ 5-6 billion are in The United States  and most of it in Europe  including at the Euroclear international site in Belgium  where $210 billion is stored. The official representative of the Russian Foreign Ministry  Maria Zakharova  warned that Russia would respond harshly if the proceeds from Russian assets were transferred to Ukraine.",negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Callas', 'number', 'countries', 'Russia', 'assets', 'Ukraine', 'EADaily', 'April', 'Politics', 'special military operation', 'Euroclear international site', 'The European Union', 'Russian Foreign Ministry', 'EU High Representative', 'The United States', 'Foreign Affairs', 'European diplomacy', 'official representative', 'Security Policy', 'Kaya Kallas', 'Estonian broadcaster', 'Maria Zakharova', 'Russian assets', 'EU countries', '27 participating countries', 'use', 'West', 'needs', 'Ukraine', 'interview', 'ERR', 'discussions', 'risks', 'ways', 'Callas', 'question', 'names', 'everything', 'media', 'head', 'TASS', 'profits', 'end', 'April', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'amount', 'start', 'Belgium', 'proceeds']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,eadaily.com
49998,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/fundservicesarticle.php?article_id=16646,Euroclear and Apollo collaborate,Euroclear and Apollo have partnered to widen the distribution of Apollo’s alternative solutions through Euroclear’s FundsPlace. The collaboration is said to make private market solutions more accessible to investors ,Euroclear and Apollo have partnered to widen the distribution of Apollo’s alternative solutions through Euroclear’s FundsPlace.The collaboration is said to make private market solutions more accessible to investors  including financial advisors and family offices. Apollo says it selected FundsPlace for its digital platform  which uses Goji's technology within private markets for scalable solutions.Veronique Fournier  managing director and head of EMEA global wealth at Apollo  says: “We are pleased to partner with Euroclear  leveraging their innovative platform to increase the availability of institutional-grade solutions across credit  equity and hybrid for wealth investors.”Global head of FundsPlace strategy and product development  Vincent Clause  adds: “By combining our innovative technology and global reach with Apollo’s offerings  we are redefining how investors incorporate private markets into their portfolios.”Next fund services article →Praxis re-enters Jersey fund administration market,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Apollo', 'Next fund services article', 'Jersey fund administration market', 'private market solutions', 'EMEA global wealth', 'private markets', 'global reach', 'alternative solutions', 'scalable solutions', 'institutional-grade solutions', 'financial advisors', 'family offices', 'digital platform', 'Veronique Fournier', 'managing director', 'innovative platform', 'product development', 'Vincent Clause', 'Global head', 'wealth investors', 'innovative technology', 'FundsPlace strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Apollo', 'distribution', 'collaboration', 'Goji', 'availability', 'credit', 'equity', 'hybrid', 'offerings', 'portfolios', 'Praxis']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,assetservicingtimes.com
49999,Euroclear,Bing API,https://tass.com/world/1941331,Some EU countries strongly oppose use of Russian assets for Ukraine’s needs — top diplomat,VILNIUS  April 10. /TASS/. Some EU countries vigorously object to the utilization of Russia’s assets frozen in the West for Ukraine’s requirements  High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Kaja Kallas said.,"VILNIUS  April 10. /TASS/. Some EU countries vigorously object to the utilization of Russia’s assets frozen in the West for Ukraine’s requirements  High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Kaja Kallas said.""When it comes to the frozen Russian assets  we are in talks with the 27 member states. We are making arrangements as there are certain risks and we need to find a way to address them. Besides  some countries are vehemently opposed to it "" she pointed out in an interview with Estonia's ERR broadcaster.Kallas declined to name those countries. ""I will not name them but you can read about everything in the media and it won’t be difficult to figure it out "" the top EU diplomat added.Kallas announced previously that the EU intended to provide Ukraine with 2.1 billion euros of profits from the frozen Russian assets.The EU  Canada  the US  and Japan seized Russian assets worth about $300 billion after the launch of Moscow's special military operation. Of these  about $5-6 billion are held in the United States  while the majority of them are in Europe  including at Euroclear in Belgium  where $210 billion is stored. Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova cautioned earlier that Moscow would take decisive action in response to a potential transfer of profits from the Russian assets to Ukraine.",neutral,0.01,0.68,0.31,negative,0.0,0.39,0.6,True,English,"['EU countries', 'Russian assets', 'top diplomat', 'use', 'Ukraine', 'needs', 'Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova', 'special military operation', 'top EU diplomat', 'Foreign Affairs', 'Russian assets', 'High Representative', 'European Union', 'Security Policy', '27 member states', 'ERR broadcaster', '2.1 billion euros', 'United States', 'decisive action', 'potential transfer', 'Kaja Kallas', 'EU countries', 'VILNIUS', 'April', 'TASS', 'utilization', 'West', 'Ukraine', 'requirements', 'talks', 'arrangements', 'risks', 'way', 'interview', 'Estonia', 'everything', 'media', 'profits', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'launch', 'Moscow', 'majority', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'response']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,tass.com
50000,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.di.se/pressreleaser/2025/04/10/lea-bank-ab-publ-notice-of-the-annual-general-0f03b050-598a-5fb4-9543-dd45727962ba/,Lea Bank AB (publ): Notice of the Annual General Meeting,"The shareholders of Lea Bank AB  reg. no. 559465-8196  (the ""Company"") are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday  May 14  2025  at 1:00 PM at the Company's premises at Polhemsplatsen 5 in Gothenburg.","The shareholders of Lea Bank AB  reg. no. 559465-8196  (the ""Company"") are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday  May 14  2025  at 1:00 PM at the Company's premises at Polhemsplatsen 5 in Gothenburg.Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must:be registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date  which is Tuesday  May 6  2025; andnotify their participation and any assistants no later than Thursday  May 8  2025.Shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person can register via:Link: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxyEnglish version: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1 or Email: GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or Phone: 08 - 402 91 33 (+46 8 402 91 33) or Mail: Lea Bank AB ""Annual General Meeting"" c/o Euroclear Sweden AB Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  SwedenIf shareholders wish to be represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney must be issued to the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent (""Registration Certificate"") for the legal entity must be attached. The original power of attorney and  if applicable  the registration certificate or other authorization documents should be sent to Lea Bank AB ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  well in advance of the meeting  but no later than May 7  2025. Proxy forms will be available on the Company's website https://leabank.se/about-us/investor-relations/general-meetingPrivacy notice for personal data processed in connection with a general meeting of shareholders:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfProposed AgendaOpening of the meeting Election of the chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Update by the CEO Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report for the financial year 2024 Resolutions on: a) Adoption of the income statement and balance sheet b) Appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet Determination of the number of board members Determination of fees to the board Election of board members and chairman of the board Election of auditor and determination of fees Resolution on the nomination committee's instructions Resolution on the authorization for the board to decide on the issuance of new shares Resolution on amendments to the articles of association Closing of the meetingFor the full notice and more information  see the attached document or visit https://leabank.se/about-us/investor-relations/general-meetingContact information:Oddbjørn Berentsen  CEOTel: +46 8 509 285 00Email: ir@leabank.seFöljande bilagor finns för nedladdning:Valberedningens förslag till bolagsstämma 2025Kallelse til årsstämma 2025Se fullständigt pressmeddelande och andra nyheter från detta bolag på Cision News.Vill du också synas med dina nyheter på Di.se?Läs mer om publicering på Di.se",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Lea Bank AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'fullständigt pressmeddelande och andra nyheter från', 'också synas med dina nyheter', 'Euroclear Sweden AB Box', 'financial year 2024 Resolutions', 'Oddbjørn Berentsen', 'Följande bilagor', 'Valberedningens förslag', 'Läs mer', 'Lea Bank AB', 'other authorization documents', 'Annual General Meeting', 'annual report', 'share register', 'record date', 'English version', 'legal entity', 'registration certificate', 'personal data', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'nomination committee', 'new shares', 'association Closing', 'attached document', 'bolagsstämma', 'årsstämma', 'bolag på', 'Cision News', 'publicering på', 'dated power', 'original power', 'Privacy notice', 'full notice', 'Di.se', 'board members', 'CEO Presentation', 'Contact information', 'Proxy forms', 'board Election', 'agenda Election', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'premises', 'Polhemsplatsen', 'Gothenburg', 'Tuesday', 'participation', 'assistants', 'Thursday', 'Link', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'Email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Phone', 'Stockholm', 'written', 'attorney', 'copy', 'advance', 'website', 'leabank', 'investor-relations', 'connection', 'ESw', 'Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor', 'engelska', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'Adoption', 'Appropriation', 'profit', 'number', 'fees', 'instructions', 'issuance', 'amendments', 'articles', 'Tel', 'Kallelse', 'Vill', '1:00']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,di.se
50001,Clearstream,Bing API,https://beincrypto.com/crypto-finance-fuser-tradfi-crypto/,Crypto Finance’s Alessandro Fuser on Why TradFi Can No Longer Ignore Crypto,Crypto Finance's Alessandro Fuser talks about how tradfi institutions embrace crypto  guided by evolving regulations and partnerships.,As crypto continues its transformation from fringe curiosity to legitimate asset class  traditional financial institutions are no longer sitting on the sidelines. In a candid conversation  Alessandro Fuser  Head of Sales at Crypto Finance  a firm enabling banks to navigate the digital asset world  unpacks how regulation  especially across Europe  is finally catching up with innovation.Fuser breaks down how institutions are shifting from hesitation to action  the role of trust in this transition  and why the “start small but start now” approach is key to success. From the fallout of recent hacks to the promise of deeper liquidity access and the landmark partnership with Clearstream  this conversation maps out the evolving role of crypto infrastructure in mainstream finance.Fuser on Crypto Finance Bridging TradFi and CryptoAt the end of the day  Crypto Finance provides market infrastructures to enable banks that are interested in crypto services to launch in a compliant and secured manner services across trading  custody  and post-trade settlements. My role as the head of sales is to enable them to go through this kind of journey in the safest way possible. With all the questions that  at the end of the day  different teams will have and ultimately create that level of familiarity that is needed for the traditional financial space to embrace new asset classes like cryptoTrust is important. Generally  there’s a difficulty in finding trust when there aren’t answers. The answers  especially now in 2025  obviously exist. The regulatory market is only now catching up in areas such as the European Union. So  a lot of what we do  especially as someone who’s been in Switzerland  working with Swiss banks that are alive in the space  is to provide visibility to other entrances as to how companies that they compare themselves to have done things. Phased approaches  starting in a conservative manner and only over time  add more complexity and more sophistication to the services so that they don’t have any reputational risks. They can take advantage of the opportunities of crypto as an asset class. And provide a service to their customers that is of the quality that they expect.Sponsored SponsoredShifting Attitudes and Regulations in 2025I think the biggest difference is that despite everyone knowing that regulation in Europe is coming  the regulation is now here. On the back of this  a lot of different banks are formalizing projects  which up to that point they were not and only through experience do they effectively know what should and should not be done.The speed at which a lot of these projects are now being formalized is obviously faster  mainly on the back of the elections and  to an extent  on the back of increased competitiveness that will exist with the United States now being more open to crypto as an asset class. So I think this is an important one. At the time I had talked about a degree of fragmentation in the market  when it came to custody  when it came to liquidity.I think there are a number of initiatives that are ultimately making the landscape more efficient. Some of these initiatives are happening at a crypto-native level. I think about off-exchange services  which reduce your counterpart and your risk on the custody side and allow you to have exposure to markets. But this is also true on the custodial front  with companies such as Clearstream  for example  which is a traditional ICSD offering the new asset class without reinventing the wheel  simply allowing banks that they connected to leverage the connectivity and unlock the asset class.Crypto’s Agility vs. TradFi’s Caution: Finding Common GroundI like the juxtaposition. I don’t think that the two approaches are mutually exclusive. You have a secure compliant setup that isn’t necessarily boring or excessively conservative to make you lose the opportunity. And that’s potentially where  within a protective environment  it makes sense to experiment and “break things ” to use your words. Now  Crypto Finance  specifically being a regulated entity  obviously has more constraints. Having said this  what we do is to continue being innovative by partnering with all sorts of players in the market to reinforce our service offering  to future-proof our service offering without compromising at the end of the day the reputation and especially the status quo.I would like to mention one thing  though: our experience is mainly revolving around regulated clientele and what we always advise is ‘start small  start simply  but do start’. And I think this is what has been missing in the past. The lack of certainty around certain things of even the complexity around launching a new offering  was oftentimes preventing the regulating intermediaries from getting into the space in the first place  which then resulted in a harder consumer protection because service providers were instead coming from a completely different angle.So a lot of what we do now is that we try to push to get started with simple  close-look trading and custody  allow the banks  allow the product issuers to start accumulating experience with  for example  on the product issuer’s side a single token in ETP. This is not going to be the most revolutionary thing but it allows you to understand flows  and then add complexity  adding staking and over time potentially borrowing and lending.Sponsored SponsoredAdapting to the Pace of Traditional FinanceTo an extent  I believe that the decision making is still very much low in the regulated traditional financial space. At the same time  I have seen projects in the crypto space being formalized and enacted or executed at a pace that is significantly faster compared to potentially other asset classes in the past. And the reason is two folds: the market  I think  has validated the crypto asset class sufficiently. The competitiveness of  say retail brokers  neo-banks  crypto exchanges is obviously to an extent a threat to some of the traditional players  especially retail banks for example.There have been outflows for the past couple years  which for some have hurt  but more importantly  the growth or the rate at which those outflows are happening is something that is raising the alarm here and there. So  the banks  because of this  are acting ; they’re making sure that they have the right amount of knowledge  the right amount of talent in house  and they’re starting somewhere.Neo-Banks vs Traditional Banks: A Shift in Custody ModelsI think there is a degree of disruption happening for sure. Also  the underlined service is being packaged differently but the substance isn’t really too different. I would also argue that some of the – let me use the word – “sexier” neo-banks  for example  of financial institutions that are offering cash account and investment products  oftentimes are very good at showing specific sides and not showing others. There is the general perception that traditional banking is more expensive.Of course  broadly speaking  this is probably true  if you think about the infrastructure that they have to support  but today  even crypto exchanges cycle between buying crypto assets  storing those assets  selling them and especially FX ; it’s still generating significant fees. The customers aren’t probably realising it and again  it’s an exotic market. It’s not commoditized just yet  so it is normal for there to be fees that are probably higher than a security that has been around for decades. Nonetheless  it is an attention economy and I think the TradFi is also paying attention.Managing Security Concerns After Major Exchange HacksSponsored SponsoredIt always raises eyebrows. It was obviously very unfortunate that this hack occurred. Without commenting too specifically on the matter  I think it was also managed in a way that showed maturity compared to  for example  other scandals in the past  whether it was with Terra Luna depegging  whether it was the FTX scandal. I think the market is now reacting less negatively. Of course  a bank or an asset manager with potentially trillions of assets has to go through the process of unlocking access to an asset class whilst maintaining the same level of risks standards  compliance standards and also technological security standards.It is in some ways a positive  because it allows  or it triggers the right kind of questions and I don’t believe that there is a “trust issue” in the market because today  in 2025 – and I could argue this is true already of last year – there are institutional grade solutions which are as bullet-proof as they can realistically be.What we do  specifically speaking to Crypto Finance  is making sure – we’re a regulated entity  so we have standards to maintain – that we always innovate without ultimately sidelining the core  which is security. Crypto introduces a complexity  the finality of transactions is obviously something very different compared to traditional capital markets. Private key management is something that is new to many  and we just make sure that we can keep that as sophisticated without over-engineering things. We stick with battle-tested technology  that’s generally where the market is also.How Bybit Differentiated Itself from FTXWhat is also fascinating is that what happened with Bybit is very different from what happened in the past. There was a lot more support from the community. Obviously  there was an issue with the technology. It was unfortunate that there was an attack in the first place  but I think the market as a whole showed this kind of concept that “we’re all in this together’. Now  something to keep in mind as well : a crypto exchange has a different starting point compared to other service providers  which are natively tailored to financial institutions.Exchanges started early  they started mainly with the retail type of clientele and over the years  as they became more successful  had to invest and became more sophisticated  more secure  more licensed  so on and so forth  but I think that it will still take time to reach a level of security that is ultimately sufficient for some of the larger traditional financial institutions. It could also be that they will never get there  but that is why companies like Crypto Finance and some of its rivals exist in the first place ; to act as a regulated counterparty between the market and between the client.Future Partnerships in the PipelineSponsored SponsoredCompanies like ourselves  other regulated brokers – a couple already have MiCA licences including ourselves – already have and have had for many  many years relationships with the market. This normally comes in the form of – and the reason behind this is generally tied to token availability  we need to make sure we can source liquidity from different sources  also from a purely availability or disaster recovery process  or rather business continuity.There’s nothing necessarily new and I think what brokers like ourselves will continue doing is grow their relationship with the market in a way that doesn’t expose the clientele to the market directly. Because then the value chain does become  to an extent  weaker  let’s say it this way. What I am seeing  though  is a very rapid growth in the opposite direction  where you have crypto exchanges and other types of retail native venues which are becoming more sophisticated.As the existing distribution channels in today’s market become more involved in the asset class  they are the ones that already possess a relationship with the end customers. So it is unlikely for the end customers to abandon these rails outside of an early majority and the maximalists which  of course  the market has now been dominated by over the past couple years. So  there is an incentive for the market to be  instead  rooting its flow to these new distribution actors  such as the banks  and use them as aggregators.Sponsored SponsoredAll of a sudden there’s a shift from a direct relationship between a customer – end customer  a private customer – and the exchange to the bank. It allows exchanges to continue receiving flows but it also allows the final consumer to be significantly more protected  just because of the nature of the bank that is not something in between.What’s in Store for Q2?Yes  there will be exciting announcements in Q2. But I wouldn’t be doing my job if I didn’t also bring attention to something that is very important  which is the partnership between Clearstream and Crypto Finance. As you know  we’re both owned by Deutsche Börse Group  and I believe this is the first time that  at scale  we have seen an international central securities depository and global custodian effectively unlock access to all of its clients with zero project cost  with Crypto Finance simply as the additional self-custodian link.This is as far as my world is concerned. I do expect the market to be very positively reacting to  say  the new stablecoin regulation coming over in the United States. I think all eyes are going to be on the US this year. If the first few banks come in if more products get approved  all of a sudden  Europe will have to change speed. Europe is already doing a good job but I think they’ll have to step it up even more  and I’m looking forward to more competitiveness in the market.,neutral,0.01,0.5,0.49,mixed,0.36,0.19,0.46,True,English,"['Alessandro Fuser', 'Crypto Finance', 'TradFi', 'Crypto Finance Bridging TradFi', 'harder consumer protection', 'digital asset world', 'new asset classes', 'deeper liquidity access', 'secure compliant setup', 'simple, close-look trading', 'legitimate asset class', 'traditional financial institutions', 'secured manner services', 'traditional financial space', 'traditional ICSD', 'new offering', 'conservative manner', 'mainstream finance', 'fringe curiosity', 'recent hacks', 'landmark partnership', 'post-trade settlements', 'safest way', 'different teams', 'European Union', 'other entrances', 'Phased approaches', 'reputational risks', 'Shifting Attitudes', 'biggest difference', 'United States', 'important one', 'exchange services', 'custodial front', 'Common Ground', 'two approaches', 'protective environment', 'regulated entity', 'status quo', 'one thing', 'regulated clientele', 'regulating intermediaries', 'first place', 'different angle', 'crypto infrastructure', 'crypto services', 'service offering', 'service providers', 'candid conversation', 'market infrastructures', 'regulatory market', 'crypto-native level', 'Alessandro Fuser', 'evolving role', 'Swiss banks', 'different banks', 'custody side', 'crypto Trust', 'transformation', 'sidelines', 'Head', 'Sales', 'firm', 'regulation', 'innovation', 'hesitation', 'action', 'transition', 'success', 'fallout', 'promise', 'Clearstream', 'end', 'day', 'kind', 'journey', 'questions', 'familiarity', 'difficulty', 'answers', 'areas', 'lot', 'someone', 'Switzerland', 'visibility', 'companies', 'things', 'time', 'complexity', 'sophistication', 'advantage', 'opportunities', 'customers', 'quality', 'everyone', 'back', 'projects', 'point', 'experience', 'speed', 'elections', 'extent', 'competitiveness', 'degree', 'fragmentation', 'number', 'initiatives', 'landscape', 'counterpart', 'exposure', 'markets', 'example', 'wheel', 'connectivity', 'Agility', 'Caution', 'juxtaposition', 'opportunity', 'sense', 'words', 'constraints', 'sorts', 'players', 'past', 'lack', 'certainty', 'produ', '2025']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,beincrypto.com
50002,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://beincrypto.com/crypto-finance-fuser-tradfi-crypto/,Crypto Finance’s Alessandro Fuser on Why TradFi Can No Longer Ignore Crypto,Crypto Finance's Alessandro Fuser talks about how tradfi institutions embrace crypto  guided by evolving regulations and partnerships.,As crypto continues its transformation from fringe curiosity to legitimate asset class  traditional financial institutions are no longer sitting on the sidelines. In a candid conversation  Alessandro Fuser  Head of Sales at Crypto Finance  a firm enabling banks to navigate the digital asset world  unpacks how regulation  especially across Europe  is finally catching up with innovation.Fuser breaks down how institutions are shifting from hesitation to action  the role of trust in this transition  and why the “start small but start now” approach is key to success. From the fallout of recent hacks to the promise of deeper liquidity access and the landmark partnership with Clearstream  this conversation maps out the evolving role of crypto infrastructure in mainstream finance.Fuser on Crypto Finance Bridging TradFi and CryptoAt the end of the day  Crypto Finance provides market infrastructures to enable banks that are interested in crypto services to launch in a compliant and secured manner services across trading  custody  and post-trade settlements. My role as the head of sales is to enable them to go through this kind of journey in the safest way possible. With all the questions that  at the end of the day  different teams will have and ultimately create that level of familiarity that is needed for the traditional financial space to embrace new asset classes like cryptoTrust is important. Generally  there’s a difficulty in finding trust when there aren’t answers. The answers  especially now in 2025  obviously exist. The regulatory market is only now catching up in areas such as the European Union. So  a lot of what we do  especially as someone who’s been in Switzerland  working with Swiss banks that are alive in the space  is to provide visibility to other entrances as to how companies that they compare themselves to have done things. Phased approaches  starting in a conservative manner and only over time  add more complexity and more sophistication to the services so that they don’t have any reputational risks. They can take advantage of the opportunities of crypto as an asset class. And provide a service to their customers that is of the quality that they expect.Sponsored SponsoredShifting Attitudes and Regulations in 2025I think the biggest difference is that despite everyone knowing that regulation in Europe is coming  the regulation is now here. On the back of this  a lot of different banks are formalizing projects  which up to that point they were not and only through experience do they effectively know what should and should not be done.The speed at which a lot of these projects are now being formalized is obviously faster  mainly on the back of the elections and  to an extent  on the back of increased competitiveness that will exist with the United States now being more open to crypto as an asset class. So I think this is an important one. At the time I had talked about a degree of fragmentation in the market  when it came to custody  when it came to liquidity.I think there are a number of initiatives that are ultimately making the landscape more efficient. Some of these initiatives are happening at a crypto-native level. I think about off-exchange services  which reduce your counterpart and your risk on the custody side and allow you to have exposure to markets. But this is also true on the custodial front  with companies such as Clearstream  for example  which is a traditional ICSD offering the new asset class without reinventing the wheel  simply allowing banks that they connected to leverage the connectivity and unlock the asset class.Crypto’s Agility vs. TradFi’s Caution: Finding Common GroundI like the juxtaposition. I don’t think that the two approaches are mutually exclusive. You have a secure compliant setup that isn’t necessarily boring or excessively conservative to make you lose the opportunity. And that’s potentially where  within a protective environment  it makes sense to experiment and “break things ” to use your words. Now  Crypto Finance  specifically being a regulated entity  obviously has more constraints. Having said this  what we do is to continue being innovative by partnering with all sorts of players in the market to reinforce our service offering  to future-proof our service offering without compromising at the end of the day the reputation and especially the status quo.I would like to mention one thing  though: our experience is mainly revolving around regulated clientele and what we always advise is ‘start small  start simply  but do start’. And I think this is what has been missing in the past. The lack of certainty around certain things of even the complexity around launching a new offering  was oftentimes preventing the regulating intermediaries from getting into the space in the first place  which then resulted in a harder consumer protection because service providers were instead coming from a completely different angle.So a lot of what we do now is that we try to push to get started with simple  close-look trading and custody  allow the banks  allow the product issuers to start accumulating experience with  for example  on the product issuer’s side a single token in ETP. This is not going to be the most revolutionary thing but it allows you to understand flows  and then add complexity  adding staking and over time potentially borrowing and lending.Sponsored SponsoredAdapting to the Pace of Traditional FinanceTo an extent  I believe that the decision making is still very much low in the regulated traditional financial space. At the same time  I have seen projects in the crypto space being formalized and enacted or executed at a pace that is significantly faster compared to potentially other asset classes in the past. And the reason is two folds: the market  I think  has validated the crypto asset class sufficiently. The competitiveness of  say retail brokers  neo-banks  crypto exchanges is obviously to an extent a threat to some of the traditional players  especially retail banks for example.There have been outflows for the past couple years  which for some have hurt  but more importantly  the growth or the rate at which those outflows are happening is something that is raising the alarm here and there. So  the banks  because of this  are acting ; they’re making sure that they have the right amount of knowledge  the right amount of talent in house  and they’re starting somewhere.Neo-Banks vs Traditional Banks: A Shift in Custody ModelsI think there is a degree of disruption happening for sure. Also  the underlined service is being packaged differently but the substance isn’t really too different. I would also argue that some of the – let me use the word – “sexier” neo-banks  for example  of financial institutions that are offering cash account and investment products  oftentimes are very good at showing specific sides and not showing others. There is the general perception that traditional banking is more expensive.Of course  broadly speaking  this is probably true  if you think about the infrastructure that they have to support  but today  even crypto exchanges cycle between buying crypto assets  storing those assets  selling them and especially FX ; it’s still generating significant fees. The customers aren’t probably realising it and again  it’s an exotic market. It’s not commoditized just yet  so it is normal for there to be fees that are probably higher than a security that has been around for decades. Nonetheless  it is an attention economy and I think the TradFi is also paying attention.Managing Security Concerns After Major Exchange HacksSponsored SponsoredIt always raises eyebrows. It was obviously very unfortunate that this hack occurred. Without commenting too specifically on the matter  I think it was also managed in a way that showed maturity compared to  for example  other scandals in the past  whether it was with Terra Luna depegging  whether it was the FTX scandal. I think the market is now reacting less negatively. Of course  a bank or an asset manager with potentially trillions of assets has to go through the process of unlocking access to an asset class whilst maintaining the same level of risks standards  compliance standards and also technological security standards.It is in some ways a positive  because it allows  or it triggers the right kind of questions and I don’t believe that there is a “trust issue” in the market because today  in 2025 – and I could argue this is true already of last year – there are institutional grade solutions which are as bullet-proof as they can realistically be.What we do  specifically speaking to Crypto Finance  is making sure – we’re a regulated entity  so we have standards to maintain – that we always innovate without ultimately sidelining the core  which is security. Crypto introduces a complexity  the finality of transactions is obviously something very different compared to traditional capital markets. Private key management is something that is new to many  and we just make sure that we can keep that as sophisticated without over-engineering things. We stick with battle-tested technology  that’s generally where the market is also.How Bybit Differentiated Itself from FTXWhat is also fascinating is that what happened with Bybit is very different from what happened in the past. There was a lot more support from the community. Obviously  there was an issue with the technology. It was unfortunate that there was an attack in the first place  but I think the market as a whole showed this kind of concept that “we’re all in this together’. Now  something to keep in mind as well : a crypto exchange has a different starting point compared to other service providers  which are natively tailored to financial institutions.Exchanges started early  they started mainly with the retail type of clientele and over the years  as they became more successful  had to invest and became more sophisticated  more secure  more licensed  so on and so forth  but I think that it will still take time to reach a level of security that is ultimately sufficient for some of the larger traditional financial institutions. It could also be that they will never get there  but that is why companies like Crypto Finance and some of its rivals exist in the first place ; to act as a regulated counterparty between the market and between the client.Future Partnerships in the PipelineSponsored SponsoredCompanies like ourselves  other regulated brokers – a couple already have MiCA licences including ourselves – already have and have had for many  many years relationships with the market. This normally comes in the form of – and the reason behind this is generally tied to token availability  we need to make sure we can source liquidity from different sources  also from a purely availability or disaster recovery process  or rather business continuity.There’s nothing necessarily new and I think what brokers like ourselves will continue doing is grow their relationship with the market in a way that doesn’t expose the clientele to the market directly. Because then the value chain does become  to an extent  weaker  let’s say it this way. What I am seeing  though  is a very rapid growth in the opposite direction  where you have crypto exchanges and other types of retail native venues which are becoming more sophisticated.As the existing distribution channels in today’s market become more involved in the asset class  they are the ones that already possess a relationship with the end customers. So it is unlikely for the end customers to abandon these rails outside of an early majority and the maximalists which  of course  the market has now been dominated by over the past couple years. So  there is an incentive for the market to be  instead  rooting its flow to these new distribution actors  such as the banks  and use them as aggregators.Sponsored SponsoredAll of a sudden there’s a shift from a direct relationship between a customer – end customer  a private customer – and the exchange to the bank. It allows exchanges to continue receiving flows but it also allows the final consumer to be significantly more protected  just because of the nature of the bank that is not something in between.What’s in Store for Q2?Yes  there will be exciting announcements in Q2. But I wouldn’t be doing my job if I didn’t also bring attention to something that is very important  which is the partnership between Clearstream and Crypto Finance. As you know  we’re both owned by Deutsche Börse Group  and I believe this is the first time that  at scale  we have seen an international central securities depository and global custodian effectively unlock access to all of its clients with zero project cost  with Crypto Finance simply as the additional self-custodian link.This is as far as my world is concerned. I do expect the market to be very positively reacting to  say  the new stablecoin regulation coming over in the United States. I think all eyes are going to be on the US this year. If the first few banks come in if more products get approved  all of a sudden  Europe will have to change speed. Europe is already doing a good job but I think they’ll have to step it up even more  and I’m looking forward to more competitiveness in the market.,neutral,0.01,0.5,0.49,mixed,0.36,0.19,0.46,True,English,"['Alessandro Fuser', 'Crypto Finance', 'TradFi', 'Crypto Finance Bridging TradFi', 'harder consumer protection', 'digital asset world', 'new asset classes', 'deeper liquidity access', 'secure compliant setup', 'simple, close-look trading', 'legitimate asset class', 'traditional financial institutions', 'secured manner services', 'traditional financial space', 'traditional ICSD', 'new offering', 'conservative manner', 'mainstream finance', 'fringe curiosity', 'recent hacks', 'landmark partnership', 'post-trade settlements', 'safest way', 'different teams', 'European Union', 'other entrances', 'Phased approaches', 'reputational risks', 'Shifting Attitudes', 'biggest difference', 'United States', 'important one', 'exchange services', 'custodial front', 'Common Ground', 'two approaches', 'protective environment', 'regulated entity', 'status quo', 'one thing', 'regulated clientele', 'regulating intermediaries', 'first place', 'different angle', 'crypto infrastructure', 'crypto services', 'service offering', 'service providers', 'candid conversation', 'market infrastructures', 'regulatory market', 'crypto-native level', 'Alessandro Fuser', 'evolving role', 'Swiss banks', 'different banks', 'custody side', 'crypto Trust', 'transformation', 'sidelines', 'Head', 'Sales', 'firm', 'regulation', 'innovation', 'hesitation', 'action', 'transition', 'success', 'fallout', 'promise', 'Clearstream', 'end', 'day', 'kind', 'journey', 'questions', 'familiarity', 'difficulty', 'answers', 'areas', 'lot', 'someone', 'Switzerland', 'visibility', 'companies', 'things', 'time', 'complexity', 'sophistication', 'advantage', 'opportunities', 'customers', 'quality', 'everyone', 'back', 'projects', 'point', 'experience', 'speed', 'elections', 'extent', 'competitiveness', 'degree', 'fragmentation', 'number', 'initiatives', 'landscape', 'counterpart', 'exposure', 'markets', 'example', 'wheel', 'connectivity', 'Agility', 'Caution', 'juxtaposition', 'opportunity', 'sense', 'words', 'constraints', 'sorts', 'players', 'past', 'lack', 'certainty', 'produ', '2025']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,beincrypto.com
50003,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2025-04-10/eckert-ziegler-us-consul-visits-radiopharmaceutical-production-in-braunschweig,Eckert & Ziegler: US Consul Visits Radiopharmaceutical Production in Braunschweig,MiscellaneousEckert & Ziegler: US Consul Visits Radiopharmaceutical Production in Braunschweig 10.04.2025 / 15:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Berlin ,EQS-News: Eckert & Ziegler SE / Key word(s): MiscellaneousEckert & Ziegler: US Consul Visits Radiopharmaceutical Production in Braunschweig10.04.2025 / 15:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Berlin  10 April 2025. US Consul General Jason Chue today visited the Eckert & Ziegler production site in Braunschweig and gained an impression of the production of radiopharmaceuticals for cancer diagnostics and therapy. Eckert & Ziegler maintains a long-standing relationship with the USA. The isotope specialist generates almost 40% of its sales in the USA and has four production sites in three states. Today  the company counts over 170 employees in the United States.For the treatment of cancer using radioligand therapy  Eckert & Ziegler produces the radiopharmaceutical Theralugand® (non-carrier added lutetium-177 chloride) in Braunschweig. Lu-177 based radiopharmaceuticals are currently used to treat neuroendocrine tumors and metastatic prostate cancer.In order to meet the growing global demand for lutetium-177 and ensure a stable supply of this important therapeutic radioisotope  Eckert & Ziegler is currently expanding its production capacities and investing around EUR 10 million in the construction of a lutetium production facility at its US production site in Wilmington (Boston) which is expected to go into operation in 2027.“Eckert & Ziegler is a great example of balanced transatlantic cooperation ” summarized Jason Chue at the end of the visit. The company is not only a market leader with radioactive components for medicine and measurement technology “Made in the USA” and “Made in Germany”  but also contributes to helping cancer patients worldwide with its products.“Our mission is to improve diagnosis and therapy. By providing our high-quality radionuclides  we make a decisive contribution to the further development of nuclear medicine therapy approaches ” added Dr. Harald Hasselmann  Chairman of the Executive Board of Eckert & Ziegler SE.About Eckert & Ziegler.Eckert & Ziegler SE with more than 1.000 employees  is a leading specialist for isotope-related components in nuclear medicine and radiation therapy. The company offers a broad range of services and products for the radiopharmaceutical industry  from early development work to contract manufacturing and distribution. Eckert & Ziegler shares (ISIN DE0005659700) are listed in the TecDAX index of Deutsche Börse.Contributing to saving lives.Contact:Eckert & Ziegler SEKarolin Riehle  Investor RelationsRobert-Rössle-Str. 10  13125 Berlin  GermanyTel.: +49 (0) 30 / 94 10 84-138karolin.riehle@ezag.dewww.ezag.com10.04.2025 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.74,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['US Consul', 'Radiopharmaceutical Production', 'Eckert', 'Ziegler', 'Braunschweig', 'US Consul General Jason Chue', 'nuclear medicine therapy approaches', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'Key word(s', 'growing global demand', 'important therapeutic radioisotope', 'balanced transatlantic cooperation', 'Dr. Harald Hasselmann', 'Deutsche Börse', 'US production site', 'four production sites', 'Lu-177 based radiopharmaceuticals', 'metastatic prostate cancer', 'early development work', 'lutetium production facility', 'Ziegler production site', 'Radiopharmaceutical Production', 'production capacities', 'EQS News', 'EQS Group', 'cancer diagnostics', 'long-standing relationship', 'isotope specialist', 'three states', 'United States', 'radioligand therapy', 'radiopharmaceutical Theralugand®', 'lutetium-177 chloride', 'neuroendocrine tumors', 'stable supply', 'great example', 'market leader', 'radioactive components', 'measurement technology', 'cancer patients', 'high-quality radionuclides', 'decisive contribution', 'Executive Board', 'leading specialist', 'isotope-related components', 'radiation therapy', 'broad range', 'radiopharmaceutical industry', 'TecDAX index', 'Investor Relations', 'Robert-Rössle-Str.', 'Corporate News', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'Ziegler SE', 'Ziegler shares', 'CEST Dissemination', 'Miscellaneous Eckert', 'Karolin Riehle', 'EQS-News', 'Braunschweig', '15:00 CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'Berlin', '10 April', 'impression', 'USA', 'sales', 'company', '170 employees', 'treatment', 'carrier', 'order', 'construction', 'Wilmington', 'Boston', 'visit', 'Made', 'Germany', 'products', 'mission', 'diagnosis', 'further', 'Chairman', '1.000 employees', 'manufacturing', 'ISIN', 'lives', 'Contact', 'Tel.', 'ezag', 'Archive', '49']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,pharmiweb.com
50004,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://thedeepdive.ca/spirit-blockchains-first-etherum-solana-etps-to-begin-trading-april-10/,Spirit Blockchain’s First Ethereum  Solana ETP’s To Begin Trading April 10,(CSE: SPIR) is expecting its first exchange traded products to commence trading on April 10. The ETP’s are set to commence trading on both the SIX Swiss Exchange and the,FULL DISCLOSURE: This is sponsored content for Spirit Blockchain.Spirit Blockchain (CSE: SPIR) is expecting its first exchange traded products to commence trading on April 10. The ETP’s are set to commence trading on both the SIX Swiss Exchange and the Deutsche Börse Xetra.The development follows Spirit in late March announcing that its first products would soon be listed. The first of a suite of ETP’s to come to market included the Spirit Ethereum Yield+ ETP as well as the Spirit Solana Yield+ ETP  two products that have been designed to offer an institutional-grade means of investing in staking strategies for the Ethereum and Solana cryptocurrencies.The products carry a management fee of 1.49%  and are the first to be released amid a pipeline of ETP’s that are set to focus on decentralized products. Planned future offers are to be focused on cross-chain opportunities  tokenized real-world assets  staking rewards and DeFi.READ: Spirit Blockchain: The Hunt for Assets Under Management BeginsThe new products are fully collateralized and physically backed by digital assets held within cold storage.Spirit Blockchain last traded at $0.07 on the CSE.FULL DISCLOSURE: Spirit Blockchain is a client of Canacom Group  the parent company of The Deep Dive. Canacom Group is currently long the equity of Spirit Blockchain. The author has been compensated to cover Spirit Blockchain on The Deep Dive  with The Deep Dive having full editorial control. Not a recommendation to buy or sell. We may buy or sell securities in the company at any time. Always do additional research and consult a professional before purchasing a security.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Spirit Blockchain', 'First Ethereum', 'Solana ETP', 'Trading', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Spirit Solana Yield+ ETP', 'Spirit Ethereum Yield+ ETP', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'The Deep Dive', 'full editorial control', 'The ETP', 'Solana cryptocurrencies', 'FULL DISCLOSURE', 'Spirit Blockchain', 'late March', 'institutional-grade means', 'future offers', 'cross-chain opportunities', 'cold storage', 'Canacom Group', 'additional research', 'two products', 'decentralized products', 'real-world assets', 'new products', 'digital assets', 'management fee', 'parent company', 'first products', 'content', 'CSE', 'trading', 'April', 'development', 'suite', 'market', 'strategies', 'pipeline', 'rewards', 'DeFi', 'READ', 'Hunt', 'client', 'equity', 'author', 'recommendation', 'securities', 'time', 'professional', 'security']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,thedeepdive.ca
50005,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/04/10/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/spirit-digital-ag-confirms-ticker-listings-for-ethereum-and-solana-yield-etps-on-six-and-deutsche-borse/2090148,Spirit Digital AG Confirms Ticker Listings for Ethereum and Solana Yield+ ETPs on SIX and Deutsche Börse,The newly confirmed ticker symbols are as follows and will be available for trading on April 10  2025.,"Zug  Switzerland  April 10  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spirit Digital AG (""Spirit”)  a wholly owned subsidiary of Spirit Blockchain Capital Inc. (CSE:SPIR / OTC:SPBCF / FRA:RTFB)  helping advance digital asset finance through thoughtful innovation  is pleased to announce that its first suite of Exchange Traded Products (ETPs) - the Spirit Ethereum Yield+ ETP and Spirit Solana Yield+ ETP - now have confirmed and official ticker listings on both the SIX Swiss Exchange and Deutsche Börse Xetra. This follows the March 27 announcement of the product launch and represents a key milestone in the Company's commitment to delivering institutional-grade access to staking rewards through transparent and regulated investment vehicles.The newly confirmed ticker symbols are as follows and will be available for trading on April 10  2025.Official Ticker and ISIN Table:ISIN ETP Name Exchange Ticker Symbol(s) CH1327686031 Spirit Ethereum Yield+ ETP SIX Swiss Exchange SERY Deutsche Börse Xetra SENS (EUR)  SENT (USD) CH1327686049 Spirit Solana Yield+ ETP SIX Swiss Exchange SOLS Deutsche Börse Xetra SSOL (EUR)  SSOM (USD)Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThese listings mark a major milestone in Spirit's mission to offer regulated  transparent  and yield-generating investment opportunities via ETPs. Both ETPs are fully collateralized and physically backed by digital assets held in institutional-grade cold storage  offering secure  compliant exposure to staking yields.For More InformationAdvertisementVisit: www.spiritblockchain.comEmail: [email protected]Forward-Looking StatementsAdvertisementThis news release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. The use of any of the words ""expect”  ""anticipate”  ""continue”  ""estimate”  ""objective”  ""may”  ""will”  ""project”  ""should”  ""believe”  ""plans”  ""intends” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking information or statements. The forward-looking statements and information are based on certain key expectations and assumptions made by the Company. Although the Company believes that the expectations and assumptions on which such forward-looking statements and information are based are reasonable  undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements and information because the Company can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct.Since forward-looking statements and information address future events and conditions  by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors and risks. Factors that could materially affect such forward-looking information are described under the heading ""Risk Factors” in the Company's long-form prospectus dated August 8  2022  that is available on the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking information except as required by applicable law. Such forward-looking information represents managements' best judgment based on information currently available. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual future results may vary materially. Accordingly  readers are advised not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements or information.AdvertisementThe CSE has not reviewed  approved or disapproved the content of this press release.AdvertisementAdvertisement",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Spirit Digital AG', 'Solana Yield+ ETPs', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Ticker Listings', 'Ethereum', 'SIX', 'ETP SIX Swiss Exchange SERY Deutsche Börse Xetra SENS', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra SSOL', 'ISIN ETP Name Exchange Ticker Symbol', 'ETP SIX Swiss Exchange SOLS', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'Spirit Blockchain Capital Inc.', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'Ethereum Yield+ ETP', 'Solana Yield+ ETP', 'regulated investment vehicles', 'yield-generating investment opportunities', 'secure, compliant exposure', 'digital asset finance', 'institutional-grade cold storage', 'applicable securities laws', 'Spirit Ethereum Yield', 'Spirit Solana Yield', 'reasonable, undue reliance', 'Spirit Digital AG', 'official ticker listings', 'actual future results', 'Such forward-looking information', 'ISIN Table', 'ticker symbols', 'Actual results', 'digital assets', 'The CSE', 'institutional-grade access', 'future events', 'applicable law', 'forward-looking statement', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'CSE:SPIR', 'OTC:SPBCF', 'FRA:RTFB', 'thoughtful innovation', 'first suite', 'March 27 announcement', 'product launch', 'key milestone', 'latest news', 'Privacy Policy', 'major milestone', 'news release', 'similar expressions', 'form prospectus', 'best judgment', 'press release', 'looking statements', 'The Company', 'More Information', 'email address', 'key expectations', 'inherent risks', 'Risk Factors', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'subsidiary', 'ETPs', 'commitment', 'rewards', 'transparent', 'trading', 'April', 'EUR', 'SENT', 'USD', 'SSOM', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'mission', 'Both', 'yields', 'Advertisement', 'Visit', 'spiritblockchain', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'project', 'plans', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'conditions', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'number', 'heading', 'long', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'obligation', 'managements', 'readers', 'content']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,manilatimes.net
50006,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://themunicheye.com/the-evolution-of-etfs-wealth-growth-16683,The Evolution of ETFs: A Quarter-Century of Wealth Growth,Munich news  health insurance  technology  jobs and other topics for expatriates. The Eye Newspapers covers daily news and offers services for foreigners.,The Evolution of ETFs: A Quarter-Century of Wealth GrowthThu 10th Apr  2025April 2025 marks a significant milestone in the financial industry as it commemorates 25 years since the Deutsche Börse introduced Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) to European markets. This introduction heralded a new era in investment strategies  allowing investors to diversify their portfolios with ease and efficiency.The journey of ETFs has not been without its challenges. The initial launch on April 11  2000  coincided with the peak of the dot-com bubble  a period characterized by soaring valuations of technology stocks. Unfortunately  this exuberance was short-lived  leading to a protracted market downturn that persisted for three years. The early days of ETFs were marked by skepticism  as many investors grappled with the volatile market conditions.Despite these initial setbacks  ETFs have emerged as a popular investment vehicle due to their inherent advantages. They provide investors with the ability to buy and sell shares throughout the trading day  similar to stocks  while offering the benefits of diversification typically associated with mutual funds. Furthermore  the transparent nature of ETFs allows investors to easily track their holdings and performance.Recent developments in the ETF landscape have seen a surge in new product offerings  driven by evolving investor preferences and market dynamics. As of late  the market has witnessed one of its strongest influxes of new ETF launches  even as the broader economic climate presents challenges. Factors such as rising interest rates and global economic uncertainties have prompted investors to reassess their strategies  making ETFs an attractive option for many.As the financial markets continue to evolve  the role of ETFs in wealth management is likely to expand further. These investment products are not only versatile but also provide a cost-effective way to gain exposure to various asset classes  including equities  bonds  and commodities. Additionally  the growing trend toward sustainable investing has led to the creation of numerous ETFs focused on environmental  social  and governance (ESG) criteria.In conclusion  the last quarter-century has seen ETFs transform from a novel financial product to a staple in many investors' portfolios. As they celebrate their 25th anniversary  the ongoing innovation and adaptation of ETFs suggest that they will remain a vital component of investment strategies for years to come.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Wealth Growth', 'The', 'Evolution', 'ETFs', 'Quarter-Century', 'Thu 10th Apr', 'Deutsche Börse', 'broader economic climate', 'rising interest rates', 'global economic uncertainties', 'various asset classes', 'new product offerings', 'novel financial product', 'protracted market downturn', 'volatile market conditions', 'popular investment vehicle', 'new ETF launches', 'new era', 'ETF landscape', 'financial industry', 'financial markets', 'market dynamics', 'investment products', 'Wealth Growth', 'significant milestone', 'Exchange-Traded Funds', 'European markets', 'initial launch', 'dot-com bubble', 'soaring valuations', 'early days', 'initial setbacks', 'inherent advantages', 'trading day', 'mutual funds', 'transparent nature', 'Recent developments', 'investor preferences', 'strongest influxes', 'wealth management', 'cost-effective way', 'growing trend', 'sustainable investing', 'ESG) criteria', '25th anniversary', 'ongoing innovation', 'vital component', 'investment strategies', 'technology stocks', 'last quarter-century', 'three years', 'many investors', 'numerous ETFs', '25 years', 'The', 'Evolution', 'April', 'introduction', 'portfolios', 'ease', 'efficiency', 'journey', 'challenges', 'peak', 'period', 'exuberance', 'skepticism', 'ability', 'shares', 'benefits', 'diversification', 'holdings', 'performance', 'surge', 'late', 'Factors', 'role', 'exposure', 'equities', 'bonds', 'commodities', 'creation', 'governance', 'conclusion', 'staple', 'adaptation']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,themunicheye.com
50007,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058671/0/en/Virbac-Declaration-of-the-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-03-2025.html,Virbac : Declaration of the number of shares and voting rights 03/2025,DECLARATION OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS  Information on the total number of voting rights and of shares representing the share......,DECLARATION OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTSInformation on the total number of voting rights and of shares representing the share capital(Article 223-16 of the General regulations of the French Financial Market Authority – Autoritédes Marchés Financiers)Quotation place: Euronext ParisCompartiment AISIN code: FR0000031577Date Total number of shares representing the share capital Total number of voting rights March  31 2025 8 390 660 Gross total of voting rights : 12 705 936 Net total* of voting rights : 12 689 870Net total* = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares net of shares with no voting rights.VIRBAC: Shaping the future of animal healthNYSE Euronext - Compartiment A / Code ISIN: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPCorporate Finance: tel. 33 4 92 08 71 32 / Email: finances@virbac.comWebsite: www.virbac.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['voting rights', 'Virbac', 'Declaration', 'number', 'shares', 'French Financial Market Authority', 'animal health NYSE Euronext', 'Marchés Financiers', 'voting rights March', 'Euronext Paris', 'share capital', 'General regulations', 'Quotation place', 'Compartiment A', 'ISIN code', 'Gross total', 'Net total', 'Code ISIN', 'Corporate Finance', 'total number', 'DECLARATION', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Information', 'Article', 'Autorité', 'Date', 'VIRBAC', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'tel.', 'Email', 'finances', 'Website', 'Attachment', '660']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50008,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/german-tech-startup-1komma5-joins-klarna-shelving-us-ipo-plans-5054856,German tech startup 1Komma5 joins Klarna in shelving US IPO plans,German unicorn 1Komma5 Grad has joined Sweden's Klarna in reassessing plans for a U.S. float as President Trump's renewable energy and trade policies have roiled markets.The energy startup  which uses AI to provide solar power  energy storage and e-mobility s…,"German unicorn 1Komma5 Grad has joined Sweden's Klarna in reassessing plans for a U.S. float as President Trump's renewable energy and trade policies have roiled markets.The energy startup  which uses AI to provide solar power  energy storage and e-mobility solutions  says after recent fundraising it is valued at just over $1 billion to join a select club of unicorn status companies in Germany. It was aiming for an initial public offering on NASDAQ in 2025.""Due to recent tariffs and market reaction we have postponed IPO plans to review the timeline "" the company's founder and CEO Philipp Schroeder told Reuters.As a potential global tariff war has disrupted markets in recent days  tech firm Swedish fintech Klarna has also put its U.S. listing on hold  while other companies are freezing dealmaking.Klarna's listing could have valued it at over $15 billion  Reuters reported  and was seen as a potential catalyst for others to follow.On Wednesday  the head of pan-European stock exchange operator Euronext said that volatility and uncertainty brought about by Trump's policies make the U.S. look like an emerging market more than a developed country.Emerging markets often use tariffs to protect their industries while they try to develop.LOSING APPEALEuropean tech startups have looked to the U.S. to attract more liquidity  expand faster and face less regulatory hurdles than in their home markets.""When we started and actually reached unicorn status already in '23  the overall environment for clean tech and technology companies out of Europe to actually still be listed at NASDAQ was an option that was suitable""  1Komma5 Grad's Schroeder said.But recent shocks have made that market less appealing  he said.Given uncertainty in U.S. markets in recent weeks  other European tech companies may consider other listing venues.The ""U.S. is no longer the only place to look for a tech IPO "" said Gianni Cuozzo  chief executive of Italian tech startup Exein  which had previously said it was considering a U.S. listing in the 2027-2030 period. Cuozzo said the company had not yet decided what it would do.Exein  which provides embedded cybersecurity  said it is valued at around 500 million euros ($545 million).MYTHBUSTING US MARKETSWhile the postponement of IPOs can be blamed on stock market volatility  some experts say that the appeal of a U.S. listing and the liquidity of those markets might have been exaggerated.Last month  the London Stock Exchange issued a ""mythbusting"" note to warn British companies and advisers that inclusion in the S&P 500 index  which includes companies listed on the NASDAQ and the New York Stock Exchange  can be ""extremely challenging"" for non-U.S. companies.Out of 20 British companies which listed in the U.S. since 2014 and raised at least $100 million  nine of them have delisted and seven are trading down 85 per cent on average  while only four are trading up  the note said.($1 = 0.9168 euros)",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['German tech startup', 'US IPO plans', '1Komma5', 'Klarna', 'pan-European stock exchange operator', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'potential global tariff war', 'Italian tech startup Exein', 'other European tech companies', 'London Stock Exchange', 'European tech startups', 'initial public offering', 'less regulatory hurdles', 'S&P 500 index', 'other listing venues', 'U.S. float', 'U.S. listing', 'Swedish fintech Klarna', 'U.S. companies', 'stock market volatility', 'MYTHBUSTING US MARKETS', 'unicorn status companies', 'U.S. markets', 'other companies', 'energy startup', 'potential catalyst', 'tech firm', 'clean tech', 'tech IPO', 'technology companies', 'British companies', 'German unicorn', '1Komma5 Grad', 'renewable energy', 'solar power', 'energy storage', 'e-mobility solutions', 'recent fundraising', 'select club', 'market reaction', 'recent days', 'emerging market', 'developed country', 'overall environment', 'recent shocks', 'recent weeks', 'chief executive', '2027-2030 period', 'embedded cybersecurity', 'mythbusting"" note', 'home markets', 'President Trump', 'trade policies', 'recent tariffs', 'IPO plans', 'Philipp Schroeder', 'LOSING APPEAL', 'Gianni Cuozzo', 'Sweden', 'Germany', 'NASDAQ', 'timeline', 'company', 'founder', 'CEO', 'Reuters', 'hold', 'dealmaking', 'others', 'Wednesday', 'head', 'Euronext', 'uncertainty', 'industries', 'liquidity', 'option', 'place', '500 million', 'postponement', 'IPOs', 'experts', 'advisers', 'inclusion', '0.9168 euros']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,channelnewsasia.com
50009,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058105/0/en/DEME-signs-agreement-to-acquire-Norwegian-offshore-wind-infrastructure-company-Havfram.html,DEME signs agreement to acquire Norwegian offshore wind infrastructure company Havfram,DEME (Euronext: DEME) announced today that it has signed an agreement to acquire Havfram  an international offshore wind contractor based in Norway. This strategic acquisition aligns with DEME's ambition to expand its footprint in the offshore wind energy mar…,DEME (Euronext: DEME) announced today that it has signed an agreement to acquire Havfram  an international offshore wind contractor based in Norway. This strategic acquisition aligns with DEME's ambition to expand its footprint in the offshore wind energy market and enhances its competitive positioning in turbine and foundation installations.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Norwegian offshore wind infrastructure company', 'DEME', 'agreement', 'Havfram', 'international offshore wind contractor', 'offshore wind energy market', 'strategic acquisition', 'competitive positioning', 'foundation installations', 'DEME', 'Euronext', 'agreement', 'Havfram', 'Norway', 'ambition', 'footprint', 'turbine', 'Attachment']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50010,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058103/0/en/AMG-Approves-US-Chrome-Manufacturing-Plant.html,AMG Approves US Chrome Manufacturing Plant,Amsterdam  9 April 2025 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) is pleased to announce that the Management Board has approved a capital investment of USD $15 million to establish an aluminothermic production facility to manufacture …,Amsterdam  9 April 2025 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) is pleased to announce that the Management Board has approved a capital investment of USD $15 million to establish an aluminothermic production facility to manufacture chrome metal in the United States. The facility  with an annual capacity of up to 6 500 tons  will be located next to AMG Titanium’s facility in New Castle  Pennsylvania. We expect it to be operational in the first quarter of 2026.AMG Chrome is a major producer of chrome metal in the UK. The New Castle  Pennsylvania facility will be the only chrome metal production facility in operation within the United States. Chrome metal is deemed a Critical Material in the United States due to its importance in various industrial alloys and lack of US production.About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG’s Lithium segment spans the lithium value chain  reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG’s Vanadium segment is the world’s market leader in recycling vanadium from oil refining residues  spanning the Company’s vanadium  titanium  and chrome businesses. AMG’s Technologies segment is the established world market leader in advanced metallurgy and provides equipment engineering to the aerospace engine sector globally. It serves as the engineering home for the Company’s fast-growing LIVA batteries  NewMOX SAS formed to span the nuclear fuel market  and spans AMG’s mineral processing operations in graphite  antimony  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  and Sri Lanka  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking.” Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.19,0.67,True,English,"['US Chrome Manufacturing Plant', 'AMG', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'other end use markets', 'energy storage materials', 'chrome metal production facility', 'various industrial alloys', 'oil refining residues', 'growing LIVA batteries', 'customer service offices', 'nuclear fuel market', 'related process technologies', 'aerospace engine sector', 'mineral processing operations', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'Forward looking statements', 'The New Castle', 'lithium value chain', 'world market leader', 'aluminothermic production facility', 'other forward-looking statements', 'other information', 'aerospace engines', 'Technologies segment', 'future operations', 'silicon metal', 'chrome businesses', 'US production', 'production facilities', 'Management Board', 'capital investment', 'United States', 'annual capacity', 'first quarter', 'major producer', 'engineered systems', 'Lithium segment', 'advanced metallurgy', 'equipment engineering', 'engineering home', 'NewMOX SAS', 'United Kingdom', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'financial position', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'AMG Chrome', 'Pennsylvania facility', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'historical information', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'future events', 'inherent risks', 'Vanadium segment', 'AMG Titanium', '9 April', '6,500 tons', 'UK', 'importance', 'lack', 'mission', 'development', 'tantalum', 'addition', 'products', 'variety', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'Company', 'graphite', 'antimony', '3,600 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'general', 'specific', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50011,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058098/0/en/Valneva-and-LimmaTech-Announce-First-Vaccination-in-Phase-2-Infant-Study-of-Tetravalent-Shigella-Vaccine-Candidate-S4V2.html,Valneva and LimmaTech Announce First Vaccination in Phase 2 Infant Study of Tetravalent Shigella Vaccine Candidate S4V2,Saint Herblain (France) and Schlieren (Zurich)  April 9  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  and LimmaTech Biologics AG  a clinical-stage biotech company developing vaccines for the prevention of life-threatenin…,Saint Herblain (France) and Schlieren (Zurich)  April 9  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  and LimmaTech Biologics AG  a clinical-stage biotech company developing vaccines for the prevention of life-threatening diseases  announced today that the first participant has been vaccinated in a Phase 2 infant safety and immunogenicity study of Shigella4V2 (S4V2)  the world’s most clinically advanced tetravalent bioconjugate vaccine candidate against shigellosis.Shigellosis is the second leading cause of fatal diarrheal disease worldwide  strongly contributing to pediatric morbidity and mortality. It is estimated that up to 165 million infections are due to Shigella of which 62.3 million occur in children younger than five years1. Developing an effective vaccine to prevent this deadly disease is a public health imperative for many areas of the world.In the Phase 2 study S4V02 (Identifier: NCT06523231)  the safety and immunogencity of S4V2 will be tested in approximately 110 nine-month-old infants with the goal of identifying the best dose to be tested in a Phase 3 trial. Sponsored and conducted by LimmaTech  S4V02 is a randomized  controlled  and blinded study conducted at a single study site in Kenya. Participants will receive a two-dose vaccination with one of two different vaccine dose levels of S4V2 or a control vaccine. Safety will be evaluated throughout the trial for approximately six months following the last vaccination. Results of the study  which is supported by funding from the Gates Foundation  are expected in the second half of 2025.Dr. Juan Carlos  Chief Medical Officer of Valneva  commented  “Seeing so many infants and children dying from shigellosis is not acceptable if it can be prevented with a vaccine. As such  the development of Shigella vaccines has been identified as a priority by the World Health Organization (WHO)2 and  in line with our mission of developing vaccines against infectious diseases with unmet medical needs  we are focused on delivering a preventative solution against this deadly disease.”Dr. Patricia Martin  Chief Operating Officer of LimmaTech  stated  “We are proud to be in a leading position in the development of a Shigella vaccine  and the initiation of this trial marks a significant milestone in our collaboration with Valneva to combat shigellosis. We are encouraged by the potential of S4V2 to provide a solution for a serious global health threat and make a profound impact in protecting the health of so many children worldwide.”In November 2024  Valneva and LimmaTech announced vaccination of the first participant in a Phase 2b controlled human infection model (CHIM) study of S4V2 (Identifier: NCT06615375)  in approximately 120 healthy Shigella-naïve participants aged 18 to 50 years3. This CHIM study forms part of the companies’ staggered and risk-mitigating development strategy for S4V2  as it should provide the first results on efficacy before potentially advancing to further CHIM and Phase 3 studies.The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) also granted Fast Track designation to S4V24  recognizing its potential to address a serious condition and fill an unmet medical need.About ShigellosisShigellosis is a global health threat caused by the Gram-negative Shigella bacteria. It is estimated that up to 165 million infections5 are due to Shigella of which 62.3 million occur in children younger than five years. Diarrheal infection is one of the major causes of morbidity and mortality in numerous countries as well as in travelers and deployed military personnel in endemic regions. There are an estimated 600 000 deaths attributed to Shigella each year and it is the second leading cause for diarrheal deaths6. The standard treatment for shigellosis is oral rehydration and antibiotic therapy  however  the bacteria have acquired resistance to many antibiotics with numerous reports of outbreaks of multidrug-resistant strains  making treatment extremely difficult. Currently  no licensed Shigella vaccine is available.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  the world’s most clinically advanced tetravalent Shigella vaccine candidate  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats. More information is available at www.valneva.com.About LimmaTech Biologics AGLimmaTech Biologics is at the forefront of combating the global antimicrobial resistance epidemic based on its unparalleled track record in vaccine technology and clinical candidate development. The company is leveraging its proprietary self-adjuvanting and multi-antigen vaccine platform alongside additional disease-specific vaccine approaches to prevent increasingly untreatable microbial infections. With decades of expertise and an expanding  robust pipeline  the LimmaTech team is dedicated to generating protective solutions to deliver transformative value worldwide. LimmaTech Biologics is backed by specialist healthcare investors  including Adjuvant Capital  AXA IM Alts  Novo Holdings REPAIR Impact Fund  and Tenmile.For more information  please visit www.lmtbio.com.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comFor LimmaTechLimmaTech Biologics AGFranz-Werner Haas  CEOE-mail: media@lmtbio.comFor media enquiriesTrophic CommunicationsGretchen Schweitzer or Jacob VerghesePhone: +49 172 861 8540E-mail: limmatech@trophic.euForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing this information as of the date of this press release and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1Shigellosis | CDC Yellow Book 20242 Immunization  Vaccines and Biologicals (who.int)3 Valneva and LimmaTech Announce First Vaccination in Phase 2b Human Challenge Study of Tetravalent Shigella Vaccine Candidate S4V2 - Valneva4 Valneva and LimmaTech Awarded FDA Fast Track Designation for Tetravalent Shigella Vaccine Candidate S4V - Valneva5Shigellosis | CDC Yellow Book 20246 Shigellosis | CDC Yellow Book 2024Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.08,0.21,0.71,True,English,"['Tetravalent Shigella Vaccine Candidate S4V2', 'Phase 2 Infant Study', 'First Vaccination', 'Valneva', 'LimmaTech', 'Phase 2b controlled human infection model', 'two different vaccine dose levels', 'other global public health threats', 'The U.S. Food', 'tetravalent bioconjugate vaccine candidate', '120 healthy Shigella-naïve participants', 'three proprietary travel vaccines', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'tetravalent Shigella vaccine candidate', 'public health imperative', 'serious global health', 'clinical-stage biotech company', 'Dr. Juan Carlos', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'unmet medical needs', 'Dr. Patricia Martin', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Fast Track designation', 'strong track record', 'early R&D', 'growing commercial business', 'specialty vaccine company', 'class vaccine solutions', 'global health threat', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'second leading cause', 'fatal diarrheal disease', 'single study site', 'risk-mitigating development strategy', 'licensed Shigella vaccine', 'advanced clinical development', 'first chikungunya vaccine', 'Phase 2 infant safety', 'LimmaTech Biologics AG', 'World Health Organization', 'Gram-negative Shigella bacteria', 'Diarrheal infection', 'randomized, controlled', 'best dose', 'Phase 2 study', 'Phase 3 studies', 'effective vaccine', 'control vaccine', 'vaccine pipeline', 'vaccine candidates', 'deadly disease', 'second half', 'leading position', 'serious condition', 'multiple vaccines', 'Phase 3 trial', 'Shigella vaccines', 'Saint Herblain', 'Euronext Paris', 'life-threatening diseases', 'first participant', 'immunogenicity study', '165 million infections', 'five years', 'many areas', '110 nine-month-old infants', 'blinded study', 'six months', 'Gates Foundation', 'many infants', 'infectious diseases', 'significant milestone', 'profound impact', 'companies’ staggered', 'Drug Administration', 'major causes', 'numerous countries', 'military personnel', 'endemic regions', 'oral rehydration', 'antibiotic therapy', 'many antibiotics', 'numerous reports', 'multidrug-resistant strains', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'third-party vaccines', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'More information', 'diarrheal deaths', 'two-dose vaccination', 'last vaccination', 'CHIM) study', 'CHIM study', 'pediatric morbidity', 'preventative solution', 'first results', 'standard treatment', 'Valneva SE', 'many children', '600,000 deaths', 'France', 'Schlieren', 'Zurich', 'April', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'prevention', 'Shigella4V2', 'S4V', 'shigellosis', 'mortality', 'Identifier', 'immunogencity', 'goal', 'Kenya', 'funding', 'priority', 'WHO', 'mission', 'initiation', 'collaboration', 'potential', 'November', 'to 50', 'efficacy', 'FDA', 'younger', 'travelers', 'resistance', 'outbreaks', 'specialized', 'approvals', 'Revenues', 'Pfizer']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50012,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058097/0/en/Convocation-to-the-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-and-the-Special-Shareholders-Meeting-of-9-May-2025.html,Convocation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and the Special Shareholders’ Meeting of 9 May 2025,Press ReleaseRegulated Information09 April 2025  7:00 am CET  Antwerp  Belgium  The shareholders of VGP NV (the “Company”) are hereby invited to attend...,Press ReleaseRegulated Information09 April 2025  7:00 am CET  Antwerp  BelgiumThe shareholders of VGP NV (the “Company”) are hereby invited to attend the annual shareholders’ meeting and the special shareholders’ meeting of the Company which shall consecutively take place at The Mills  Molenstraat 54  2018 Antwerp  Belgium  on Friday 9 May 2025 at 10:00 am.Please consult the website link: www.vgpparks.eu/en/investors/shareholder-meetings/ for further information concerning the agenda  admission conditions and voting modalities for the Meetings.The board of directorsCONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.euABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 380 FTE’s today owns and is active in 18 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 7.8 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.4 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: http://www.vgpparks.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Special Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Convocation', '9 May', 'Belgian family-owned real estate developer', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'integrated business model', 'Gross Asset Value', 'Net Asset Value', 'annual shareholders’ meeting', 'special shareholders’ meeting', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'value chain', 'Press Release', 'The Mills', 'Friday 9 May', 'website link', 'admission conditions', 'voting modalities', 'CONTACT DETAILS', 'MEDIA ENQUIRIES', 'pan-European owner', 'high-quality logistics', 'longstanding expertise', 'Czech Republic', '18 European countries', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Regulated Information', 'VGP NV', 'Investor Relations', '09 April', 'CET', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Company', 'place', 'Molenstraat', '10:00 am', 'vgpparks', 'investors/shareholder-meetings', 'agenda', 'board', 'directors', 'manager', 'capabilities', 'staff', '380 FTE', 'today', 'ISIN', 'Attachment']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50013,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058798/0/en/Aramis-Group-Number-of-outstanding-shares-and-voting-rights-at-April-7-2025.html,Aramis Group - Number of outstanding shares and voting rights at April 7  2025,PRESS RELEASE     Arcueil  April 9  2025      Information relating to the total number of shares and voting rights forming the share capital at April...,PRESS RELEASEArcueil  April 9  2025Information relating to the total number of shares and voting rightsforming the share capital at April 7  2025(Article 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)Total number of shares constituting theshare capital Total numberof voting rights (1) Total number of voting rights exercisable at the general meeting (2) 82 856 671 148 939 895 148 347 623***(1) Theoretical total number of voting rights  calculated on the basis of all shares to which single and double voting rights are attached  including shares without voting rights. Used as a basis for calculating threshold crossings  in accordance with Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers(2) Number of exercisable voting rights  calculated without taking into account shares without voting rights (including treasury shares)About Aramis Group – www.aramis.groupAramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With annual revenues of more than €2 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 110 000 vehicles B2C and welcomes close to 70 million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs more than 2 400 people and has eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94).Investor contactinvestor@aramis.groupAttachment,positive,0.53,0.47,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Aramis Group', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'Number', 'April', 'B2C online used car sales', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers', 'vehicle refurbishing pioneer', 'double voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Theoretical total number', '110,000 vehicles B2C', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'general meeting', 'threshold crossings', 'European leader', 'six countries', 'e-commerce expert', 'sustainable mobility', 'circular economy', 'digital technology', 'employee engagement', 'annual revenues', '70 million visitors', 'digital platforms', 'growing group', 'The Group', 'group Attachment', 'Aramis Group', 'Investor contact', 'account shares', 'treasury shares', 'Arcueil', 'April', 'Information', 'Article', 'basis', 'single', 'accordance', 'action', 'offering', 'market', '20 years', 'customers', 'value', 'stakeholders', '2,400 people', 'Ticker', 'ISIN']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50014,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058110/0/en/RIBER-reports-solid-growth-in-sales-and-earnings-in-2024.html,RIBER reports solid growth in sales and earnings in 2024,RIBER reports solid growth in sales and earnings in 2024   Revenues: €41.2m (+5%)Income from ordinary operations: €4.5m  representing 11% of...,RIBER reports solid growth in sales and earnings in 2024Revenues: €41.2m (+5%)Income from ordinary operations: €4.5m  representing 11% of revenuesNet income: €4.1m (+21%)Proposed payout of €0.08 per share for 2024 (+14%)Bezons  April 9  2024 - 8:00am - RIBER  the global leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing its full-year results for 2024  marked by solid growth in sales and profitability.(€m - at December 31) 2024 2023 Change Revenues 41.2 39.3 +4.8% MBE systems revenues 31.0 29.0 +7.0% Services and accessories revenues 10.2 10.3 -1.2% Gross margin% of revenues 14.836.1% 13.233.7% +12.1%Income from ordinary operations% of revenues 4.510.9% 3.910.0% +14.4%Operating income% of revenues 4.410.6% 3.910.0% +11.3%Pre-tax income% of revenues 4.410.6% 3.69.1% +22.5%Net income% of revenues 4.110.0% 3.48.7% +21.4%Key developmentsIn 2024  RIBER achieved its revenues targets  driven by solid growth in MBE system sales. This momentum reflects the strengthening of its positions in the MBE market  for both research and industrial production  as evidenced by the strong order intake during the year  with 13 new MBE systems. In this context  the company's earnings show a clear improvement compared with the previous year.Alongside this  RIBER moved forward with its innovation efforts with the development of ROSIE (RIBER Oxide on SIlicon Epitaxy)  a new system dedicated to the silicon photonics sector. Designed to meet the growing demands of optical transmission and reception applications  its commercial launch  scheduled for 2026  opens up new prospects in a fast-growing market. This dynamism is supported by the demand for advanced semiconductor materials dedicated to data transmission and Artificial Intelligence. The technology developed by RIBER will help reduce energy consumption  particularly in data centers.RevenuesFull-year revenues for 2024 increased to €41.2m  up +5% from 2023. Revenues for MBE systems were up +7% to €31.0m for 12 machines delivered  compared with 13 in 2023. Revenues for services and accessories amounted to 10.2 million euros  representing 24.8% of 2024 revenues  and were broadly stable year-on-year.EarningsThe gross margin was €14.8m  up +12.1%  driven by growth in system business.Income from ordinary operations was €4.5m  up +14.4% compared with the previous year  thanks to effective control of operating costs. It represents 11% of revenues  compared with 10% in 2023.Net income totaled €4.1m  compared with €3.4m in 2023  an increase of +21.4%.Cash flow and balance sheetThe cash position at end-2023 was positive at €8.6m  compared to €9.7m at end-2023.Shareholders’ equity totaled €23.6m  up +€2.3m compared with end-2023. This change is driven by the earnings for the year 2024 and the distribution of amounts drawn against the issue premium for 2023 to shareholders.Order bookThe order book at December 31  2024 represented €21.7m  down 17% year-on-year  including 7 MBE systems (€16.7m)  of which 5 for production  as well as orders for services and accessories (€5.0m).The order book is up after factoring the two new orders announced in January 2025 for a production system in Europe and a research system in the United States  both scheduled for delivery in 2025.OutlookIn view of the uncertainties linked to the application of US customs duties and the economic environment  RIBER is reserving its position on issuing guidance for fiscal year 2025.RIBER remains committed to its medium-term objectives. In this context  RIBER is moving forward with its growth strategy by strengthening its technological leadership and expanding its solutions into new high value-added markets  particularly silicon photonics and materials for quantum technologies. These developments will be presented at the next Annual General Meeting on June 18  2025.Distribution of amounts drawn against the “issue premium” accountThe Board of Directors will propose to the June 18  2025 General Meeting a cash distribution of €0.08 per share  through a partial reimbursement of the issue premium. It will be released for payment on June 25  2025.Next datesApril 18  2025 - 6:00pm: 2024 annual financial reportJune 18  2025 - 10:00am: General Meeting in ParisThe annual financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on April 8  2025. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The certification report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been finalized for publishing the full-year financial report.In compliance with AMF regulations and the operating rules of Euronext Growth Paris  RIBER will henceforth publish its sales figures on a half-yearly basis  except in the event of significant developments.About RIBERFounded in 1964  RIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels. Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research  including quantum computing. RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER : Annie Geoffroy| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comACTUS FINANCE & COMMUNICATION : Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | ccombe@actus.frAttachment,neutral,0.21,0.79,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['solid growth', 'RIBER', 'sales', 'earnings', 'new high value-added markets', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'annual financial statements', 'US customs duties', '2024 annual financial report', 'molecular beam epitaxy', 'strong order intake', 'full-year financial report', 'silicon photonics sector', 'two new orders', 'issue premium” account', '13 new MBE systems', 'June 18, 2025 General Meeting', 'advanced semiconductor materials', 'global market leader', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'MBE system sales', 'MBE systems revenues', 'global leader', 'SIlicon Epitaxy', 'new system', 'Next dates', 'new prospects', '7 MBE systems', 'certification report', 'MBE market', 'semiconductor industry', 'full-year results', 'growing market', 'Order book', 'system business', 'solid growth', 'ordinary operations', 'clear improvement', 'innovation efforts', 'growing demands', 'optical transmission', 'reception applications', 'commercial launch', 'data transmission', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'energy consumption', 'data centers', '10.2 million euros', 'gross margin', 'effective control', 'operating costs', 'Cash flow', 'balance sheet', 'United States', 'economic environment', 'medium-term objectives', 'growth strategy', 'technological leadership', 'quantum technologies', 'partial reimbursement', 'statutory auditors', 'audit procedures', 'consolidated accounts', 'necessary procedures', 'AMF regulations', 'operating rules', 'technical s', 'production system', 'sales figures', 'research system', 'Full-year revenues', 'Key developments', 'industrial production', 'significant developments', 'MBE) equipment', 'Net income', 'Operating income', 'cash position', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'previous year', 'fiscal year', 'revenues targets', 'cash distribution', 'RIBER Oxide', 'Change Revenues', 'accessories revenues', '2024 revenues', 'earnings', 'payout', 'Bezons', 'April', 'profitability', 'December', 'Services', 'momentum', 'strengthening', 'positions', 'context', 'company', 'ROSIE', 'dynamism', 'technology', '12 machines', 'increase', 'end', 'amounts', 'January', 'Europe', 'delivery', 'Outlook', 'view', 'uncertainties', 'guidance', 'solutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', '6:00pm', '10:00am', 'corporate', 'compliance', 'event', 'scientific', '8:00']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50015,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4126635.html,Accor and Interglobe Forge a New Landmark Partnership to Redefine Hospitality in India,In a groundbreaking move set to transform India’s hospitality landscape  Accor  a global hospitality leader  and InterGlobe  India’s foremost travel conglomerate  announced today the strengthening of their partnership to create India’s fastest-growing Hospita…,A unified and autonomous organization between two historical partners to capture India’s booming hospitality marketThe objective is to create India’s fastest-growing hospitality business with an ambitious network target of 300 hotels under Accor’s brands by 2030MUMBAI/PARIS – In a groundbreaking move set to transform India’s hospitality landscape  Accor  a global hospitality leader  and InterGlobe  India’s foremost travel conglomerate  announced today the strengthening of their partnership to create India’s fastest-growing Hospitality Enterprise - offering an unmatched network  a portfolio of brands and distribution across all market segments. With the ambition of capturing India’s booming hospitality market and combining the strengths of global leaders across the industry  the new platform will target a network of 300 hotels under Accor brands by 2030.A STRATEGIC ALLIANCE BUILT ON STRENGTHThis landmark partnership combines the unique strengths of each stakeholder:Accor  a leading global hospitality group  has established an impressive presence in India over the last many years  and currently operates 71 hotels in the country with 40 more in development  spanning from economy to luxury brands. Through this alliance  Accor will significantly expand its footprint and streamline operations  deepening its commitment to solid growth in the Indian market across all segments from economy to lifestyle and luxury.InterGlobe  a leading Indian conglomerate  brings its unparalleled expertise in travel and hospitality  coupled with a proven entrepreneurial track record in aviation (IndiGo)  hotels (in India and Internationally)  airline management  logistics  travel and AI enabled technology. InterGlobe is the largest stakeholder of IndiGo  India’s largest airline with over 400 aircraft serving over 130 destinations with more than 2200 daily flights  carrying over 118 million passengers in FY 25. It is one of the most valued airlines globally in terms of market capitalization.UNLEASHING INDIA’S HOSPITALITY POTENTIALWith an economy growing at an estimated ~7 % GDP rate and a population of 1.4 billion  India is on track to become the world's fifth-largest outbound travel market and third-largest domestic travel market by 2027. A rapidly emerging middle class  improved infrastructure  and increased air connectivity have fueled an unprecedented boom in domestic tourism and international travel  notably into the Middle East and Asia Pacific  where Accor is the leading hotel operator.India’s hotel industry remains highly fragmented  presenting a major opportunity for organized  branded players. By strengthening its long-lasting strategic partnership with InterGlobe  Accor aims to unlock India’s full hospitality potential  leading the transformation of the sector while catering to Indian travelers both domestically and globally.A BOLD EXPANSION STRATEGYThis strategic collaboration between Accor and InterGlobe is structured around the following key initiatives:Creating a hospitality powerhouse covering all segmentsAccor and InterGlobe will bring together their currently owned assets  development and management businesses in the country to form one autonomous  integrated platform.This new entity will become the exclusive vehicle for growing all Accor brands in India  including luxury and lifestyle brands from Ennismore  Accor’s fast-growing hospitality portfolio.Accor will continue to lead operations and brand management and provide full access to its brands and services.Exclusive partnership with TreeboTreebo  one of India’s leading branded budget hotel platforms  manages 800 hotels across 120 cities through its unique tech-driven approach and efficient distribution systems. Accor and InterGlobe will jointly invest in and become the largest shareholder in Treebo. Treebo will take the lead to develop the Ibis and Mercure brands in India through a master license agreement.Under this partnership  Treebo reached an agreement with various property owners to sign ten new Mercure’s  marking a significant milestone in the brand’s expansion in India.Accor’s brands will leverage Treebo’s state of the art technology to tap into India’s vast unbranded hotel market and accelerate growth. The combined Accor and Treebo portfolio will create India’s third-largest hospitality player  with over 30 000 rooms.A GAME-CHANGER FOR INDIAN HOSPITALITY AND FOR ACCOR BRANDS IN INDIAWith a shared vision and a common ambition of transforming India’s hospitality industry  this alliance between InterGlobe and Accor is poised to turbocharge Accor’s presence in India with a target of 300 hotels under the Accor brands by 2030. By combining Accor’s global hospitality expertise  InterGlobe’s deep market knowledge and entrepreneurial approach  and leveraging Treebo’s innovative tech-driven successful hospitality operations  this partnership is poised to redefine the hospitality landscape in India.This landmark partnership marks a transformative moment for Accor and its brands in India. By aligning with our long-term successful and trusted partner InterGlobe and bringing together the best of hospitality  tech and entrepreneurship in India  we are unlocking unprecedented growth potential in one of the world’s most exciting travel markets. Sébastien Bazin  Chairman & CEO of AccorAt InterGlobe  we have always believed in our commitment to building meaningful and enduring relationships with both our partners and the guests we serve. Today  I am delighted to further strengthen our two-decade long association with Accor through this strategic partnership. Together with InterGlobe’s deep market insights  Accor’s world-class services  India’s dynamic growth and evolving travel landscape  we aim to redefine the hospitality experience by offering exceptional value to our guests and setting new standards for excellence in the industry. Rahul Bhatia  Group Managing Director  InterGlobe EnterprisesAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.31,0.27,True,English,"['New Landmark Partnership', 'Accor', 'Interglobe', 'Hospitality', 'India', 'innovative tech-driven successful hospitality operations', 'branded budget hotel platforms', 'A BOLD EXPANSION STRATEGY', 'vast unbranded hotel market', 'one autonomous, integrated platform', 'leading global hospitality group', 'largest outbound travel market', 'largest domestic travel market', 'leading hotel operator', 'organized, branded players', 'two historical partners', 'last many years', 'following key initiatives', 'unique tech-driven approach', 'various property owners', 'deep market knowledge', 'booming hospitality market', 'growing hospitality business', 'global hospitality leader', 'growing Hospitality Enterprise', 'leading Indian conglomerate', 'largest hospitality player', 'foremost travel conglomerate', 'emerging middle class', 'global hospitality expertise', 'efficient distribution systems', 'master license agreement', 'ten new Mercure', 'full hospitality potential', 'growing hospitality portfolio', 'entrepreneurial track record', 'lasting strategic partnership', 'STRATEGIC ALLIANCE BUILT', 'ambitious network target', 'long-term successful', 'new platform', 'Indian market', 'autonomous organization', 'global leaders', 'market capitalization', 'domestic tourism', 'entrepreneurial approach', 'INDIAN HOSPITALITY', 'hotel industry', 'largest airline', 'largest shareholder', 'hospitality landscape', 'hospitality powerhouse', 'strategic collaboration', 'unparalleled expertise', 'international travel', 'Middle East', 'full access', 'hospitality industry', 'largest stakeholder', 'new entity', 'market segments', 'Indian travelers', 'Mercure brands', 'groundbreaking move', 'unmatched network', 'unique strengths', 'airline management', '2200 daily flights', '118 million passengers', '~7 % GDP rate', 'air connectivity', 'unprecedented boom', 'Asia Pacific', 'major opportunity', 'management businesses', 'exclusive vehicle', 'significant milestone', 'transformative moment', 'landmark partnership', 'Exclusive partnership', 'impressive presence', 'solid growth', 'brand management', 'art technology', 'common ambition', 'combined Accor', 'Treebo portfolio', 'lifestyle brands', 'UNLEASHING INDIA', 'luxury brands', 'Accor brands', 'unified', 'objective', '300 hotels', 'MUMBAI/PARIS', 'InterGlobe', 'strengthening', '71 hotels', 'country', 'development', 'economy', 'footprint', 'commitment', 'aviation', 'IndiGo', 'Internationally', 'logistics', '400 aircraft', '130 destinations', 'FY', 'airlines', 'terms', 'population', 'world', 'third', 'infrastructure', 'transformation', 'sector', 'assets', 'Ennismore', 'services', '800 hotels', '120 cities', 'Ibis', 'state', '30,000 rooms', 'GAME-CHANGER', 'vision']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,hospitalitynet.org
50016,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058100/0/en/VGP-announces-nomination-of-Mr-Chris-Morrish-as-member-of-its-Board-of-Directors.html,VGP announces nomination of Mr. Chris Morrish as member of its Board of Directors,Antwerp  Belgium – 9 April 2025: VGP  a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and industrial real estate  as well as a renewable energy provider  announces the nomination of Mr. Chris Morrish as a member of its Board of Directors…,Mr. Morrish will be proposed for appointment to the Board at the Annual General Meeting scheduled for 9 May 2025.He is the former Managing Director and Regional Head of Europe at GIC Real Estate  where he oversaw European property investments.Antwerp  Belgium – 9 April 2025: VGP  a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and industrial real estate  as well as a renewable energy provider  announces the nomination of Mr. Chris Morrish as a member of its Board of Directors. He will bring his broad experience in the real estate sector to further strengthen VGP’s Board. Mr. Morrish will be proposed for appointment to the Board at the Annual General Meeting scheduled for 9 May 2025.Mr. Chris Morrish currently is a Senior Advisor at FREO Group and previously served as Managing Director and Regional Head for Europe at GIC Real Estate  the real estate investment arm of the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (GIC)  where he oversaw European real estate investments and was a member of GIC RE's Global Investment Committee. Prior to joining GIC  Mr. Chris Morrish was Strategic Planning Director at Hammerson plc  a major UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  and Associate Director at Greycoat PLC  specializing in Central London office development. He began his career at Hillier Parker (now CBRE). Chris holds degrees from Pembroke College  Cambridge  and an MBA from City University  with additional studies at Stanford University. He was a Fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) and has served on the Management Board of INREV and the Supervisory Board of the Investment Property Forum (IPF).VGP is honoured to have Mr. Chris Morrish on board  replacing Mrs. Katherina Reiche  to whom VGP expresses its gratitude for her long commitment to the company.ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-european owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial properties as well as a provider of renewable energy solutions. VGP has a fully integrated business model with extensive expertise and many years of experience along the entire value chain. VGP was founded in 1998 as a family-owned Belgian property developer in the Czech Republic and today operates with around 378.4 full-time equivalents in 18 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. In December 2024  the gross asset value of VGP  including the 100% joint ventures  amounted to € 7.8 billion and the company had a net asset value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.4 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: be0003878957).For more information  please go to: http://www.vgpparks.euVGP CONTACT DETAILS FOR MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433 investor.relations@vgpparks.euAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Mr. Chris Morrish', 'VGP', 'nomination', 'member', 'Board', 'Directors', 'major UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'Central London office development', 'real estate investment arm', 'European real estate investments', 'family-owned Belgian property developer', 'industrial real estate', 'real estate sector', 'Investment Property Forum', 'European property investments', 'Singapore Investment Corporation', 'Global Investment Committee', 'GIC Real Estate', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Mrs. Katherina Reiche', 'renewable energy solutions', 'integrated business model', 'entire value chain', 'gross asset value', 'net asset value', 'Strategic Planning Director', 'former Managing Director', 'renewable energy provider', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'Mr. Chris Morrish', 'VGP CONTACT DETAILS', 'Mr. Morrish', '18 European countries', '100% joint ventures', 'Associate Director', 'Regional Head', 'pan-European owner', 'high-quality logistics', 'Senior Advisor', 'FREO Group', 'Hammerson plc', 'Greycoat PLC', 'Hillier Parker', 'Pembroke College', 'City University', 'additional studies', 'Stanford University', 'Royal Institution', 'Chartered Surveyors', 'long commitment', 'semi-industrial properties', 'extensive expertise', 'many years', 'Czech Republic', '378.4 full-time equivalents', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MEDIA ENQUIRIES', 'broad experience', 'Management Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Investor Relations', 'appointment', '9 May', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', '9 April', 'manager', 'nomination', 'member', 'Directors', 'Government', 'REIT', 'career', 'CBRE', 'degrees', 'Cambridge', 'MBA', 'Fellow', 'RICS', 'INREV', 'IPF', 'gratitude', 'company', 'December', 'ISIN', 'information', 'vgpparks', 'Attachment']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50017,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058107/0/en/OSE-Immunotherapeutics-to-Present-Groundbreaking-Extension-Period-Data-on-Lusvertikimab-at-DDW-2025.html,OSE Immunotherapeutics to Present Groundbreaking Extension Period Data on Lusvertikimab at DDW 2025,OSE Immunotherapeutics to Present Groundbreaking Extension Period Data on Lusvertikimab at DDW 2025New Clinical Data from Phase 2 Extension Period in Ulcerative Colitis on Long-Term Benefits and Safety of Anti-IL-7R mAb Lusvertikimab,OSE Immunotherapeutics to Present Groundbreaking Extension Period Data on Lusvertikimab at DDW 2025New Clinical Data from Phase 2 Extension Period in Ulcerative Colitis on Long-Term Benefits and Safety of Anti-IL-7R mAb LusvertikimabNANTES  France – April 9  2025  7:30 a.m. CET - OSE Immunotherapeutics SA (ISIN: FR0012127173; Mnemo: OSE)  a biotech company dedicated to developing first-in-class therapies in immuno-oncology and immuno-inflammation  today announced that the Company will present further efficacy and safety data1 from the 24-week Open Label Extension (OLE) period from CoTikiS Phase 2 clinical study of Lusvertikimab in ulcerative colitis at the Digestive Disease Week conference in San Diego (May 3 – 6  2025).Following the excellent efficacy and safety profile from the trial’s induction period presented as a highlight at the 2025 ECCO congress  this oral presentation will unveil new clinical data from the 24-week Open Label Extension (OLE) period (Week 10 to Week 34) of the randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase 2 study evaluating the anti-IL-7 receptor monoclonal antibody Lusvertikimab in moderate to severe ulcerative colitis. These new findings are expected to provide deeper insights into the long-term benefits and safety of Lusvertikimab  supporting further development in ulcerative colitis  as well as in other chronic autoimmune and inflammatory diseases.Presentation details:Title: “LUSVERTIKIMAB  A FIRST IN CLASS IL7 RECEPTOR ANTAGONIST  IN MODERATE TO SEVERE ULCERATIVE COLITIS: RESULTS OF A MULTICCENTER RANDOMIZED PLACEBO-CONTROLLED PHASE II STUDY”Date and Time: Monday  May 05  2025  from 4:45pm to 5:00pm Pacific TimeSession Presentation: Clinical Trials in IBD: Biologics and Emerging TherapiesSession Number: 0004ABOUT ULCERATIVE COLITIS (UC)Ulcerative colitis is a chronic disease of the large intestine  or colon  and rectum  in which the lining of the gastrointestinal tract becomes inflamed and develops ulcers. This condition is the result of an overactive immune system. UC affects 3.3 million patients in the US  Europe and Japan2. Despite broad therapeutic options  remission rates are only 25-30%3 leaving most patients without satisfactory treatments. 15% of patients4 fail to respond to all therapies and undergo surgery as a last option.ABOUT OSE IMMUNOTHERAPEUTICSOSE Immunotherapeutics is a biotech company dedicated to developing first-in-class assets in immuno-oncology (IO) and immuno-inflammation (I&I) that address the unmet patient needs of today and tomorrow. We partner with leading academic institutions and biopharmaceutical companies in our efforts to develop and bring to the market transformative medicines for people with serious diseases. OSE Immunotherapeutics is based between Nantes and Paris and is quoted on Euronext.Additional information about OSE Immunotherapeutics assets is available on the Company’s website: www.ose-immuno.com. Follow us on LinkedIn.ContactsFiona Olivierfiona.olivier@ose-immuno.comSylvie Détrysylvie.detry@ose-immuno.comFrench Media ContactFP2COMFlorence Portejoiefportejoie@fp2com.fr+33 6 07 768 283U.S. Media ContactRooney Partners LLCKate Barrettekbarrette@rooneypartners.com+1 212 223 0561Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains express or implied information and statements that might be deemed forward-looking information and statements in respect of OSE Immunotherapeutics. They do not constitute historical facts. These information and statements include financial projections that are based upon certain assumptions and assessments made by OSE Immunotherapeutics’ management considering its experience and its perception of historical trends  current economic and industry conditions  expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate.These forward-looking statements include statements typically using conditional and containing verbs such as “expect”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “target”  “plan”  or “estimate”  their declensions and conjugations and words of similar import. Although the OSE Immunotherapeutics management believes that the forward-looking statements and information are reasonable  the OSE Immunotherapeutics’ shareholders and other investors are cautioned that the completion of such expectations is by nature subject to various risks  known or not  and uncertainties which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of OSE Immunotherapeutics. These risks could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. These risks include those discussed or identified in the public filings made by OSE Immunotherapeutics with the AMF. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. This press release includes only summary information and should be read with the OSE Immunotherapeutics Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 30  2024  including the annual financial report for the fiscal year 2023  available on the OSE Immunotherapeutics’ website. Other than as required by applicable law  OSE Immunotherapeutics issues this press release at the date hereof and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking information or statements.1 The abstract was submitted before the completion of the 24-week Open Label Extension (OLE) period. The new data to be presented at DDW 2025 includes additional findings not available at the time of submission.2 Evaluate Pharma3 Drugs Context. 2019; 8: 212572 –doi: 10.7573/dic.2125724 Scientific Reports volume 10  Article number: 12546 (2020)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['Groundbreaking Extension Period Data', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'Lusvertikimab', 'DDW', 'MULTICCENTER RANDOMIZED PLACEBO-CONTROLLED PHASE II STUDY', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 2 study', 'anti-IL-7 receptor monoclonal antibody Lusvertikimab', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics Universal Registration Document', 'CoTikiS Phase 2 clinical study', 'Sylvie Détry sylvie', 'FP2COM Florence Portejoie fportejoie', '24-week Open Label Extension', 'CLASS IL7 RECEPTOR ANTAGONIST', 'U.S. Media Contact', 'Emerging Therapies Session Number', 'Groundbreaking Extension Period Data', 'Pacific Time Session Presentation', 'Digestive Disease Week conference', 'Phase 2 Extension Period', 'French Media Contact', 'New Clinical Data', 'overactive immune system', 'broad therapeutic options', 'unmet patient needs', 'leading academic institutions', 'Rooney Partners LLC', 'annual financial report', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics SA', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics’ management', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics management', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics’ shareholders', 'Anti-IL-7R mAb Lusvertikimab', 'severe ulcerative colitis', 'ABOUT ULCERATIVE COLITIS', 'other chronic autoimmune', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics assets', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'chronic disease', 'class assets', 'class therapies', 'Clinical Trials', 'oral presentation', 'new findings', 'Presentation details', 'OLE) period', 'induction period', 'financial projections', 'other factors', 'other investors', 'Long-Term Benefits', 'San Diego', '2025 ECCO congress', 'deeper insights', 'inflammatory diseases', 'large intestine', 'gastrointestinal tract', '3.3 million patients', 'remission rates', 'most patients', 'satisfactory treatments', 'last option', 'I&I', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'transformative medicines', 'serious diseases', 'Kate Barrette', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'historical trends', 'current economic', 'industry conditions', 'similar import', 'public filings', 'future performance', 'fiscal yea', 'biotech company', 'safety data1', 'excellent efficacy', 'safety profile', 'moderate to', 'Additional information', 'implied information', 'future developments', 'actual results', 'summary information', 'various risks', 'Fiona Olivier', 'DDW', 'NANTES', 'France', 'April', '7:30 a', 'CET', 'ISIN', 'Mnemo', 'immuno-oncology', 'immuno-inflammation', 'highlight', 'Title', 'FIRST', 'Date', 'Monday', 'May', '4:45pm', '5:00pm', 'IBD', 'Biologics', 'colon', 'rectum', 'lining', 'ulcers', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'patients4', 'surgery', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'efforts', 'market', 'people', 'Paris', 'Euronext', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'kbarrette', 'rooneypartners', 'express', 'respect', 'assumptions', 'assessments', 'experience', 'perception', 'conditional', 'verbs', 'expect', 'believe', 'target', 'plan', 'estimate', 'declensions', 'conjugations', 'words', 'completion', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'AMF', 'guarantees']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50018,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058692/0/en/Coface-SA-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-on-Wednesday-May-14-2025-at-02-00pm.html,Coface SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Wednesday  May 14  2025 at 02.00pm,COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Wednesday  May 14  2025 at 02.00pm     Paris  April 9  2025 – 17.45    COFACE SA's shareholders are hereby......,"COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Wednesday  May 14  2025at 02.00pmParis  April 9  2025 – 17.45COFACE SA's shareholders are hereby informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Wednesday  May 14  2025 at 02.00pm at the Group’s headquarters and registered office:1 Place Costes et Bellonte92270 Bois-Colombes - FranceThe notice of meeting containing the agenda and draft resolutions was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (French Bulletin of Mandatory Legal Notices - BALO) No.42 on 7 April 2025 (announcement No. 2500820).Shareholders may attend the meeting regardless of the number of shares they own  under the conditions described in the notice of meeting.We advise the shareholders to:To vote on the resolutions by post or online  using either the postal voting form or the Votaccess platform. They can also appoint the Chairman of the Shareholders’ Meeting to represent them.To submit written questions by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt at: COFACE SA  for the attention of the Investors Relations department  1 place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois-Colombes  France or electronically to the following address: investors@coface.com on May 8  2025  at the latest. To be taken into account  these questions must be accompanied by a book-entry certificate justifying the share ownership.All documents that must be disclosed for this Shareholders’ Meeting will be available to the shareholders  within the legal deadlines  on COFACE SA institutional website (www.coface.com) and more precisely under ""Investors/General Assembly"" (https://www.coface.com/investors/regulated-information/documents-relating-to-the-general-assembly)CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comRina ANDRIAMIADANTSOA: +33 1 49 02 15 85 – rina.andriamiadantsoa@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comAdrien BILLET: +33 1 49 02 23 63 – adrien.billet@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2025(subject to change)Q1-2025 results: 5 May 2025 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting: 14 May 2025H1-2025 results: 31 July 2025 (after market close)9M-2025 results: 3 November 2025 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website: http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2024 and our 2024 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust.You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEAs a global leading player in trade credit risk management for more than 75 years  Coface helps companies grow and navigate in an uncertain and volatile environment.Whatever their size  location or sector  Coface provides 100 000 clients across some 200 markets. with a full range of solutions: Trade Credit Insurance  Business Information  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Surety Bonds  Factoring.Every day  Coface leverages its unique expertise and cutting-edge technology to make trade happen  in both domestic and export markets.In 2024  Coface employed ~5 236 people and registered a turnover of €1.84 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is listed in Compartment A of Euronext ParisISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2024 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 3 April 2025 under the number D.25-0227 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Coface SA', 'Wednesday', 'May', '02.00pm', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'trade credit risk management', 'COFACE SA institutional website', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'Single Risk insurance', 'postal voting form', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'global leading player', 'Trade Credit Insurance', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Main risk factors', 'Mandatory Legal Notices', 'integral regulatory information', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Investors Relations department', 'The Coface Group', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'legal deadlines', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'FOR TRADE', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'registered office', 'Votaccess platform', 'Costes et', 'following address', 'book-entry certificate', 'share ownership', 'Investors/General Assembly', 'Q1-2025 results', 'H1-2025 results', '9M-2025 results', 'press release', 'blockchain technology', 'volatile environment', 'full range', 'Business Information', 'Debt Collection', 'Surety Bonds', 'unique expertise', 'cutting-edge technology', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'new information', 'other circumstance', 'regulated information', '1 Place Costes', 'draft resolutions', 'French Bulletin', 'export markets', 'Euronext Paris', 'unidentified risks', 'Bellonte 92270 Bois-Colombes', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Rina ANDRIAMIADANTSOA', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Adrien BILLET', 'Regulated documents', '200 markets', 'Wednesday', 'May', '02.00pm', 'April', 'headquarters', 'France', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'announcement', 'number', 'shares', 'conditions', 'Chairman', 'questions', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'attention', 'account', 'general-assembly', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'APM', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'companies', 'uncertain', 'size', 'location', 'sector', '100,000 clients', 'Factoring', 'domestic', '~5,236 people', 'turnover', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'DISCLAIMER', 'declarations', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'rise', 'chapter', 'AMF', 'order', 'description', 'businesses', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '49 02', '1 49']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50019,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058768/0/en/Completion-of-Societe-Generale-s-872-million-euros-share-buyback-program-for-cancellation-purpose.html,Completion of Societe Generale’s 872 million euros share buyback program for cancellation purpose,COMPLETION OF SOCIETE GENERALE’S 872 MILLION EUROS SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM FOR CANCELLATION PURPOSE  Regulated Information  Paris  9 April 2025  (In......,COMPLETION OF SOCIETE GENERALE’S 872 MILLION EUROS SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM FOR CANCELLATION PURPOSERegulated InformationParis  9 April 2025(In accordance with article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and article 3(3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 through regulatory technical standards concerning the conditions applicable to buyback programs and stabilization measures)Societe Generale announces the completion of its share buyback program for cancellation purpose  which began on 10 February 2025.22 667 515 Societe Generale ordinary shares have been purchased for a total amount of 872 million euros and will later be cancelled.The description and weekly information on the shares acquired in the context of this share buyback program are available on the Societe Generale website under the section Regulated Information and Other Important Information (societegenerale.com) and here below for the last buyback period.The liquidity contract concluded with Rothschild has also temporarily been suspended throughout the buyback period.Issuer name: Societe Generale - LEI O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41Reference of the financial instrument: ISIN FR0000130809Period: From 7 to 8 April 2025Purchases performed by Societe Generale during the periodAggregated presentation by day and marketIssuer name Issuer code (LEI) Transaction date ISIN Code Daily total volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average price of shares acquired Platform SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 7-Apr-25 FR0000130809 1 026 774 33 0597 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 7-Apr-25 FR0000130809 548 455 33 0694 CEUX SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 7-Apr-25 FR0000130809 79 250 33 0365 TQEX SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 7-Apr-25 FR0000130809 56 437 33 0179 AQEU SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 8-Apr-25 FR0000130809 903 223 35 2255 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 8-Apr-25 FR0000130809 390 000 35 1024 CEUX SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 8-Apr-25 FR0000130809 55 000 34 8731 TQEX SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 8-Apr-25 FR0000130809 40 000 34 8287 AQEU TOTAL 3 099 139 34 0033Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with around 119 000 employees serving more than 26 million clients in 62 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. Mobility  International Retail Banking and Financial Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.72,0.28,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['872 million euros share buyback program', 'Societe Generale', 'cancellation purpose', 'Completion', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', '872 MILLION EUROS SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'Daily weighted average price', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'CEUX SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'TQEX SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'Issuer name Issuer code', 'AQEU SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', '22,667,515 Societe Generale ordinary shares', 'CANCELLATION PURPOSE Regulated Information', 'leading digital bank', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'International Retail Banking', 'section Regulated Information', 'regulatory technical standards', 'three complementary sets', 'specialized financing activities', 'Daily total volume', 'Societe Generale website', 'distinctive global leadership', 'Other Important Information', 'sustainable value creation', 'official Press Releases', 'last buyback period', 'period Aggregated presentation', 'several African countries', 'Group News page', 'societegenerale.com website', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Global Banking', 'AQEU TOTAL', 'Financial Services', 'Inclusion Index', 'French Retail', 'LEI O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'buyback programs', 'leading franchises', 'leading partner', 'global player', 'weekly information', 'ISIN Code', 'web page', 'website societegenerale', '26 million clients', 'total amount', 'Press contacts', 'The Group', 'sustainable future', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'Delegated Regulation', '52 supplementing Regulation', 'stabilization measures', 'liquidity contract', 'financial instrument', 'Transaction date', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'financial solutions', 'trusted relationships', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'equity derivatives', 'universal banks', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'blockchain technology', 'sustainable mobility', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'individual clients', 'insurance franchise', '62 countries', 'COMPLETION', 'Paris', '9 April', 'accordance', 'article', 'conditions', '10 February', 'description', 'context', 'Rothschild', 'Reference', '8 April', 'Purchases', 'day', 'number', 'Platform', 'socgen', '119,000 employees', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'businesses', 'BoursoBank', 'finance', 'structured', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'document', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter/X', 'Attachment']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50020,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058789/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,Amsterdam  April 9  2025  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program for...,"Amsterdam  April 9  2025SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program for the period April 3  2025 through April 9  2025.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024  effective from March 1  2024 and increased by EUR65 million as announced on August 8  2024. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period March 1  2024 through April 9  2025 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 130 000 000 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 123 677 071 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 7 602 435 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 16.27 Start Date March 1  2024 Percentage of program completed as of April 9  2025 95.14% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade DateQuantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount April 3  2025 36 758 EUR 19.01 EUR 698 700 April 4  2025 45 345 EUR 17.61 EUR 798 698 April 7  2025 48 002 EUR 16.48 EUR 791 078 April 8  2025 45 900 EUR 17.20 EUR 789 264 April 9  2025 47 999 EUR 16.54 EUR 793 995 Total 224 004 EUR 17.28 EUR 3 871 7341All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024 and August 8  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore is the world’s deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert. Through the design  construction  installation  and operation of offshore floating facilities  we play a pivotal role in a just transition. By advancing our core  we deliver cleaner  more efficient energy production. By pioneering more  we unlock new markets within the blue economy.More than 7 800 SBMers collaborate worldwide to deliver innovative solutions as a responsible partner towards a sustainable future  balancing ocean protection with progress.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year First Quarter 2025 Trading Update May 15 2025 Half Year 2025 Earnings August 7 2025 Third Quarter 2025 Trading Update November 13 2025 Full Year 2025 Earnings February 26 2026 Annual General Meeting April 15 2026For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 2 02 36 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsGiampaolo ArghittuHead of External RelationsPhone: +31 (0) 6 212 62 333 / +39 33 494 79 584 E-mail: giampaolo.arghittu@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impact  Risk and Opportunity Management’ section of the 2023 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.This release contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined by the ESMA guidelines which are not defined under IFRS. Further information on these APMs is included in the Half-Year Management Report accompanying the Half Year Earnings 2024 report  available on our website https://www.sbmoffshore.com/investors/financial-disclosures.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “F4W®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Half Year Earnings 2024 report', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'employee share programs', 'deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert', 'efficient energy production', 'offshore floating facilities', '2026 Annual General Meeting', 'Cumulative Quantity Repurchased', 'last 5 trading days', 'Half-Year Management Report', 'incorrect, actual results', 'Opportunity Management’ section', 'alternative performance measures', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'EUR130 million', '2023 Annual Report', 'share capital', 'Full Year', 'current views', 'top half', 'Start Date', 'Trade Date', 'Media Relations', 'External Relations', 'Trading Update', 'regular management', 'daily basis', 'Investors section', 'CBOE DXE', 'regular update', 'Corporate Profile', 'pivotal role', 'new markets', 'blue economy', 'innovative solutions', 'responsible partner', 'sustainable future', 'ocean protection', 'First Quarter', 'Third Quarter', 'Corporate Finance', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'similar expressions', 'future operations', 'ESMA guidelines', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying assumptions', 'subsequent events', 'detailed information', 'industry information', 'new information', 'transaction details', 'individual transactions', 'press release', 'Wouter Holties', 'Giampaolo Arghittu', 'Further information', '2025 Earnings', 'April', 'period', 'repurchases', 'February', 'March', 'August', 'objective', 'addition', 'shares', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Company', 'website', '2024 Percentage', 'Overview', 'Turquoise', 'nr', 'world', 'design', 'construction', 'installation', 'transition', 'core', 'More', '7,800 SBMers', 'sbmoffshore', 'mail', 'Head', 'Phone', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'words', 'business', 'obligation', 'APMs', 'IFRS', 'financial-dis']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50021,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058113/0/en/Aegon-announces-reset-of-perpetual-subordinated-bonds.html,Aegon announces reset of perpetual subordinated bonds,The Hague  April 9  2025 - Aegon today announces that it will reset the coupon on its EUR 113 million (NLG 250 million) 1.506% perpetual cumulative subordinated bonds (ISIN: NL0000120004  originally issued in 1995  the “bonds”) on June 8  2025.,"The Hague  April 9  2025 - Aegon today announces that it will reset the coupon on its EUR 113 million (NLG 250 million) 1.506% perpetual cumulative subordinated bonds (ISIN: NL0000120004  originally issued in 1995  the “bonds”) on June 8  2025.As of June 8  2005  and every ten years thereafter  Aegon has had the option to either call the bonds or reset the coupon.The bonds will continue to be outstanding in accordance with their terms  with the next optional redemption date on June 8  2035. The new coupon will be published on or around June 3  2025.ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Richard Mackillican Yves Cormier +31(0) 62 741 1546 +31(0) 70 344 8028 richard.mackillican@aegon.com yves.cormier@aegon.comAbout AegonAegon is an international financial services holding company. Aegon’s ambition is to build leading businesses that offer their customers investment  protection  and retirement solutions. Aegon’s portfolio of businesses includes fully owned businesses in the United States and United Kingdom  and a global asset manager. Aegon also creates value by combining its international expertise with strong local partners via insurance joint-ventures in Spain & Portugal  China  and Brazil  and via asset management partnerships in France and China. In addition  Aegon owns a Bermuda-based life insurer and generates value via a strategic shareholding in a market leading Dutch insurance and pensions company.Aegon’s purpose of helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  Aegon seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  domiciled in Bermuda  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Financial risks - Rapidly rising interest rates; Sustained low or negative interest rate levels; Disruptions in the global financial markets and general economic conditions; Elevated levels of inflation; Illiquidity of certain investment assets; Credit risk  declines in value and defaults in Aegon’s debt securities  private placements  mortgage loan portfolios and other instruments or the failure of certain counterparties; Decline in equity markets; Downturn in the real estate market; Default of a major financial market participant; Failure by reinsurers to which Aegon has ceded risk; Downgrade in Aegon’s credit ratings; Fluctuations in currency exchange rates; Unsuccessful management of derivatives; Subjective valuation of Aegon’s investments  allowances and impairments;Underwriting risks - Differences between actual claims experience/underwriting and reserve assumptions; Losses on products with guarantees due to volatile markets; Restrictions on underwriting criteria and the use of data; Unexpected return on offered financial and insurance products; Reinsurance may not be available  affordable  or adequate; Catastrophic events;Operational risks - Competitive factors; Difficulty in acquiring and integrating new businesses or divesting existing operations; Difficulties in distributing and marketing products through its current and future distribution channels; Slow to adapt to and leverage new technologies; Failure of data management and governance; Epidemics or pandemics; Unsuccessful in managing exposure to climate risk; Unidentified or unanticipated risk events; Aegon’s information technology systems may not be resilient against constantly evolving threats; Computer system failure or security breach; Breach of data privacy or security obligations; Inaccuracies in econometric  financial  or actuarial models  or differing interpretations of underlying methodologies; Inaccurate  incomplete or unsuccessful quantitative models  algorithms or calculations; Issues with third-party providers  including events such as bankruptcy  disruption of services  poor performance  non-performance  or standards of service level agreements not being upheld; Inability to attract and retain personnel;Political  regulatory  and supervisory risks - Requirement to increase technical provisions and/or hold higher amounts of regulatory capital as a result of changes in the regulatory environment or changes in rating agency analysis; Political or other instability in a country or geographic region; Changes in accounting standards; Inability of Aegon’s subsidiaries to pay dividends to Aegon Ltd.; Risks of application of intervention measures;Legal and compliance risks - Unfavorable outcomes of legal and arbitration proceedings and regulatory investigations and actions; Changes in government regulations in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates; Increased attention to sustainability matters and evolving sustainability standards and requirements; Tax risks; Difficulty to effect service of process or to enforce judgments against Aegon in the United States; Inability to manage risks associated with the reform and replacement of benchmark rates; Inability to protect intellectual property;Risks relating to Aegon's common shares - Volatility of Aegon’s share price; Offering of additional common shares in the future; Significant influence of Vereniging Aegon over Aegon’s corporate actions; Currency fluctuations; Influence of Perpetual Contingent Convertible Securities over the market price for Aegon’s common shares.Additionally  Aegon provides some information in this report that is informed by various stakeholder expectations  non-US regulatory requirements  and third-party frameworks. Such information  whether provided here or in Aegon's other disclosures (including website materials)  is not necessarily material for SEC reporting purposes.Even in instances where we use ""material""  this should not in all instances be deemed to refer to materiality for purposes of our U.S. federal securities filings  as there are various definitions of materiality used by different stakeholders  including but not limited to a more expansive ""double materiality"" standard pursuant to the European Sustainability Reporting Standards that has informed much of our sustainability disclosure. Similarly  while we leverage various frameworks in our disclosures  we cannot guarantee  and language such as ""align"" or ""follow"" is not meant to imply complete alignment with these requirements.We similarly cannot guarantee complete alignment with any stakeholder's interpretation or preference for the measurement or presentation of sustainability or other information in this report. Expectations  as well as our own approach  continue to evolve and may change for a variety of reasons  including regulatory or business requirements or other factors that may not be in our control. Similarly  certain disclosures are based on hypothetical scenarios which may not be reflective of expectations or future events; such scenarios are subject to inherent uncertainty given the long-time frames and breadth of variables involved. As a final note  documents and website references included herein are provided solely for convenience and are not incorporated by reference absent express language to the contrary.This document contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the 2023 Integrated Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['perpetual subordinated bonds', 'Aegon', 'reset', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Investor relations Richard Mackillican Yves Cormier', 'international financial services holding company', 'next optional redemption date', 'major financial market participant', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'negative interest rate levels', '1.506% perpetual cumulative subordinated bonds', 'market leading Dutch insurance', 'leading global investor', 'real estate market', 'global asset manager', 'strong local partners', 'Bermuda-based life insurer', 'mortgage loan portfolios', 'currency exchange rates', 'actual claims experience', 'asset management partnerships', 'future distribution channels', 'global financial markets', 'general economic conditions', 'information technology systems', 'unanticipated risk events', 'Media relations', 'debt securities', 'private placements', 'international expertise', 'interest rates', 'pensions company', 'Elevated levels', 'financial prospects', 'insurance joint-ventures', 'future events', 'Financial risks', 'leading businesses', 'Actual results', 'new technologies', 'future performance', 'equity markets', 'Unsuccessful management', 'volatile markets', 'company expectations', 'other events', 'Catastrophic events', 'The Hague', 'retirement solutions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'strategic shareholding', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'societal issues', 'climate change', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'More information', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'social targets', 'undue reliance', 'Credit risk', 'other instruments', 'credit ratings', 'Subjective valuation', 'Unexpected return', 'insurance products', 'Competitive factors', 'new businesses', 'existing operations', 'climate risk', 'data management', 'new coupon', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'Operational risks', 'underwriting criteria', 'Forward-looking statements', 'critical environmental', 'investment assets', 'reserve assumptions', 'Underwriting risks', 'April', 'Aegon', 'NLG', 'ISIN', 'June', 'accordance', 'terms', 'Contacts', 'ambition', 'customers', 'protection', 'value', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'China', 'Brazil', 'France', 'addition', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'focus', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'Netherlands', 'document', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'uncertainties', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'changes', 'low', 'Disruptions', 'inflation', 'Illiquidity', 'defaults', 'failure', 'counterparties', 'Decline', 'Downturn', 'reinsurers', 'Downgrade', 'Fluctuations', 'derivatives', 'investments', 'impairments', 'Differences', 'Losses', 'Restrictions', 'use', 'Reinsurance', 'Difficulty', 'Difficulties', 'distributing', 'marketing', 'current', 'governance', 'Epidemics', 'pandemics', 'exposure', 'Unidentified']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50022,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/09/3058135/0/en/21Shares-Forms-Exclusive-Partnership-with-the-House-of-Doge-to-Launch-Dogecoin-ETP-in-Europe.html,21Shares Forms Exclusive Partnership with the House of Doge to Launch Dogecoin ETP in Europe,Zurich  9 April 2025 – 21Shares AG (“21Shares”)  one of the world’s largest issuers of crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs)  has formed an exclusive partnership with the House of Doge to create the only Dogecoin ETP endorsed by the Dogecoin Foundation  whic…,Zurich  9 April 2025 – 21Shares AG (“21Shares”)  one of the world’s largest issuers of crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs)  has formed an exclusive partnership with the House of Doge to create the only Dogecoin ETP endorsed by the Dogecoin Foundation  which will be listed on SIX Swiss Exchange (ticker: DOGE). This collaboration marks a major milestone in bringing institutional-grade exposure to Dogecoin  one of the most community-driven and widely recognised digital assets.Exchange Product Name Ticker ISIN Fee SIX Swiss Exchange 21Shares Dogecoin ETP DOGE CH1431521033 2.50%The 21Shares Dogecoin ETP is 100% physically backed  offering a transparent and seamless way for investors to gain exposure to Dogecoin through traditional financial channels. Originally launched in 2013 as a light-hearted alternative to Bitcoin  Dogecoin has since grown into one of the most widely recognised and accessible cryptocurrencies  known for its fast transaction speeds  low fees  and increasing merchant adoption. Today  leading brands such as Microsoft and AMC Theatres accept Dogecoin as a payment method  reinforcing its role in mainstream finance.Beyond its technical advantages  Dogecoin has built a highly engaged and socially impactful community  rallying around the principle of “Do Only Good Everyday.” Over the years  its supporters have helped drive initiatives ranging from charitable fundraising to financial accessibility efforts  demonstrating the power of decentralised communities in shaping the future of digital finance.“With this exclusive partnership we’re providing investors with the most direct and accessible way to gain exposure to the Dogecoin ecosystem ” said Duncan Moir  President at 21Shares. “Dogecoin has become more than a cryptocurrency: it represents a cultural and financial movement that continues to drive mainstream adoption  and DOGE offers investors a regulated avenue to be part of this exciting project.”“This partnership marks a very large step forward for the Dogecoin vision ” said Jens Wiechers  Advisory Board Member at House of Doge and Co-Executive Director of the Dogecoin Foundation. “Dogecoin was created to be a fun  accessible form of peer-to-peer money  and over the years  it has demonstrated real-world utility in payments  tipping  and charitable giving. For Dogecoin to reach its full potential as a global currency  institutional support and corporate partnerships are essential. This initiative with 21Shares provides a regulated path for institutions to participate in and amplify the ‘Dogecoin is Money’ vision  while still honoring the community’s spirit. Global adoption is critical  and we’re excited to take this next step – ensuring Dogecoin stays fun  but gains the credibility and backing needed to thrive at scale.”“Our partnership with 21Shares demonstrates the evolving maturity and legitimacy of Dogecoin in the financial world ” said Sarosh Mistry  President and CEO of Sodexo North America and Director-Elect of House of Doge. “Institutional products will empower new types of investors to participate in the Dogecoin ecosystem  reinforcing its role as a leader in the future of digital assets.”With over $7.3 billion in assets under management and listings on 11 major exchanges  including SIX Swiss Exchange  Nasdaq  and Euronext  21Shares continues to drive the integration of digital assets into mainstream finance.Notes to editorsAbout 21Shares21Shares is one of the world’s leading cryptocurrency exchange traded product providers. We were founded to make cryptocurrency more accessible to investors  and to bridge the gap between traditional finance and decentralized finance. In 2018  21Shares listed the world’s first physically-backed crypto ETP  and we have a seven-year track-record of creating crypto exchange-traded funds that are listed on some of the biggest  most-liquid securities exchanges globally. In addition to our seven-year track record  21Shares offers investors best-in-class research and unparalleled client service.21Shares is a member of 21.co  a global leader in decentralized finance. For more information  please visit www.21Shares.com.About House of DogeThe House of Doge is the official corporate arm of the Dogecoin Foundation  committed to transforming Dogecoin into a fully integrated and accessible global payment platform and currency. The House of Doge’s mission is to advance the mainstream adoption of Dogecoin by enhancing its utility through real-world applications.About Dogecoin FoundationThe Dogecoin Foundation is a nonprofit organization committed to developing open-source technology that enhances Dogecoin’s accessibility and utility as a peer-to-peer digital currency.Media ContactMatteo Vallimatteo.valli@21shares.comDISCLAIMERThis document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG in any jurisdiction. Neither this document nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any offer or commitment whatsoever or for any other purpose in any jurisdiction. Nothing in this document should be considered investment advice.This document and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into (directly or indirectly) the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution or release would be unlawful.This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in or into the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. The securities of 21Shares AG to which these materials relate have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will not be a public offering of securities in the United States. Neither the US Securities and Exchange Commission nor any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States has approved or disapproved of an investment in the securities or passed on the accuracy or adequacy of the contents of this presentation. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.Within the United Kingdom  this document is only being distributed to and is only directed at: (i) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”); or (iii) persons who fall within Article 43(2) of the Order  including existing members and creditors of the Company or (iv) any other persons to whom this document can be lawfully distributed in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply. The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.Exclusively for potential investors in any EEA Member State that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) is made available on the Issuer’s website under www.21Shares.com.The approval of the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) should not be understood as an endorsement by the SFSA of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. Eligible potential investors should read the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) and the relevant Final Terms before making an investment decision in order to understand the potential risks associated with the decision to invest in the securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand.This document constitutes advertisement within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and not a prospectus. The 2024 Base Prospectus of 21Shares AG has been deposited pursuant to article 54(2) FinSA with BX Swiss AG in its function as Swiss prospectus review body within the meaning of article 52 FinSA. The 2024 Base Prospectus and the key information document for any products may be obtained at 21Shares AG's website (https://21shares.com/ir/prospectus or https://21shares.com/ir/kids).###Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.23,0.45,True,English,"['21Shares Forms Exclusive Partnership', 'Dogecoin ETP', 'House', 'Europe', 'SIX Swiss Exchange 21Shares Dogecoin ETP DOGE', 'Exchange Product Name Ticker', 'accessible global payment platform', 'The 21Shares Dogecoin ETP', 'backed crypto ETP', 'fast transaction speeds', 'Sodexo North America', 'crypto exchange-traded funds', 'unparalleled client service', 'fun, accessible form', 'crypto exchange-traded products', 'seven-year track record', 'official corporate arm', 'leading cryptocurrency exchange', 'traditional financial channels', 'Advisory Board Member', 'Matteo Valli matteo', 'financial accessibility efforts', 'The Dogecoin Foundation', 'peer digital currency', 'payment method', 'product providers', 'accessible cryptocurrencies', 'accessible way', 'leading brands', 'financial movement', 'global currency', 'corporate partnerships', 'Global adoption', 'Institutional products', 'traditional finance', 'seven-year track-record', 'digital finance', 'The House', 'largest issuers', 'major milestone', 'ISIN Fee', 'seamless way', 'light-hearted alternative', 'low fees', 'merchant adoption', 'AMC Theatres', 'mainstream finance', 'technical advantages', 'charitable fundraising', 'decentralised communities', 'Duncan Moir', 'mainstream adoption', 'regulated avenue', 'exciting project', 'large step', 'Jens Wiechers', 'Co-Executive Director', 'charitable giving', 'full potential', 'institutional support', 'regulated path', 'next step', 'evolving maturity', 'Sarosh Mistry', 'new types', '11 major exchanges', 'decentralized finance', 'class research', 'global leader', 'real-world applications', 'nonprofit organization', 'open-source technology', 'Media Contact', 'other purpose', 'digital assets', 'Dogecoin ecosystem', 'financial world', '21Shares AG', 'exclusive partnership', 'impactful community', 'peer money', 'institutional-grade exposure', 'real-world utility', 'Dogecoin vision', 'Zurich', '9 April', 'ETPs', 'collaboration', 'community-driven', 'transparent', 'investors', 'Bitcoin', 'increasing', 'Microsoft', 'role', 'engaged', 'socially', 'principle', 'years', 'supporters', 'initiatives', 'power', 'future', 'President', 'cultural', 'payments', 'tipping', 'institutions', 'spirit', 'credibility', 'backing', 'scale', 'legitimacy', 'CEO', 'management', 'listings', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'integration', 'Notes', 'editors', 'gap', 'addition', '21.co', 'information', 'integrated', 'mission', 'DISCLAIMER', 'document', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'basis', 'connection', 'commitment']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,globenewswire.com
50023,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.antaranews.com/news/351037/totalenergies-eneos-successfully-deployed-imerys-first-onsite-solar-project-in-southeast-asia,TotalEnergies ENEOS successfully deployed Imerys' first onsite solar project in Southeast Asia,TotalEnergies ENEOS and Imerys successfully deployed a 1 megawatt-peak (MWp) solar rooftop photovoltaic (PV) system at Imerys' calcium carbonate production ...,"TotalEnergies ENEOS successfully deployed Imerys' first onsite solar project in Southeast AsiaIpoh  Malaysia  (ANTARA/PRNewswire)- TotalEnergies ENEOS and Imerys successfully deployed a 1 megawatt-peak (MWp) solar rooftop photovoltaic (PV) system at Imerys' calcium carbonate production facility in Ipoh  Malaysia. This is Imerys' first onsite solar project in Southeast Asia  and follows a similar project deployed in Wuhu  China in December 2024.With nearly 1 800 solar modules installed  the system is set to generate an estimated 1 400 megawatt-hours (MWh) of renewable electricity annually  reducing the annual CO2 emissions by approximately 790 tons. This is equivalent to planting over 11 850 trees.Guillaume Delacroix  Senior Vice President  Imerys Performance Minerals EMEA and APAC said: ""Imerys aims to reduce its Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 42% in absolute terms by 2030 (from a 2021 baseline)  in line with the 1.5°C trajectory. The solar project at Ipoh is one of similar Power Purchasing Agreements at our specialty mineral production sites around the world  and a concrete example of what Imerys is doing to achieve this ambitious goal"".Prasanna Karandikar  Industrial Director  Imerys Performance Minerals APAC added  ""The partnership with TotalEnergies ENEOS has enabled us to reduce our energy costs without any upfront investment or operational risks  allowing us to maintain our focus on our core business in Malaysia. Imerys intends to step up the energy transition of its specialty minerals business in the Asia Pacific region with similar projects at other sites  including its Wuhu talc and calcium carbonate operations deployed in 2024. Switching to sustainable energy sources such as solar power not only enables us to lower our own carbon footprint  it allows us to offer customers products with an improved eco-profile. At the end of the day  it's a win-win situation for our entire value chain!""Alexandru Buzatu  Director of TotalEnergies ENEOS Renewables Distributed Generation Asia Pacific commented: ""We are proud to partner with Imerys on their first onsite solar project in Southeast Asia  supporting their decarbonization journey. This partnership underscores our commitment to providing cost efficient and sustainable energy solutions to our customers. We look forward to a fruitful collaboration with Imerys  paving the way for future initiatives.""Under the 25-years Power Purchasing Agreement (PPA)  there is no upfront investment required by Imerys  bringing about significant cost savings for the client. TotalEnergies ENEOS fully funded  installed  and will operate and maintain the solar system  while Imerys will purchase the electricity produced for the duration of the PPA.The deployment of the solar system in Malaysia further highlights Imerys' commitment to improve energy efficiency and increase use of renewable electricity at its sites globally.Located northeast of Kuala Lumpur  and operated by Imerys Minerals Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.  the Ipoh calcium carbonate mine and its adjacent processing facilities constitute Imerys' largest operation in Southeast Asia. The site produces ground calcium carbonate  sold to diverse markets throughout Asia Pacific. Flagship products include Imerys' FilmLink® brand  an important ingredient in breathable medical gowns and hygiene products  as well as its ImerTouch™ GCC slurry for the latex glove market. As such  the site played a major role in supplying the region with critical ingredients during the recent Covid crisis. Other well-known ranges produced at Ipoh include the highly versatile ImerCarb® brand which is used in a variety of applications such as plastics  rubber  paints and adhesives.To learn more about TotalEnergies ENEOS tailored solar solutions  check out the free brochure  or contact directly for more information.***The company is a 50/50 joint venture between TotalEnergies and ENEOS to develop onsite B2B solar distributed generation across Asia. It is headquartered in Singapore with a plan to develop 2 GW of decentralized solar capacity over the next five years. https://solar.totalenergies.asia As part of its ambition to get to net zero by 2050  TotalEnergies is building a world class cost-competitive portfolio combining renewables (solar  onshore and offshore wind) and flexible assets (CCGT  storage) to deliver clean firm power to its customers. By the end of 2024  TotalEnergies' gross renewable electricity generation installed capacity reached over 24 GW. TotalEnergies will continue to expand this business to reach 35 GW in 2025 and more than 100 TWh of net electricity production by 2030. https://renewables.totalenergies.com/en ENEOS Group operates solar power plants in Japan and is also participating in renewable energy projects in the United States  Australia  Vietnam and Taiwan region. Furthermore  ENEOS is actively engaged in power generation projects using biomass  hydroelectric power  wind power  etc. This joint venture is ENEOS' first overseas renewable energy project using distributed power sources.TotalEnergies is a global integrated energy company that produces and markets energies: oil and biofuels  natural gas and green gases  renewables and electricity. Our more than 100 000 employees are committed to provide as many people as possible with energy that is more reliable  more affordable and more sustainable. Active in about 120 countries  TotalEnergies places sustainability at the heart of its strategy  its projects and its operations.X LinkedIn Facebook InstagramENEOS Group has developed businesses in the energy and nonferrous metals segments  from upstream to downstream. The Group's envisioned goals for 2040 are: becoming one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia  creating value by transforming our current business structure  and contributing to the development of a low-carbon  recycling-oriented society with the pursuit of carbon-neutral status in its own CO2 emissions. ENEOS Corporation  one of the principal operating companies in the Group  is contributing to achievement of the Group's envisioned goals through a broad range of energy businesses.Imerys is the world's leading supplier of mineral-based specialty solutions for the industry with €3.8 billion in revenue and 13 700 employees in 54 countries in 2023. The Group offers high value-added and functional solutions to a wide range of industries and fast-growing markets such as solutions for the energy transition and sustainable construction  as well as natural solutions for consumer goods. Imerys draws on its understanding of applications  technological knowledge  and expertise in material science to deliver solutions which contribute essential properties to customers' products and their performance. As part of its commitment to responsible development  Imerys promotes environmentally friendly products and processes in addition to supporting its customers in their decarbonization efforts.Imerys is listed on Euronext Paris (France) with the ticker symbol NK.PA.TotalEnergies ENEOS ContactsMedia Relations: contact.solar.asia@totalenergies.comImerys Contacts:Media Relations: Rebecca Vicente  Communications Manager (rebecca.vicente@imerys.com)The terms ""TotalEnergies""  ""TotalEnergies company"" or ""Company"" in this document are used to designate TotalEnergies SE and the consolidated entities that are directly or indirectly controlled by TotalEnergies SE. Likewise  the words ""we""  ""us"" and ""our"" may also be used to refer to these entities or to their employees. The entities in which TotalEnergies SE directly or indirectly owns a shareholding are separate legal entities. This document may contain forward-looking information and statements that are based on a number of economic data and assumptions made in a given economic  competitive and regulatory environment. They may prove to be inaccurate in the future and are subject to a number of risk factors. Neither TotalEnergies SE nor any of its subsidiaries assumes any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking information or statement  objectives or trends contained in this document whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Information concerning risk factors  that may affect TotalEnergies' financial results or activities is provided in the most recent Registration Document  the French-language version of which is filed by TotalEnergies SE with the French securities regulator Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  and in the Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).The terms ""ENEOS""  ""ENEOS Group"" in this document are used to designate ENEOS Corporation and the consolidated entities that are directly or indirectly controlled by ENEOS Corporation. This document contains certain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those reflected in any forward-looking statement due to various factors  which include  but are not limited to  the following: (1) macroeconomic conditions and changes in the competitive environment in the energy  resources  and materials industries; (2) the impact of COVID-19 on economic activity; (3) changes in laws and regulations; and (4) risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings.Source: TotalEnergies Renewables Distributed GenerationReporter: PR WireEditor: PR WireCopyright © ANTARA 2025",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.24,0.22,True,English,"['TotalEnergies ENEOS', 'first onsite', 'solar project', 'Southeast Asia', 'Imerys', '1 megawatt-peak (MWp) solar rooftop photovoltaic (PV) system', 'ENEOS Renewables Distributed Generation Asia Pacific', ""Imerys' calcium carbonate production facility"", 'Imerys Minerals Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.', 'first overseas renewable energy project', '25-years Power Purchasing Agreement', 'world class cost-competitive portfolio', 'Imerys Performance Minerals EMEA', 'specialty mineral production sites', 'similar Power Purchasing Agreements', 'global integrated energy company', 'Ipoh calcium carbonate mine', 'gross renewable electricity generation', 'Imerys Performance Minerals APAC', 'calcium carbonate operations', 'ground calcium carbonate', 'distributed power sources', 'specialty minerals business', 'net electricity production', 'power generation projects', 'Senior Vice President', 'sustainable energy sources', 'entire value chain', 'adjacent processing facilities', 'breathable medical gowns', 'ImerTouch™ GCC slurry', 'latex glove market', 'recent Covid crisis', 'next five years', 'clean firm power', 'renewable energy projects', 'sustainable energy solutions', 'significant cost savings', 'solar power plants', 'Asia Pacific region', 'annual CO2 emissions', '50/50 joint venture', ""Imerys' FilmLink® brand"", 'decentralized solar capacity', 'solar system', 'similar projects', 'energy costs', 'energy transition', 'energy efficiency', 'hydroelectric power', 'wind power', 'solar project', 'solar solutions', 'first onsite', 'Southeast Asia', 'cost efficient', 'ImerCarb® brand', '1,800 solar modules', 'B2B solar', 'Guillaume Delacroix', 'absolute terms', '1.5°C trajectory', 'concrete example', 'ambitious goal', 'Prasanna Karandikar', 'upfront investment', 'operational risks', 'core business', 'carbon footprint', 'win-win situation', 'Alexandru Buzatu', 'decarbonization journey', 'fruitful collaboration', 'future initiatives', 'Kuala Lumpur', 'largest operation', 'diverse markets', 'important ingredient', 'major role', 'critical ingredients', 'known ranges', 'free brochure', 'offshore wind', 'flexible assets', 'United States', 'Taiwan region', 'other sites', 'ENEOS Group', 'Flagship products', 'hygiene products', 'Industrial Director', 'Wuhu talc', ""Imerys' commitment"", 'TotalEnergies ENEOS', 'ANTARA/PRNewswire', 'China', 'December', '1,400 megawatt-hours', 'MWh', '790 tons', '11,850 trees', 'Scope 1', '2021 baseline', 'partnership', 'focus', 'customers', 'improved', 'eco-profile', 'end', 'day', 'way', 'PPA', 'client', 'duration', 'deployment', 'use', 'versatile', 'variety', 'applications', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'paints', 'adhesives', 'information', 'Singapore', '2 GW', 'ambition', 'onshore', 'CCGT', 'storage', '24 GW', '35 GW', '100 TWh', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Vietnam', 'biomass']",2025-04-09,2025-04-10,en.antaranews.com
50024,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nltimes.nl/2025/04/10/stocks-trading-8-higher-euronext-amsterdam-trump-pauses-us-tariff-plan,Stocks trading 8% higher on Euronext Amsterdam after Trump pauses U.S. tariff plan,Stockbrokers sent the Euronext Amsterdam exchange soaring when the gong sounded at the market opening on the Damrak on Thursday morning. There was an almost immediate 7.70 percent increase on the AEX Index listing of the top companies ,"Stockbrokers sent the Euronext Amsterdam exchange soaring when the gong sounded at the market opening on the Damrak on Thursday morning. There was an almost immediate 7.70 percent increase on the AEX Index listing of the top companies  bringing the price up to over 854 euros  a reaction to U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to freeze most American tariff increases for 90 days  except on goods from China.Within minutes of the 9 a.m. opening  payment processor Adyen was up over 15 percent  and tech stocks ASM International and ASML were up over 14 and 12 percent  respectively. Arcelor Mittal also showed sharp gains of about 12 percent  with Randstad  Aegon  Philips  and ING all around 9 to 10 percent higher than when the market closed on Wednesday.The Midkap index of mid-range companies on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange showed an early jump of about 5 percent  while the SmallCap fund was up over 3 percent. The AEX All-Share index was also up about 1.5 percent.After-hours trading in the AEX Index Future saw an increase of about 8.1 percent to 861.15 euros from when the Euronext Amsterdam closed on Wednesday to the next opening gong. The AEX Future was also up about 8 percent to 857.35 euros during the same period. Both futures funds saw prices quickly increase after Trump dialed back American tariff plans.A nearly 8 percent gain on opening is big  but not a record for the AEX. On 11 November 1987  the AEX booked its largest daily gain ever with a plus of almost 12 percent. That was a recovery from the infamous ""Black Monday"" on 19 October 1987  when the AEX lost 12 percent. The Amsterdam main index also experienced several large losses and gains during the financial crisis in 2008. On 13 October 2008  for example  the index gained 10.6 percent  recovering from a loss of over 9 percent on 6 October 2008.Exactly one week after bluntly introducing import tariffs affecting all non-American goods  Donald Trump surprised everyone on Wednesday by announcing that the U.S. will pause the tariffs for dozens of countries. According to NOS  it looks like the 20 percent import duties against the European Union will also be paused  though the White House has not yet provided full clarity on this.Trump made an exception for China. Instead of pausing the U.S. import duties on Chinese goods  he increased them to 125 percent. According to Trump  China did not show respect for the global market. Earlier in the day  China increased import duties on American products to 84 percent in retaliation for Trump’s hike on import duties on Chinese products to 104 percent.Earlier on Wednesday  the European Union announced the countermeasures it would implement in retaliation for previously imposed American import duties on steel and aluminum  among other things. Next week  duties on certain American goods will increase to 25 percent. The European Commission waited much longer than China to take countermeasures and may have escaped Trump’s dance. Europe will likely continue to negotiate with the U.S. about the remaining tariffs.“I welcome President Trump’s announcement to pause reciprocal tariffs. It’s an important step towards stabilizing the global economy ” said European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen in a statement released Thursday morning. “Tariffs are taxes that only hurt businesses and consumers. That’s why I’ve consistently advocated for a zero-for-zero tariff agreement between the European Union and the United States.”She added that Europe will still press ahead with negotiations with other countries “to focus on diversifying” the bloc’s trade partnerships  while also making trade smoother and easier within the EU. “This crisis has made one thing clear: in times of uncertainty  the single market is our anchor of stability and resilience.”",neutral,0.05,0.77,0.18,mixed,0.11,0.31,0.58,True,English,"['U.S. tariff plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Stocks', 'Trump', 'President Ursula von der Leyen', 'U.S. President Donald Trump', 'most American tariff increases', 'The Amsterdam main index', 'The AEX All-Share index', 'U.S. import duties', 'American tariff plans', 'payment processor Adyen', 'infamous ""Black Monday', 'several large losses', 'The AEX Future', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'largest daily gain', 'zero tariff agreement', 'The European Commission', 'AEX Index listing', 'AEX Index Future', 'American import duties', 'next opening gong', '20 percent import duties', 'immediate 7.70 percent increase', 'President Trump', 'Midkap index', 'American products', 'American goods', 'import tariffs', 'European Union', 'Thursday morning', 'top companies', 'tech stocks', 'ASM International', 'Arcelor Mittal', 'mid-range companies', 'early jump', 'SmallCap fund', 'hours trading', 'same period', 'futures funds', 'White House', 'full clarity', 'Chinese products', 'other things', 'important step', 'global economy', 'United States', 'one thing', '8 percent gain', 'Chinese goods', 'global market', 'single market', 'remaining tariffs', 'reciprocal tariffs', 'market opening', 'sharp gains', 'financial crisis', 'other countries', 'trade partnerships', 'AEX.', '15 percent', '12 percent', '3 percent', '1.5 percent', '8.1 percent', '10.6 percent', '9 percent', '125 percent', '84 percent', '104 percent', 'Stockbrokers', 'Damrak', 'price', '854 euros', 'reaction', 'decision', '90 days', 'China', 'minutes', '9 a', 'ASML', 'Randstad', 'Aegon', 'Philips', 'Wednesday', '861.15 euros', '857.35 euros', 'record', '11 November', 'recovery', '19 October', '13 October', 'example', '6 October', 'everyone', 'dozens', 'NOS', 'exception', 'respect', 'retaliation', 'hike', 'countermeasures', 'steel', 'aluminum', 'dance', 'announcement', 'statement', 'taxes', 'businesses', 'consumers', 'negotiations', 'bloc', 'times', 'uncertainty', 'anchor', 'stability', 'resilience', '14']",2025-04-10,2025-04-10,nltimes.nl
