UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
46049,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ftse-index-revamp-korean-indian-220000782.html,FTSE’s Index Revamp Has Korean  Indian Bond Markets on Watch,South Korea has ticked every box in an attempt to get its bonds included in a major FTSE Russell index  while India has steered clear of public overhauls — but the latter’s popularity with global investors may give it an edge to join a related benchmark.,(Bloomberg) -- South Korea has ticked every box in an attempt to get its bonds included in a major FTSE Russell index  while India has steered clear of public overhauls — but the latter’s popularity with global investors may give it an edge to join a related benchmark.Most Read from BloombergFTSE Russell will on Oct. 8 announce any inclusions into benchmarks including its World Government Bond Index  with a market value of $29 trillion. Seoul hopes it finally made the cut after overhauling currency and debt-market operations.At the same time  India  which joined a flagship JPMorgan Chase & Co. gauge despite being a reform laggard  may get into FTSE Russell’s emerging-market bond index  with a $4.6 trillion market value  this time around. The index provider told investors it had very positive meetings with India’s securities regulator  according to a document seen by Bloomberg.Vietnamese equities are on the watch list for promotion to emerging market from frontier.It’s a propitious time to get access to the big investors attracted by such status. Global funds are piling back into up-and-coming economies after years of losses  as US borrowing costs come down  thanks to Federal Reserve interest-rate cuts which have prompted investors to seek better returns overseas. India’s JPMorgan index-eligible bonds have attracted $14 billion of inflows this year through the end of August.“The current environment is indeed favorable for EM bonds  with many investors seeking higher yields and diversification ” said Althea Spinozzi  head of fixed income research at Saxo Bank AS in Hellerup  Denmark. “Index inclusions tend to attract substantial capital inflows  as global investors who track these benchmarks adjust their portfolios.”South Korea’s government expects accession to the WGBI to draw as much as 90 trillion won ($68 billion) of inflows. That would be a welcome source of fresh funds  especially given that the rapidly aging country is forecast to step up public borrowing next year.And South Korea at first glance seems like a top contender to get in  after multiple attempts stretching back more than a decade. Since being added to a watchlist for inclusion in the WGBI two years ago  Seoul has extended trading hours for the won and set up a system with Euroclear so foreign investors don’t have to open accounts with local banks. Korea says it has met all conditions for index entry.Story continuesHowever  there were just 26 transactions in the country’s bonds via Euroclear from July 1 to Aug. 28. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. strategists say such thin volumes mean inclusion is likely to be delayed until 2025  and Morgan Stanley also sees inclusion occurring next year.On the equities front  Korea has an additional headache after a ban on short selling got imposed in November. FTSE Russell may flag the country’s stocks as being at risk of a downgrade from developed-market status. The government was in contact with the index provider to address concerns  newspaper DongA Ilbo reported last month.Even if Korean bonds don’t make the cut this year  “I do expect the language to sound a bit more positive at the review given the efforts made to improve access to both bonds and FX ” said Low Guan Yi  Asia head of fixed income at M&G investments in Singapore.India’s SituationIndia  on the other hand  hasn’t set up an arrangement with Euroclear at all. At its last assessment in March  FTSE Russell cited India for a difficult registration process for foreign investors  along with the amount of time it takes to settle trades and taxation.Still  that didn’t stop JPMorgan from including Indian government bonds in its own closely followed emerging-market bond index in June. The country benefited from demand for vehicles to invest in major emerging markets  after Russia was excluded due to its invasion of Ukraine.India’s capital markets regulator said last month it’s working to streamline the registration process for foreign investors buying sovereign debt.FTSE Russell Cites Positive Talks With India SEBI on BondsOn the equities front  Vietnam is likely to get an upgrade to emerging market from frontier only next year  analysts say. A new rule canceling the requirement that overseas investors fully pre-fund equity trades — considered a major sticking point — takes effect only on Nov. 2.“The demand is there for emerging-market local debt and equities as well ” said Jon Harrison  managing director for EM macro strategy at TS Lombard in London. “Lower global yields will help to encourage investors.”Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Ltd.  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.--With assistance from John Cheng  Subhadip Sircar and Youkyung Lee.(Updates information on indexes in second and third paragraphs.)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2024 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.35,0.17,True,English,"['Korean, Indian Bond Markets', 'Index Revamp', 'FTSE', 'Watch', 'Goldman Sachs Group Inc. strategists', 'Federal Reserve interest-rate cuts', 'Bloomberg Index Services Ltd.', 'World Government Bond Index', 'major FTSE Russell index', 'major emerging markets', 'major sticking point', 'emerging-market bond index', 'Saxo Bank AS', 'Low Guan Yi', 'M&G investments', 'US borrowing costs', 'capital markets regulator', 'EM macro strategy', 'fixed income research', 'difficult registration process', 'fund equity trades', 'emerging-market local debt', '2024 Bloomberg L.P.', 'Lower global yields', 'substantial capital inflows', 'Indian government bonds', 'JPMorgan index-eligible bonds', '$4.6 trillion market value', 'index provider', 'index entry', 'securities regulator', 'higher yields', 'public borrowing', 'local banks', 'sovereign debt', 'Index inclusions', 'Global funds', 'EM bonds', 'public overhauls', 'related benchmark', 'debt-market operations', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Co. gauge', 'reform laggard', 'positive meetings', 'watch list', 'coming economies', 'current environment', 'Althea Spinozzi', 'welcome source', 'fresh funds', 'first glance', 'top contender', 'multiple attempts', 'a decade', 'trading hours', 'thin volumes', 'Morgan Stanley', 'additional headache', 'short selling', 'DongA Ilbo', 'other hand', 'last assessment', 'Positive Talks', 'new rule', 'Jon Harrison', 'managing director', 'TS Lombard', 'Bloomberg LP', 'parent company', 'other providers', 'John Cheng', 'Youkyung Lee', 'third paragraphs', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'global investors', 'Vietnamese equities', 'equities front', 'Korean bonds', 'big investors', 'many investors', 'foreign investors', 'overseas investors', 'same time', 'propitious time', 'South Korea', 'Asia head', 'market status', 'aging country', 'India SEBI', '90 trillion', 'box', 'popularity', 'edge', 'Oct.', 'benchmarks', 'Seoul', 'currency', 'flagship', 'document', 'promotion', 'frontier', 'access', 'years', 'losses', 'returns', 'August', 'diversification', 'Hellerup', 'Denmark', 'portfolios', 'WGBI', 'watchlist', 'won', 'system', 'Euroclear', 'accounts', 'conditions', 'Story', '26 transactions', 'July', 'Aug.', 'November', 'stocks', 'risk', 'downgrade', 'contact', 'concerns', 'newspaper', 'language', 'review', 'efforts', 'FX', 'Singapore', 'Situation', 'arrangement', 'March', 'amount', 'taxation', 'June', 'demand', 'vehicles', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'upgrade', 'analysts', 'requirement', 'effect', 'Nov.', 'London', 'indexes', 'assistance', 'Subhadip', 'Sircar', 'Updates', 'information', 'second']",2024-10-07,2024-10-07,finance.yahoo.com
46050,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.voltairenet.org/article221333.html,The place of the United States and Israel in the governments of the EU and France   by Thierry Meyssan,The European Union was founded not by Europeans  but by the United States and the United Kingdom to better control them. The European Commission (formerly called the High Authority) is the unelected administration responsible for imposing their will on the Me…,"In France and in the European Union  the place and responsibility of States are gradually being called into question. Without any changes being made to the European Treaties  many of the Member States’ powers have been discreetly transferred to the European Commission over the last five years.The origins of the European CommissionLet us first recall that the European Union is the result of a process imagined by the Anglo-Saxons at the end of 1942. Admiral William Leahy  Chief of Staff of the United States Armed Forces and former ambassador to Vichy until May 1942  established in Algiers an Allied Military Government of Occupied Territories (AMGOT) for France  led by Admiral François Darlan and then General Henri Girault. He applied the Vichy laws  but did not recognize the authority of Charles De Gaulle in London.Charles De Gaulle  considering that the British and the Americans had no more right than the Nazis to occupy his country  was firmly opposed to it (hence his opposition to the Normandy landings [1]). Also this government could only be extended to Germany  Austria and Japan  but not as planned to Norway  the Netherlands  Luxembourg  Belgium  Denmark and France.In view of this failure  the Anglo-Saxons sought a form of governance to be able to control the whole world  in accordance with their common will expressed at the Atlantic Conference.At the end of the Second World War  the United States and the United Kingdom divided the world between them. Churchill imagined grouping West Germany  Belgium  France  Italy  Luxembourg and the Netherlands in a supranational organisation  the European Economic Community (EEC). It was to replace the AMGOT (which persisted in Germany and Italy) to implement the principle of free movement of people  services and capital  in accordance with the Anglo-Saxon strategy of free trade. The United States linked the Marshall Plan loans to the obligation of these countries to join the EEC.The British MI6 created the European League for European Cooperation (ELEC)  while the CIA financed the Union of European Federalists (UEF) and created the American Committee on United Europe (ACUE).The first president of the High Authority of the EEC  that is to say of the predecessor of the Commission of the European Union  was the German Walter Hallstein (1958-1967). This Nazi jurist had designed the Neuordnung Europas (New European Order) for the Führer Adolf Hitler: it was about replacing nation states with ethnic regional structures  while extending the Reich to all German-speaking populations  and emptying its living space of its indigenous populations. Walter Hallstein only having to manage part of Europe for the Anglo-Saxons  he did not have to address the issues of the expansion of Germany or that of the expulsion or extermination of Slavic populations. As a precaution  the Anglo-Saxons neutralized him by removing the regionalization policy from his functions  which they entrusted to the Council of Europe.Throughout its history  the High Authority  then the European Commission  were only civilian interfaces between NATO (which replaced AMGOT) and the Member States. Its first officials came from AMGOT in Germany and Italy. During the war  they had been trained in civil-military affairs in about ten US universities.These (non-elected) administrations have the power to initiate rules in the Union area instead of the (elected) European Parliament. This point is extremely important: the High Authority  then the Commission  have no other goal than to introduce all NATO standards into the laws of the Member States. The European Parliament is only a chamber for recording the decisions of Anglo-Saxon imperialism.Today  the Commission has imposed standards on the production of chocolate (which are exactly those previously set by NATO for the chocolate bar in the soldier’s ration) and on the construction of certain roads (in order to be able to pass through them by the Alliance’s tanks).The van der Leyen CommissionLet us now come to the present period. In 2014  it was agreed that the presidency of the Commission will go to the head of the list of the party that won the European Parliament election. At the time  it was thought that either the European People’s Party (EPP) or the Party of European Socialists (PES)  which already shared the presidency of the Parliament  would come out on top. Former Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker  a member of NATO’s stay-behind networks (Gladio)  was appointed by the EPP and became President of the Commission from 2014 to 2019.In 2019  the presidency of the Commission should have fallen to the Christian Democrat Manfred Weber. However  he relinquished this position  paving the way for the Social Democrat Frans Timmermans  former Dutch Foreign Minister  whose party came second in the European Parliament elections.(…)Scientists now believe that 2.8 billion of these doses were not vaccines  but only mRNA drugs. Moreover  they were all experimental.The Court of Justice of the European Union will deplore the Commission’s lack of transparency regarding the contracts for the purchase of anti-Covid vaccines. However  none of the procedures initiated to obtain information about the exchanges between the pharmaceutical laboratories and Ms van der Leyen will be successful. Her husband  Heiko von der Leyen  was appointed medical director of Orgenesis  a company linked to one of the laboratories manufacturing the vaccines. He works very little there and receives an exorbitant salary. In addition  according to the Court of Auditors of Cyprus  Ursual van der Leyen’s Health Commissioner  the Greek Stélla Kyriakídou  received 4 million euros via her husband  Kyriakos Kyriakídou.On February 23  2022  Russia began its “special military operation” to put an end to the massacres perpetrated by “integral nationalists” in Donbass. This entry of the Russian army into Ukrainian territory is considered by NATO as an aggression  although it is only an application of Resolution 2202 and the responsibility to protect. In any case  the High Representative and Vice-President of the Commission  Josep Borrell  declared: “This is the moment when geopolitical Europe is being born”.The Commission immediately proposed packages of coercive measures against Russia that the Council adopted without debate. This is the transcription into European law of the measures already taken by the United States and coordinated by the former Washington ambassador to Moscow  Michael McFaul.The Commission also proposed a vast programme of financial and military aid to Ukraine. It is drawn up by Björn Seibert  Ursula van der Leyen’s chief of staff and a former analyst at the American Enterprise Institute  in constant contact with Washington. To date  it has mobilised 88 billion euros in financial aid for kyiv and 50 billion euros in weapons (“Ukraine Facility”).Michel Barnier’s role in FranceBefore the European elections in June 2024  President Emmanuel Macron proposed that Michel Barnier become his Prime Minister. However  the presidential list failed to garner 15% of the vote. President Macron then dissolved the National Assembly with a serious hope of reconstituting his parliamentary majority. However  Jean-Luc Mélenchon managed to bring together the left-wing parties within the New Popular Front in two days. In the first round  the presidential list only garnered 20% of the vote. President Macron avoided the worst by organizing a ""Republican Front"" against Marine Le Pen’s National Rally. It was only after two months of procrastination that he managed to appoint Michel Barnier as Prime Minister.Michel Barnier is an opportunist. A supporter of the Gaullist Jacques Chaban-Delmas  he betrayed him for the Atlanticist Valéry Giscard d’Estaing in 1977. A supporter of the neo-Gaullist Jacques Chirac  he betrayed him through the Atlanticist Édouard Balladur in 1993. In 2007  in the Clearstream 2 affair  he testified before Judge Renaud Van Ruymbeke against the Gaullist Dominique de Villepin in favor of the Atlanticist Nicolas Sarkozy.His only constant is to participate in the construction of the European Union in the shadow of Washington and London. After the rejection by referendum of the European Constitution  he was a member of the Amato group that drafted the Lisbon Treaty  which would be imposed through parliamentary channels. He patiently negotiated the conditions of Brexit with London because he was the only European Commissioner who knew the history of the EU and understood the logic of the British will.However  he alienated many senior European officials during the 2022 French presidential campaign. He denounced the management of immigration rules for decades by his colleagues at the Court of Justice of the EU  something he had never done before.On September 21  the Élysée announced the composition of the government of which he was Prime Minister. He took care to let people believe that he was the sole author and that President Macron had not influenced him.This is obviously false. For example  Marc Ferracci  Minister Delegate for Industry  a former classmate of Emmanuel Macron during their studies at SciencesPo  was his best man  while the president was the best man at his. His father  Pierre Ferracci  participated in the Attali Commission for the Liberation of French Growth (2007-2010)  for which Emmanuel Macron was special rapporteur. He runs a network for relocating senior civil servants who have been temporarily sidelined. The new minister’s wife  Sophie Ferracci  was Emmanuel Macron’s chief of staff at the Ministry of the Economy and his political party  En Marche. She was relocating to the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations and is now president of the SOS Group of Jean-Marc Borello  a long-time friend of Brigitte Macron.The Barnier government is placed under the auspices of the US Democrats and Israeli revisionist Zionists.His Minister of Foreign Affairs  Jean-Noël Barrot  is the heir to a long line of Christian Democrats. His grandfather  Noël Barrot  was a member of the Resistance and a member of parliament. His father  Jacques Barrot  created the Dialogue & Initiative club with Michel Barnier. He was a member of parliament  a minister  vice-president of the European Commission and even a member of the Constitutional Council. Jean-Noël’s sister  Hélène Barrot  is director of communications for Uber-Europe. A specialist in finance  he was an associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)  then a professor at HEC Paris. He was a laureate (2020 class) of the French-American Foundation’s ""Young Leaders"" program.The most surprising member of the Barnier government is his Minister Delegate for Europe  Benjamin Haddad. The press noted his role within the Atlantic Council  therefore in the service of Washington. He was also a senior official in the European External Action Service (EEAS) where he defended the positions of the United States and Israel.But the most important thing is elsewhere: he worked for a long time within the Tikvah Fund  which presents itself as an American Jewish education association. In reality  it is an association of ""revisionist Zionists""  that is to say  disciples of the fascist Vladimir Jabotinsky whose portrait adorns the walls of all its buildings and all its publications. The Tikvah Fund is not a pro-Israeli organization like the others  it promotes the ideology of Benjamin Netanyahu (whose father was Jabotinsky’s private secretary) [2]. Let us recall that the first Prime Minister of Israel  David Ben-Gurion  had forbidden Jabotinsky to be buried in Israel.According to Haaretz  the Tikvah Fund  chaired by the American criminal Elliott Abrams  financed the takeover of power in Israel by Benjamin Netanyahu and his allies Itamar Ben-Gvir and Bezalel Smotrich [3].What to remember:• The European Commission is the heir to the High Authority of the EEC  itself the heir to the AMGOT  that is to say to the Anglo-Saxon military occupation authority.• The European Commission is therefore not elected  but composed at the instigation of the Anglo-Saxons. Its sole function is to have NATO standards adopted by member states.• The Barnier government is an extension of the Commission. It thus includes both a minister approved by the US Democrats and another representing the revisionist Zionists of Benjamin Netanyahu.We need your financial support. Participate by– making a donation of 25 euros– making a donation of 50 euros– making a donation of 100 euros– making a donation of 500 euros– making a donation of 1000 eurosOr better: subscribe to our weekly confidential newsletter: 500 euros per year.It is thanks to your encouragement that we can keep going.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['United States', 'Thierry Meyssan', 'place', 'Israel', 'governments', 'EU', 'France', 'Former Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker', 'The van der Leyen Commission', 'former Dutch Foreign Minister', 'Führer Adolf Hitler', 'Christian Democrat Manfred Weber', 'Social Democrat Frans Timmermans', 'Admiral François Darlan', 'United States Armed Forces', 'Admiral William Leahy', 'last five years', 'General Henri Girault', 'Charles De Gaulle', 'Marshall Plan loans', 'ethnic regional structures', 'ten US universities', 'European Economic Community', 'The British MI6', 'The United States', 'Allied Military Government', 'German Walter Hallstein', 'The European Parliament', 'European Parliament election', 'New European Order', 'Second World War', 'former ambassador', 'The Court', 'United Kingdom', 'nation states', 'European Treaties', 'European League', 'European Cooperation', 'European Federalists', 'European Socialists', 'European Union', 'Occupied Territories', 'Normandy landings', 'common will', 'Atlantic Conference', 'supranational organisation', 'free movement', 'Anglo-Saxon strategy', 'free trade', 'American Committee', 'Nazi jurist', 'Neuordnung Europas', 'German-speaking populations', 'living space', 'indigenous populations', 'Slavic populations', 'regionalization policy', 'civilian interfaces', 'first officials', 'civil-military affairs', 'other goal', 'Anglo-Saxon imperialism', 'present period', 'behind networks', 'mRNA drugs', 'Member States', 'United Europe', 'European Commission', 'Union area', 'European People', 'High Authority', 'first president', 'chocolate bar', 'West Germany', 'Vichy laws', 'NATO standards', 'France', 'place', 'responsibility', 'question', 'changes', 'powers', 'origins', 'result', 'process', 'Anglo-Saxons', 'end', 'Chief', 'Staff', 'May', 'Algiers', 'AMGOT', 'London', 'Americans', 'Nazis', 'country', 'opposition', 'Austria', 'Japan', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'Denmark', 'view', 'failure', 'governance', 'Churchill', 'Italy', 'EEC', 'principle', 'services', 'capital', 'accordance', 'obligation', 'countries', 'UEF', 'ACUE', 'predecessor', 'Reich', 'part', 'issues', 'expansion', 'expulsion', 'extermination', 'precaution', 'functions', 'Council', 'history', 'administrations', 'rules', 'point', 'chamber', 'decisions', 'production', 'soldier', 'construction', 'roads', 'Alliance', 'tanks', 'presidency', 'head', 'time', 'EPP', 'PES', 'top', 'Gladio', 'Scientists', 'doses', 'vaccines', 'Justice', 'lack', 'transparen']",2024-10-06,2024-10-07,voltairenet.org
46051,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.socialeurope.eu/why-the-draghi-report-on-eu-markets-matters,Why the Draghi Report on EU markets matters,Can Europe overcome its capital market flaws and catch up to the US? The Draghi Report sounds a critical alarm for the EU’s future.,Can Europe overcome its capital market flaws and catch up to the US? The Draghi Report sounds a critical alarm for the EU’s future.Press Conference on the Report on the Future of EU Competitiveness in Brussels (photo: Alexandros Michailidis/shutterstock.com)Judging by its strong  dramatic language  Mario Draghi’s big report on European competitiveness was clearly intended to get EU decision-makers’ attention. Rather than trying to sugarcoat the pill  he warns that Europe is falling ever further behind the United States. Not only has it largely missed the digital revolution  but it is about to miss the AI revolution  too. Not one European technology firm can rival the likes of Apple or Microsoft.Moreover  Draghi notes that productivity growth across the continent is lagging that of the US  confronting the European Union with an “existential challenge.” If it does not “radically change” its ways  it “will have lost its reason for being.” Even as wake-up calls go  this was a loud one – the kind that some alarm clocks make if you ignore their first polite nudges.Draghi’s conclusions will be music to the ears of the dwindling band of Brexiteers in the United Kingdom  because they have always peddled European sclerosis. In making the case for “Leave ” they argued that the UK was bound to a dead donkey and needed to break free.We need your support.Keep independent publishing going and support progressive ideas. Become a Social Europe member for less than 5 Euro per month. Your help is essential—join us today and make a difference!Click here to become a memberBut Draghi is no Euroskeptic or enthusiast for subsidiarity  and most of his recommendations would require “more Europe” in the form of coordinated policies and a huge boost to publicly funded investment at the EU level. He argues that an additional €800 billion ($892 billion) of investment is urgently needed to address the productivity problem and turbocharge the transition to a green economy. Predictably  this proposal has met with enthusiasm in Rome  cautious acceptance in Paris  and howls of protest in Berlin.But in specific chapters that have attracted less attention  Draghi also addresses the EU’s financial and regulatory structure. He thinks Europe is too dependent on bank finance  and he is clearly right. New growth companies (of which there are far fewer than in the US) tend to be funded by US venture capitalists  and 30% of euro-unicorns (private start-ups valued at $1 billion or more) have moved their headquarters across the Atlantic as soon as the market has recognized their potential.The primary reason for this sad state of affairs is that European capital markets remain fragmented. The plan to fashion a capital-markets union has made little headway ever since its launch in 2015 (by Jonathan Hill  then the UK’s commissioner in Brussels). Part of the problem is political. EU politicians  especially left-leaning members of the European Parliament  remain suspicious of securitization (a key pillar of the plan)  because they continue to associate the concept with the US subprime mortgage crisis.In any case  Draghi gives the initiative another push  recognizing that it is the only way to address European companies’ excessive reliance on bank finance. But he also views the absence of a powerful securities regulator as another big part of the problem.It is not a new thought. Around 15 years ago  Jacques de Larosière  who formerly served as president of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development  recommended a European Securities and Exchange Commission in his post-2008 report on financial regulation. Instead  the EU created a halfway house in the form of the European Securities and Markets Authority.While ESMA does useful work and has established itself as a key part of the EU financial architecture  it falls well short of being a European counterpart to America’s SEC. For example  it directly oversees credit-ratings agencies and a few other pan-European entities  but not local stock exchanges. Thus  capital-raising methodologies vary from country to country  creating a serious handicap for aspiring entrepreneurs and most companies.Even if the campaign to create a more powerful agency is not new  it has been strengthening lately. European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde has made the same recommendation  and its inclusion in Draghi’s report puts it firmly on the agenda of the new Commission under Ursula von der Leyen.Yet even with such powerful backing  success is not assured. To create a plenipotentiary body with the full suite of powers that have been proposed would require a treaty change  and the European Council has avoided such moves ever since the Treaty of Lisbon in 2009. Many European leaders fear that revising the EU’s foundational treaties could open questions they would rather not address. Some countries inevitably object to granting new powers to a centralized authority  and some would have to conduct a referendum to ratify it  creating opportunities for subversive Brexit-like forces to emerge. Moreover  most referendums on European integration have failed the first time.Nonetheless  quite a lot could be achieved without a new or revised treaty. One of Draghi’s key recommendations is to make ESMA’s governance structure more like the ECB’s. Its council is dominated by representatives from member-state regulators  whereas the ECB’s directorate includes six people who are required to act in the European interest  not that of their home country.It is also possible to put European stock exchanges and clearing systems under ESMA’s purview. But this would not be a trivial move. Would the French government allow the Bourse de Paris to be overseen by a European regulator  even one headquartered in Paris? The German government is openly hostile to the idea of a cross-border merger of UniCredit and Commerzbank  even though the latter is in sore need of a new direction. Would it allow the Deutsche Börse to be regulated from Paris?If European Council members really want a capital-markets union  they will need to set national considerations aside and swallow their pride. The coming months will show us how committed they are to restoring European competitiveness in a world where they are falling further behind.Copyright Project Syndicate,neutral,0.01,0.77,0.22,mixed,0.07,0.19,0.74,True,English,"['Draghi Report', 'EU markets', 'European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde', 'Jacques de Larosière', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'US subprime mortgage crisis', 'one European technology firm', 'European companies’ excessive reliance', 'strong, dramatic language', 'first polite nudges', 'other pan-European entities', 'local stock exchanges', 'subversive Brexit-like forces', 'Many European leaders', 'European capital markets', 'capital market flaws', 'US venture capitalists', 'New growth companies', 'powerful securities regulator', 'EU decision-makers’ attention', 'EU financial architecture', 'Social Europe member', 'The Draghi Report', 'European Bank', 'European Securities', 'loud one', 'bank finance', 'most companies', 'European competitiveness', 'European Union', 'European sclerosis', 'European Parliament', 'European counterpart', 'European Council', 'productivity growth', 'Markets Authority', 'powerful agency', 'powerful backing', 'new thought', 'new Commission', 'critical alarm', 'Press Conference', 'Alexandros Michailidis', 'United States', 'digital revolution', 'AI revolution', 'existential challenge', 'wake-up calls', 'alarm clocks', 'dwindling band', 'United Kingdom', 'dead donkey', 'independent publishing', 'progressive ideas', 'coordinated policies', 'huge boost', 'green economy', 'cautious acceptance', 'specific chapters', 'less attention', 'regulatory structure', 'private start-ups', 'sad state', 'capital-markets union', 'little headway', 'Jonathan Hill', 'left-leaning members', 'key pillar', 'Exchange Commission', 'financial regulation', 'halfway house', 'useful work', 'credit-ratings agencies', 'capital-raising methodologies', 'serious handicap', 'aspiring entrepreneurs', 'same recommendation', 'plenipotentiary body', 'full suite', 'foundational treaties', 'centralized authority', 'big report', 'post-2008 report', 'EU Competitiveness', 'EU level', 'EU politicians', 'new powers', 'big part', 'key part', 'primary reason', 'treaty change', 'Mario Draghi', 'productivity problem', 'future', 'Brussels', 'photo', 'shutterstock', 'likes', 'Apple', 'Microsoft', 'continent', 'ways', 'kind', 'conclusions', 'music', 'ears', 'Brexiteers', 'case', 'UK', 'support', '5 Euro', 'month', 'help', 'difference', 'Euroskeptic', 'subsidiarity', 'recommendations', 'form', 'investment', 'transition', 'proposal', 'enthusiasm', 'Rome', 'Paris', 'howls', 'protest', 'Berlin', 'euro-unicorns', 'headquarters', 'Atlantic', 'potential', 'affairs', 'plan', 'launch', 'commissioner', 'securitization', 'concept', 'initiative', 'push', 'absence', 'Reconstruction', 'Development', 'ESMA', 'America', 'example', 'country', 'campaign', 'inclusion', 'agenda', 'success', 'moves', 'Lisbon', 'questions', 'countries', 'referendum', 'opportunities']",2024-10-07,2024-10-07,socialeurope.eu
46052,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/getlink-technical-interruption-to-eleclink-operations--update-following-investigations-93CH-3650202,Getlink: Technical Interruption to ElecLink Operations “ Update Following Investigations By Investing.com,Getlink: Technical Interruption to ElecLink Operations “ Update Following Investigations,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Getlink SE (Paris:GET):As indicated in our communication on 26 September  a fault was detected on the ElecLink electrical interconnector between the UK and France  leading to a suspension of activity.The investigations into the incident have enabled the identification of the fault  linked to the deterioration of the structure which supports the cable  outside the Tunnel in France. The detailed plan for necessary repair works is currently being developed.The current estimated duration of the works is 6 weeks  bringing the date for re-entry into service to 16 November. This date will be confirmed as soon as the repair plan has been finalised.The suspension of activity up to 16 November will have a commercial impact estimated at approximately €46 million euros1.About GetlinkGetlink SE (Euronext Paris: GET)  through its subsidiary Eurotunnel  is the concession holder until 2086 for the Channel Tunnel infrastructure and operates Truck Shuttles and Passenger Shuttles (cars and coaches) between Folkestone (UK) and Calais (France). Since 31 December 2020 Eurotunnel has been developing the smart border to ensure that the Tunnel remains the fastest  most reliable  easiest and most environmentally friendly way to cross the Channel. Since it opened in 1994  close to 500 million people and more than 102 million vehicles have travelled through the Channel Tunnel. This unique land link  which carries a quarter of trade between the Continent and the United Kingdom  has become a vital link  reinforced by the ElecLink electricity interconnector installed in the Tunnel  which helps to balance energy needs between France and the United Kingdom. Getlink completes its sustainable mobility services with its rail freight subsidiary Europorte. Committed to ""low-carbon"" services that control their impact on the environment (through its activities  the Group avoids the equivalent of 1.9 million tonnes of CO2 per year)  Getlink has made the place of people  nature and territories a central concern.https://www.getlinkgroup.com_ _ _ _ _ ___ 1 Estimated commercial impact  composed of the contracted revenues for the period going from 25 September to 15 November 2024  that will not be delivered representing 36 million euros  the short-term capacity auctions revenues that could have  based on current market spreads  generated 2 million euros and the costs and penalty risks (in particular related to capacity markets rules) related to the suspension of the activity for 8 million euros. These elements do not take into account the profit-sharing mechanism provision.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20241006104257/en/Press contacts :Anne-Sophie de Faucigny : +33 (0)6.46.01.52.86Laurence Bault : +33 (0)6.83.61.89.96Analyst and investor contact :Virginie Rousseau : +33 (0)6.77.41.03.39Source: GETLINK SE",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Technical Interruption', 'ElecLink Operations', 'Investing.com', 'Getlink', 'Investigations', 'short-term capacity auctions revenues', 'capacity markets rules', 'ElecLink electrical interconnector', 'current estimated duration', 'environmentally friendly way', 'ElecLink electricity interconnector', 'current market spreads', 'profit-sharing mechanism provision', 'Anne-Sophie de Faucigny', 'unique land link', 'sustainable mobility services', 'rail freight subsidiary', 'necessary repair works', 'Estimated commercial impact', 'Channel Tunnel infrastructure', 'repair plan', 'vital link', 'low-carbon"" services', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'detailed plan', 'subsidiary Eurotunnel', 'concession holder', 'Truck Shuttles', 'Passenger Shuttles', 'smart border', 'reliable, easiest', '102 million vehicles', 'United Kingdom', 'energy needs', '1.9 million tonnes', 'central concern', '36 million euros', '2 million euros', 'penalty risks', '8 million euros', 'Press contacts', 'Laurence Bault', 'investor contact', 'Virginie Rousseau', 'Getlink SE', '500 million people', 'source version', 'Euronext Paris', 'communication', '26 September', 'fault', 'UK', 'France', 'suspension', 'activity', 'investigations', 'incident', 'identification', 'deterioration', 'cable', '6 weeks', 'date', '16 November', 'cars', 'coaches', 'Folkestone', 'Calais', '31 December', 'quarter', 'trade', 'Continent', 'Europorte', 'activities', 'Group', 'equivalent', 'CO2', 'year', 'place', 'nature', 'territories', 'period', '25 September', '15 November', 'costs', 'elements', 'account', 'businesswire', 'Analyst']",2024-10-06,2024-10-07,investing.com
46053,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/10/05/waycross-investment-management-co-acquires-new-shares-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Waycross Investment Management Co Acquires New Shares in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Waycross Investment Management Co bought a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) in the third quarter  HoldingsChannel reports. The institutional investor bought 2 513 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximat…,Waycross Investment Management Co bought a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) in the third quarter  HoldingsChannel reports. The institutional investor bought 2 513 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $450 000.Other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. raised its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 855.5% during the second quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. now owns 20 539 639 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3 379 816 000 after purchasing an additional 18 390 083 shares during the last quarter. Strategic Financial Concepts LLC raised its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 11 793.3% during the 2nd quarter. Strategic Financial Concepts LLC now owns 6 406 233 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10 524 000 after buying an additional 6 352 369 shares during the last quarter. Balyasny Asset Management L.P. bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter valued at $671 392 000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 48.9% in the 1st quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7 094 524 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 201 600 000 after buying an additional 2 328 560 shares during the last quarter. Finally  US Bancorp DE grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 2 150.4% in the second quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 2 083 103 shares of the company’s stock worth $342 213 000 after acquiring an additional 1 990 537 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceInvesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock traded up $1.39 during mid-day trading on Friday  reaching $178.57. 5 401 269 shares of the stock traded hands  compared to its average volume of 6 232 511. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $133.34 and a 12-month high of $179.94. The business’s 50-day moving average is $172.93 and its 200-day moving average is $167.97. The stock has a market capitalization of $59.81 billion  a PE ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Waycross Investment Management Co', 'New Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Balyasny Asset Management L.P.', 'Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co.', 'Waycross Investment Management Co', 'Strategic Financial Concepts LLC', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Other hedge funds', 'US Bancorp DE', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', '50-day moving average', '200-day moving average', 'latest 13F filings', 'daily performance', 'financial companies', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'average volume', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'new position', 'third quarter', 'institutional investor', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', 'JPMorgan Chase', '1st quarter', 'mid-day trading', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'Recommended Stories', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 18,390,083 shares', 'additional 6,352,369 shares', 'additional 2,328,560 shares', 'additional 1,990,537 shares', '2,513 shares', '20,539,639 shares', '6,406,233 shares', '7,094,524 shares', '2,083,103 shares', '5,401,269 shares', 'HoldingsChannel', 'company', 'stake', 'period', 'Friday', 'hands', 'business', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-10-05,2024-10-07,etfdailynews.com
46054,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/10/05/waypoint-wealth-counsel-increases-holdings-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,waypoint wealth counsel Increases Holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),waypoint wealth counsel raised its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 4.1% during the 3rd quarter  HoldingsChannel reports. The firm owned 3 073 shares of the company’s stock after acquiring an additional 121 shares duri…,waypoint wealth counsel raised its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 4.1% during the 3rd quarter  HoldingsChannel reports. The firm owned 3 073 shares of the company’s stock after acquiring an additional 121 shares during the quarter. waypoint wealth counsel’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $550 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Everett Harris & Co. CA boosted its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.4% during the 1st quarter. Everett Harris & Co. CA now owns 4 696 shares of the company’s stock worth $795 000 after acquiring an additional 65 shares during the period. Delta Investment Management LLC grew its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.4% in the 2nd quarter. Delta Investment Management LLC now owns 15 845 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2 603 000 after buying an additional 65 shares in the last quarter. America First Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 2.6% during the 2nd quarter. America First Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2 607 shares of the company’s stock valued at $428 000 after buying an additional 66 shares during the period. Opal Wealth Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.6% during the 2nd quarter. Opal Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 4 353 shares of the company’s stock worth $715 000 after buying an additional 67 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Founders Financial Alliance LLC lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 2.4% in the 2nd quarter. Founders Financial Alliance LLC now owns 2 852 shares of the company’s stock worth $469 000 after acquiring an additional 67 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceShares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock traded up $1.39 on Friday  hitting $178.57. The company had a trading volume of 5 401 269 shares  compared to its average volume of 6 232 511. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52 week low of $133.34 and a 52 week high of $179.94. The company has a market cap of $59.81 billion  a PE ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. The business has a 50-day simple moving average of $172.93 and a 200-day simple moving average of $167.97.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'wealth counsel', 'waypoint', 'Holdings', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance Shares', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'America First Investment Advisors LLC', 'Delta Investment Management LLC', 'Opal Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Founders Financial Alliance LLC', '50-day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'waypoint wealth counsel', 'recent SEC filing', 'Other hedge funds', 'other institutional investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'daily performance', 'latest 13F filings', 'average volume', 'financial companies', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Everett Harris', 'trading volume', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', '3rd quarter', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'last quarter', 'additional 121 shares', 'additional 65 shares', 'additional 66 shares', 'additional 67 shares', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '52 week low', ""analysts' ratings"", 'Co. CA', '3,073 shares', '4,696 shares', '15,845 shares', '2,607 shares', '4,353 shares', '2,852 shares', '5,401,269 shares', 'stake', 'HoldingsChannel', 'firm', 'position', 'period', 'Friday', 'beta', 'business', 'transportation']",2024-10-05,2024-10-07,etfdailynews.com
46055,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/10/05/harbor-investment-advisory-llc-acquires-4756-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Harbor Investment Advisory LLC Acquires 4 756 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Harbor Investment Advisory LLC boosted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 10.0% during the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The …,Harbor Investment Advisory LLC boosted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 10.0% during the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 52 419 shares of the company’s stock after acquiring an additional 4 756 shares during the quarter. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF accounts for about 0.9% of Harbor Investment Advisory LLC’s investment portfolio  making the stock its 18th biggest position. Harbor Investment Advisory LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $9 391 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. VitalStone Financial LLC acquired a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 4th quarter worth approximately $303 000. Optimum Investment Advisors increased its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 95.5% in the first quarter. Optimum Investment Advisors now owns 2 170 shares of the company’s stock valued at $368 000 after buying an additional 1 060 shares in the last quarter. Tran Capital Management L.P. acquired a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the first quarter valued at $434 000. Regal Wealth Group Inc. lifted its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 653.6% during the 4th quarter. Regal Wealth Group Inc. now owns 19 540 shares of the company’s stock worth $3 034 000 after buying an additional 16 947 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Destination Wealth Management grew its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 5.1% during the 2nd quarter. Destination Wealth Management now owns 1 996 shares of the company’s stock worth $328 000 after acquiring an additional 96 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceShares of NYSEARCA RSP traded up $1.39 during trading on Friday  reaching $178.57. The company had a trading volume of 5 401 269 shares  compared to its average volume of 6 232 511. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52 week low of $133.34 and a 52 week high of $179.94. The business’s 50 day moving average price is $172.93 and its 200-day moving average price is $167.95. The stock has a market cap of $59.81 billion  a PE ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Harbor Investment Advisory LLC', '4,756 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Tran Capital Management L.P.', 'Regal Wealth Group Inc.', '50 day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'Harbor Investment Advisory LLC', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Destination Wealth Management', 'recent SEC filing', 'Optimum Investment Advisors', 'VitalStone Financial LLC', 'Other hedge funds', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'latest 13F filings', 'concise daily summary', 'daily performance', 'investment portfolio', 'average volume', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'financial companies', 'Exchange Commission', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'third quarter', '4th quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', '2nd quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'NYSEARCA RSP', 'new stake', 'trading volume', '52 week low', ""analysts' ratings"", 'new position', 'additional 4,756 shares', 'additional 1,060 shares', 'additional 16,947 shares', 'additional 96 shares', '52,419 shares', '2,170 shares', '19,540 shares', '1,996 shares', '5,401,269 shares', 'holdings', 'company', 'Securities', 'firm', '18th', 'stakes', 'Friday', 'business', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-10-05,2024-10-07,etfdailynews.com
46056,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/10/05/cetera-investment-advisers-has-12-83-million-stock-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Cetera Investment Advisers Has $12.83 Million Stock Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Cetera Investment Advisers reduced its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 22.6% during the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 44 602 shares of the real …,Cetera Investment Advisers reduced its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 22.6% during the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 44 602 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 12 996 shares during the quarter. Cetera Investment Advisers’ holdings in Public Storage were worth $12 830 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in Public Storage during the fourth quarter worth about $30 000. OFI Invest Asset Management acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 2nd quarter worth approximately $32 000. Opal Wealth Advisors LLC bought a new position in Public Storage in the second quarter valued at approximately $36 000. Riverview Trust Co acquired a new position in Public Storage during the first quarter valued at approximately $37 000. Finally  Crewe Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Public Storage during the first quarter worth $39 000. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Wall Street Analysts Forecast GrowthA number of equities research analysts have weighed in on PSA shares. Jefferies Financial Group raised their target price on Public Storage from $360.00 to $422.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday  September 18th. Bank of America cut Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $318.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday  August 5th. Scotiabank increased their target price on shares of Public Storage from $308.00 to $339.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a report on Thursday  August 22nd. Evercore ISI lifted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $334.00 to $343.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a report on Monday  September 16th. Finally  Royal Bank of Canada initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  September 10th. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $358.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  seven have given a hold rating  six have given a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $337.36.Public Storage Trading Down 2.2 %PSA opened at $345.30 on Friday. The company has a fifty day moving average price of $338.05 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $300.69. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $369.99. The company has a market cap of $60.68 billion  a P/E ratio of 31.36  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 5.02 and a beta of 0.68. The company has a current ratio of 0.93  a quick ratio of 0.93 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.72.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.66 earnings per share for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.20 by ($1.54). Public Storage had a return on equity of 36.55% and a net margin of 44.88%. The firm had revenue of $921.70 million for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.16 billion. During the same period last year  the company posted $4.28 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.75 EPS for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Monday  September 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday  September 13th were issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date was Friday  September 13th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.48%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is 108.99%.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Cetera Investment Advisers', '$12.83 Million Stock Holdings', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'fifty day moving average price', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'OFI Invest Asset Management', 'seven Western European nations', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'Opal Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Wall Street Analysts Forecast', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newslett', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'Crewe Advisors LLC', 'Riverview Trust Co', 'Cetera Investment Advisers', 'concise daily summary', 'recent 13F filing', 'Other hedge funds', 'Jefferies Financial Group', 'current fiscal year', 'latest 13F filings', 'sector perform” rating', 'consensus price target', 'recent SEC filing', '35% common equity interest', 'equities research analysts', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Trading', 'Public Storage Announces', 'strong buy rating', 'Get Free Report', 'quarterly earnings results', 'net margin', 'consensus rating', 'target price', 'analyst estimates', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', '$358.00 price objective', 'current ratio', 'buy” rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'neutral” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'research report', 'institutional investor', 'new position', 'Evercore ISI', 'One analyst', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'same period', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'quarterly revenue', 'quarterly dividend', 'new stake', '2nd quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'same quarter', 'Royal Bank', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'United States', 'NYSE:PSA', 'MarketBeat.com', 'PSA shares', '$4.28 earnings', '40 states', '44,602 shares', '12,996 shares', 'company', 'stock', 'holdings', 'number', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'America', 'Monday', 'August', 'Scotiabank', 'Thursday', 'line', 'Canada', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'data', 'Friday', 'beta', 'debt', 'return', 'firm', '16.75 EPS', 'Shareholders', 'record', '13th', 'yield', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', 'Ratings', '44.']",2024-10-05,2024-10-07,etfdailynews.com
46057,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/10/05/public-storage-nysepsa-stock-position-trimmed-by-biltmore-wealth-management-llc/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Stock Position Trimmed by Biltmore Wealth Management LLC,Biltmore Wealth Management LLC decreased its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 6.5% in the 3rd quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1 726 shares of the rea…,Biltmore Wealth Management LLC decreased its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 6.5% in the 3rd quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1 726 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 120 shares during the period. Biltmore Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $628 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Global Assets Advisory LLC bought a new position in Public Storage in the 1st quarter worth approximately $7 319 000. Centersquare Investment Management LLC lifted its holdings in Public Storage by 17.2% in the first quarter. Centersquare Investment Management LLC now owns 1 184 490 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $343 573 000 after purchasing an additional 173 975 shares during the period. Scarborough Advisors LLC bought a new position in Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at about $4 701 000. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the 2nd quarter worth approximately $14 301 000. Finally  PGGM Investments boosted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 8.0% in the second quarter. PGGM Investments now owns 167 431 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $48 162 000 after acquiring an additional 12 396 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Ratings ChangesA number of equities analysts have issued reports on the company. Wolfe Research raised Public Storage to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday  September 4th. Royal Bank of Canada started coverage on Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  September 10th. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $358.00 target price on the stock. Morgan Stanley boosted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $293.00 to $315.00 and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Citigroup raised their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $303.00 to $378.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday  August 30th. Finally  Jefferies Financial Group increased their target price on shares of Public Storage from $360.00 to $422.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday  September 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  seven have assigned a hold rating  six have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the stock presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $337.36.Public Storage Stock Down 2.2 %Public Storage stock traded down $7.60 during trading hours on Friday  hitting $345.40. The company had a trading volume of 823 083 shares  compared to its average volume of 718 850. Public Storage has a fifty-two week low of $233.18 and a fifty-two week high of $369.99. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.72  a current ratio of 0.93 and a quick ratio of 0.93. The firm has a market capitalization of $60.70 billion  a P/E ratio of 31.36  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 5.02 and a beta of 0.68. The firm’s fifty day moving average is $338.05 and its 200-day moving average is $300.69.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.20 by ($1.54). Public Storage had a net margin of 44.88% and a return on equity of 36.55%. The firm had revenue of $921.70 million for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.16 billion. During the same period in the previous year  the business posted $4.28 EPS. Public Storage’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average  research analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.75 earnings per share for the current year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Monday  September 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday  September 13th were given a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.47%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday  September 13th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is 108.99%.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Biltmore Wealth Management LLC', 'PSA) Stock Position', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'Biltmore Wealth Management LLC', 'Centersquare Investment Management LLC', 'Several other large investors', 'Global Assets Advisory LLC', 'fifty day moving average', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'One equities research analyst', 'Scarborough Advisors LLC', 'Napier Advisors LLC', '200-day moving average', 'Jefferies Financial Group', 'sector perform” rating', 'equal weight” rating', 'recent SEC filing', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', '35% common equity interest', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'Get Free Report', 'average target price', 'dividend payout ratio', 'quarterly earnings data', 'Public Storage Stock', 'net margin', 'analyst estimates', 'equities analysts', 'average rating', 'recent filing', 'Institutional investors', 'FT Global 500', 'average volume', 'research analysts', 'buy” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Wolfe Research', 'research note', 'research report', '$358.00 target price', 'price target', 'Moderate Buy', 'quarterly dividend', 'equity ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'Exchange Commission', 'new stake', 'PGGM Investments', 'hedge funds', 'Royal Bank', 'Morgan Stanley', 'price objective', 'MarketBeat.com', 'trading hours', 'trading volume', 'fifty-two week', 'market capitalization', 'ex-dividend date', 'S&P 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'previous year', 'year basis', 'current year', '3rd quarter', '1st quarter', 'first quarter', '4th quarter', '2nd quarter', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', 'new position', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'United States', 'same period', 'additional 173,975 shares', 'additional 12,396 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '16.75 earnings', '$3.00 dividend', '40 states', '1,726 shares', '120 shares', '1,184,490 shares', '167,431 shares', '823,083 shares', 'company', 'Securities', 'holdings', 'positions', 'Manning', 'number', 'reports', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'Canada', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'Citigroup', 'Friday', 'August', 'debt', 'firm', 'beta', 'EPS', 'missing', 'return', 'revenue', 'business', 'Monday', 'Shareholders', 'record', '13th', 'yield', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', '44.', '36.']",2024-10-05,2024-10-07,etfdailynews.com
46058,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/10/05/lwmg-llc-invests-268000-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Lwmg LLC Invests $268 000 in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Lwmg LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the third quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The fund acquired 736 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $268 000. Several other institut…,Lwmg LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the third quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The fund acquired 736 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $268 000.Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in PSA. Signet Financial Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Public Storage by 2.1% in the 1st quarter. Signet Financial Management LLC now owns 1 913 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $555 000 after purchasing an additional 39 shares during the last quarter. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 0.9% in the second quarter. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. now owns 4 174 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 201 000 after acquiring an additional 39 shares during the last quarter. Brookstone Capital Management grew its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 3.4% during the 1st quarter. Brookstone Capital Management now owns 1 222 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $354 000 after purchasing an additional 40 shares during the last quarter. Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC increased its position in Public Storage by 3.5% during the 1st quarter. Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC now owns 1 232 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $357 000 after purchasing an additional 42 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Bangor Savings Bank boosted its position in Public Storage by 0.8% in the first quarter. Bangor Savings Bank now owns 5 359 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 554 000 after buying an additional 43 shares in the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesA number of brokerages have recently commented on PSA. Royal Bank of Canada assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  September 10th. They issued a “sector perform” rating and a $358.00 price target for the company. Morgan Stanley lifted their price target on Public Storage from $293.00 to $315.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Bank of America downgraded Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $318.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday  August 5th. Scotiabank upped their price target on shares of Public Storage from $308.00 to $339.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Thursday  August 22nd. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company boosted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $310.00 to $320.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday  July 26th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  seven have issued a hold rating  six have given a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $337.36.Public Storage Trading Down 2.2 %Shares of NYSE:PSA traded down $7.60 during mid-day trading on Friday  hitting $345.40. The company had a trading volume of 823 083 shares  compared to its average volume of 718 850. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.72  a current ratio of 0.93 and a quick ratio of 0.93. Public Storage has a one year low of $233.18 and a one year high of $369.99. The firm has a fifty day moving average price of $338.05 and a 200 day moving average price of $300.69. The company has a market capitalization of $60.70 billion  a PE ratio of 31.36  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 5.02 and a beta of 0.68.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.66 earnings per share for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.20 by ($1.54). The company had revenue of $921.70 million for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.16 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 44.88% and a return on equity of 36.55%. Public Storage’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year  the company posted $4.28 EPS. As a group  research analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.75 EPS for the current year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe company also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Monday  September 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday  September 13th were issued a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Friday  September 13th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.47%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is currently 108.99%.Public Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Lwmg LLC', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Assenagon Asset Management S.A.', 'Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC', 'fifty day moving average price', 'Signet Financial Management LLC', 'real estate investment trust', '200 day moving average price', 'Several other institutional investors', 'One equities research analyst', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Brookstone Capital Management', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'average target price', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'sector perform” rating', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage alerts', 'strong buy rating', 'Holdings Channel.com', 'Public Storage Trading', 'quarterly earnings data', 'Lwmg LLC', 'S&P 500', 'average volume', '$358.00 price target', '$318.00 price objective', 'quarterly dividend', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'analyst estimates', 'research report', 'MarketBeat.com', 'one year', 'buy” rating', 'mid-day trading', 'trading volume', 'research note', 'research analysts', 'Royal Bank', 'Moderate Buy', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'neutral” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'hedge funds', 'Morgan Stanley', 'equal weight', 'Wells Fargo', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'net margin', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'year basis', 'prior year', 'current year', 'third quarter', '1st quarter', 'last quarter', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'same quarter', 'new stake', 'equity ratio', 'additional 39 shares', 'additional 40 shares', 'additional 42 shares', 'additional 43 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '$3.00 dividend', '736 shares', '1,913 shares', '4,174 shares', '1,222 shares', '1,232 shares', '5,359 shares', '823,083 shares', 'PSA.', 'stock', 'stakes', 'position', 'Downgrades', 'number', 'brokerages', 'Canada', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'September', 'Wednesday', 'America', 'Monday', 'August', 'Scotiabank', 'Thursday', 'overweight', 'Friday', 'July', 'debt', 'firm', 'beta', 'revenue', 'return', 'group', '16.75 EPS', 'Shareholders', 'record', '13th', 'yield', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', '0.', '44.']",2024-10-05,2024-10-07,etfdailynews.com
46059,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1108754249/Vantiva-And-Harmonic-Partner-To-Offer-Service-Providers-Easy-Transition-From-DOCSIS-To-Fiber-Based-PON-Technologies,Vantiva And Harmonic Partner To Offer Service Providers Easy Transition From DOCSIS To Fiber-Based PON Technologies,Seamless interoperability between Vantiva's market-leading PON CPE and Harmonic's award-winning OLT <a target=_blank href=,"(MENAFN- PR Newswire) Seamless interoperability between Vantiva's market-leading PON CPE and Harmonic's award-winning OLT delivers service providers more options to deploy greenfield fiber networks or upgrade existing technologiesPARIS  Oct. 7  2024 /PRNewswire/ --Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)   a global leader enabling Network Service Providers (NSPs) to connect consumers worldwide  today announced that it has expanded its strategic relationship with Harmonic to include interoperability of Vantiva's Passive Optical Networking (PON) Consumer Premises Equipment (CPE) and Harmonic's comprehensive cOS portfolio of Optical Line Terminal (OLT) network edge devices. The combined offering delivers NSPs an easy path to transition from DOCSIS-based technologies to multi-gigabit fiber speeds as well as additional options for enhancing existing fiber services. By leveraging Vantiva's proven PON CPE and Harmonic's innovative cOS OLT platform  the partnership will provide subscribers with best-in-class  in-home communications experiences and high-speed connectivity.Vantiva and Harmonic PartnershipContinue ReadingView PDF""With Harmonic's innovative cOS platform  we are strategically expanding our traditional joint DOCSIS support into the rapidly growing PON fiber market "" said Leopold Diouf  Senior Vice President of the Product Unit at Vantiva. ""With the new interoperability capabilities between Vantiva's PON CPE and Harmonic's extensive line of cOS OLTs  we are providing our NSP customers with more options to upgrade their networks by capitalizing on the numerous benefits of fiber  including high-speed connectivity  unparalleled in-home communications experiences and superior service reliability.""Vantiva's market-leading CPE  which consists of Optical Networking Units (ONUs) and integrated Gateways  have been deployed by many of the world's largest NSPs offering them the ability to deliver an unparalleled broadband experience – lightning-fast speeds  seamless connections and whole-home wireless coverage.""Combining Vantiva's PON CPE solutions with Harmonic's cOS OLT platform provides a comprehensive  powerful offering to support any access technology deployment or DOCSIS network fiber expansion scenario "" said Jeffrey Glahn  SVP of Global Sales Broadband at Harmonic. ""We will provide our shared customer base with the ability to easily transition to PON from two trusted technology vendors  which we believe is a major step forward in our relationship and for the industry.""Harmonic's cOS platform is ideal for operators who are either looking to upgrade their existing DOCSIS network to 10 gigabit fiber technologies  or for those with existing fiber networks that want to add new capabilities  extend service reach and enhance subscriber quality of experience. The cOS platform powers broadband services to over 30 million homes served by more than 100 leading operators and enables the latest in both DOCSIS & FTTH PON technologies with a unified platform.PDF -Logo -Contacts:Vantiva Press Relations: [email protected]Thatcher+Co. for Vantiva: [email protected]SOURCE VantivaWANT YOUR COMPANY'S NEWS FEATURED ON PRNEWSWIRE? 440k+Newsrooms &Influencers 9k+Digital MediaOutlets 270k+JournalistsOpted In GET STARTED",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.39,0.0,True,English,"['Fiber-Based PON Technologies', 'Harmonic Partner', 'Service Providers', 'Easy Transition', 'Vantiva', 'DOCSIS', 'DOCSIS network fiber expansion scenario', 'two trusted technology vendors', 'traditional joint DOCSIS support', 'OLT) network edge devices', 'PON) Consumer Premises Equipment', 'innovative cOS OLT platform', 'existing DOCSIS network', 'access technology deployment', 'MENAFN- PR Newswire', 'Passive Optical Networking', 'home communications experiences', 'Senior Vice President', 'Optical Networking Units', 'home wireless coverage', 'innovative cOS platform', 'Network Service Providers', 'comprehensive cOS portfolio', 'PON fiber market', 'Optical Line Terminal', 'multi-gigabit fiber speeds', 'superior service reliability', 'comprehensive, powerful offering', '10 gigabit fiber technologies', 'greenfield fiber networks', 'existing fiber services', 'Global Sales Broadband', 'FTTH PON technologies', 'existing fiber networks', 'market-leading PON CPE', 'PON CPE solutions', 'Vantiva Press Relations', 'new interoperability capabilities', 'unparalleled broadband experience', 'award-winning OLT', 'existing technologies', 'broadband services', 'new capabilities', 'cOS OLTs', 'unified platform', 'global leader', 'combined offering', 'DOCSIS-based technologies', 'extensive line', 'lightning-fast speeds', 'service reach', 'leading CPE', 'Seamless interoperability', 'easy path', 'high-speed connectivity', 'Leopold Diouf', 'Product Unit', 'NSP customers', 'numerous benefits', 'integrated Gateways', 'seamless connections', 'Jeffrey Glahn', 'customer base', 'major step', 'subscriber quality', '30 million homes', 'NEWS FEATURED', 'Digital MediaOutlets', 'GET STARTED', 'Euronext Paris', 'strategic relationship', 'ReadingView PDF', '100 leading operators', 'additional options', 'largest NSPs', 'SOURCE Vantiva', 'Harmonic Partnership', 'Oct.', 'PRNewswire', 'consumers', 'proven', 'subscribers', 'class', 'rapidly', 'growing', 'ONUs', 'world', 'SVP', 'industry', 'Logo', 'Contacts', 'Thatcher+Co.', 'COMPANY', 'Newsrooms', 'Influencers', 'JournalistsOpted']",2024-10-07,2024-10-07,menafn.com
46060,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2024/10/07/global-markets-little-changed-as-investors-fear-rate-cuts-may-have-to-wait/,Global markets little changed as investors fear rate cuts may have to wait,Banks recover some ground in Dublin following weakness last week with AIB and Bank of Ireland up 3% and 1% respectively,Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.Global stocks were little changed on Monday as investors reassessed the path of interest rates after Friday’s stronger-than-expected US payrolls report fuelled expectations the Federal Reserve will dial back its aggressiveness in cutting interest rates.DublinEuronext Dublin finished up 0.25 per cent on what was a relatively muted day for the market with light trading volumes and news-flow.A number of the financial names recovered some ground following some weakness towards the end of last week with AIB and Bank of Ireland up 3 per cent and 1 per cent respectively at close of business.Elsewhere  budget airline Ryanair was down 1.5 per cent as it gave back some ground following a fairly strong performance last week.READ MOREAmong some of the biggest names of the index  food giant Kerry Group finished the day flat  while insulation specialist Kingspan climbed 0.4 per cent. Finally  agricultural group Origin Enterprises finished the day up 3.5 per cent.LondonBritain’s benchmark FTSE 100 index rose 0.3 per cent  boosted by gains in energy shares and a softer labour market report  though losses in precious metal miners kept gains in check. The mid-cap FTSE 250 edged 0.2 per cent lower.Oil and gas shares led sectoral gains  with a 2 per cent advance as oil prices extended a rally driven by fears of a wider Middle East conflict and potential disruption to exports from the big oil-producing region.Shell was up 2.3 per cent despite reporting a nearly 30 per cent drop in its refining profit margins in the third quarter as global demand sagged  while oil product trading earnings also weakened.BP abandoned a target to cut oil and gas output by 2030 as chief executive Murray Auchincloss scales back the firm’s energy transition strategy to regain investor confidence. The index heavyweight closed the session with a 1.3 per cent rise.Endeavour Mining was the top loser on FTSE 100  falling 5.6 per cent  on fears that West African country Burkina Faso may withdraw its mining permit.EuropeIt was a mixed session for European stock markets  with Germany’s Dax down 0.09 per cent  and France’s Cac 40 closing 0.46 per cent higher.MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe flat  while the Stoxx 600 index rose 0.14 per cent  erasing earlier declines.Euro zone government bond yields rose  adding to a sharp jump at the end of last week.The European Central Bank is widely expected to lower interest rates when it meets next week  with markets fully pricing in a 25 basis point move.New YorkUS stock indexes fell  pressured by rising Treasury yields as markets recalibrated expectations for the Federal Reserve rate cuts.The S&P 500 was down 0.35 per cent and Dow Jones 0.5 per cent lower by the time European markets closed.The yield spike cast a shadow over rate-sensitive megacap growth stocks  dragging down Tesla 2.3 per cent and Google-parent Alphabet 0.7 per cent. Amazon fell nearly 2.5 per cent after a Wells Fargo downgrade.Shares of Pfizer rose 3.1 per cent after a report that activist investor Starboard Value has taken a roughly $1 billion stake in the drug giant.Meanwhile  Air Products and Chemicals was one of the top S&P 500 gainers  up 7.8 per cent on a report that activist hedge fund Mantle Ridge has built a position in the company.US property and casualty insurance stocks tanked after Hurricane Milton on its path toward Florida’s western coast  marking yet another costly disaster for the industry to cover this year.Heritage Insurance  which has a big footprint in the state  was down 27 per cent. Universal Insurance  and HCI Group  fell 14 per cent and 16 per cent  respectively.Sector bellwether Travelers Companies was down 3 per cent  while Allstate and Assurant declined 3.3 per cent and 4 per cent respectively. – Additional reporting: Agencies,negative,0.01,0.37,0.63,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Global markets', 'rate cuts', 'investors', 'Euro zone government bond yields', 'activist hedge fund Mantle Ridge', 'wider Middle East conflict', 'chief executive Murray Auchincloss', 'Sector bellwether Travelers Companies', 'agricultural group Origin Enterprises', 'rate-sensitive megacap growth stocks', 'Federal Reserve rate cuts', 'top S&P 500 gainers', 'food giant Kerry Group', 'oil product trading earnings', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'The European Central Bank', 'softer labour market report', 'The S&P 500', 'rising Treasury yields', 'light trading volumes', 'budget airline Ryanair', 'precious metal miners', 'refining profit margins', 'West African country', '25 basis point move', 'US stock indexes', 'Wells Fargo downgrade', 'big oil-producing region', 'energy transition strategy', 'European stock markets', 'US payrolls report', '2 per cent advance', '30 per cent drop', '1.3 per cent rise', 'casualty insurance stocks', 'benchmark FTSE 100 index', 'activist investor', 'HCI Group', 'top loser', 'European markets', 'US property', 'Global stocks', 'big footprint', 'Heritage Insurance', 'Universal Insurance', 'energy shares', 'interest rates', 'financial names', 'last week', 'strong performance', 'READ MORE', 'biggest names', 'insulation specialist', 'mid-cap FTSE 250', 'oil prices', 'potential disruption', 'third quarter', 'global demand', 'gas output', 'investor confidence', 'index heavyweight', 'Endeavour Mining', 'Burkina Faso', 'mining permit', 'Stoxx 600 index', 'earlier declines', 'sharp jump', 'Dow Jones', 'yield spike', 'Google-parent Alphabet', 'Starboard Value', '$1 billion stake', 'Air Products', 'Hurricane Milton', 'western coast', 'costly disaster', 'Additional reporting', 'gas shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'mixed session', 'muted day', 'sectoral gains', '1 per', '16 per', 'Traders', 'floor', 'Monday', 'investors', 'path', 'Friday', 'expectations', 'aggressiveness', 'news-flow', 'number', 'ground', 'weakness', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'close', 'business', 'Kingspan', 'London', 'Britain', 'losses', 'check', 'rally', 'fears', 'exports', 'Shell', 'BP', 'target', 'firm', 'Germany', 'Dax', 'France', 'Cac', 'MSCI', 'gauge', 'globe', 'time', 'shadow', 'Tesla', 'Amazon', 'Pfizer', 'drug', 'Chemicals', 'position', 'company', 'Florida', 'industry', 'state', 'Assurant', 'Agencies', '4']",2024-10-07,2024-10-07,irishtimes.com
46061,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2024/10/08/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/euronext-announces-volumes-for-september-2024/1980462,Euronext announces volumes for September 2024,Euronext announces volumes for September 2024,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 91 777 68 97 Milan +39 02 72 42 67 56 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris - 7 October 2024 - Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for September 2024.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTSGet the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of September 2024  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe's leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided ""as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext's subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.Advertisement© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  ""GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at [email protected].AttachmentAdvertisement",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.47,0.27,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'September', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'data subject request form', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'press release service', 'trading volumes', 'The Group', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'latest news', 'Privacy Policy', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,900 listed issuers', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'email address', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '7 October', 'September', 'Monthly', 'investor-relations', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'end', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'Advertisement', 'order', 'regard', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'www', 'request_information', 'data-subjects', 'rights-request', 'Attachment', '02']",2024-10-08,2024-10-07,manilatimes.net
46062,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/october-2024s-high-insider-ownership-133336535.html,October 2024's High Insider Ownership Growth Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam,As geopolitical tensions in the Middle East escalate  European markets  including those in the Netherlands  have experienced increased caution among investors. Despite these challenges  growth companies with high insider ownership on Euronext Amsterdam continue to attract attention due to their potential for resilience and alignment of interests between management and shareholders.,As geopolitical tensions in the Middle East escalate  European markets  including those in the Netherlands  have experienced increased caution among investors. Despite these challenges  growth companies with high insider ownership on Euronext Amsterdam continue to attract attention due to their potential for resilience and alignment of interests between management and shareholders. In such uncertain times  stocks that demonstrate strong insider ownership can be appealing as they often indicate confidence from those with intimate knowledge of the company's prospects.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 36.7% 82.7% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31% 107.8% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.7% 108.4% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 77.7% CVC Capital Partners (ENXTAM:CVC) 20.2% 31% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 35.6% 36.4%Click here to see the full list of 6 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Below we spotlight a couple of our favorites from our exclusive screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Basic-Fit N.V.  along with its subsidiaries  operates fitness clubs and has a market capitalization of approximately €1.63 billion.Operations: The company's revenue segments include €505.17 million from the Benelux region and €626.41 million from France  Spain  and Germany.Insider Ownership: 12%Earnings Growth Forecast: 77.7% p.a.Basic-Fit  a growth-oriented company in the Netherlands  is forecasted to achieve significant annual earnings growth of 77.7%  outpacing the Dutch market's average. However  its revenue growth at 14.8% annually lags behind this pace and profit margins have decreased to 0.7%. Despite activist investor Buckley Capital Management urging management to explore a sale for value maximization  Basic-Fit reported improved financials with H1 2024 net income of €4.18 million from a prior loss.ENXTAM:BFIT Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Oct 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Envipco Holding N.V. specializes in the design  development  manufacturing  assembly  marketing  sales  leasing  and servicing of reverse vending machines for collecting and processing used beverage containers across the Netherlands  North America  and Europe with a market cap of €297.11 million.Operations: Envipco generates revenue through the design  development  and support of reverse vending machines that are used for collecting and processing beverage containers in regions including the Netherlands  North America  and Europe.Story continuesInsider Ownership: 36.7%Earnings Growth Forecast: 82.7% p.a.Envipco Holding  with substantial insider ownership  is positioned for significant growth in the Netherlands. Its earnings are forecasted to grow at 82.7% annually  surpassing the Dutch market average. Despite past shareholder dilution and high share price volatility  recent financials show improved performance with reduced net losses and increased sales to €54.01 million in H1 2024. The company secured a follow-on order in Romania for over 140 Optima RVMs  indicating strong demand momentum.ENXTAM:ENVI Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Oct 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MotorK plc offers software-as-a-service solutions for the automotive retail industry across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market cap of €263.80 million.Operations: The company's revenue primarily comes from its Software & Programming segment  which generated €42.50 million.Insider Ownership: 35.7%Earnings Growth Forecast: 108.4% p.a.MotorK  with significant insider ownership  is set for rapid growth in the Netherlands. Its revenue is forecast to grow at 22.1% annually  outpacing the Dutch market. Despite recent shareholder dilution and a net loss of €6.48 million in H1 2024  losses have decreased compared to last year. The company anticipates profitability within three years  aided by strategic leadership changes including a new CFO from Sportradar joining soon.ENXTAM:MTRK Ownership Breakdown as at Oct 2024Where To Now?Delve into our full catalog of 6 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership here.Invested in any of these stocks? Simplify your portfolio management with Simply Wall St and stay ahead with our alerts for any critical updates on your stocks.Simply Wall St is a revolutionary app designed for long-term stock investors  it's free and covers every market in the world.Interested In Other Possibilities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:BFIT ENXTAM:ENVI and ENXTAM:MTRK.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.35,0.48,True,English,"['High Insider Ownership Growth Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'October', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth', 'high share price volatility', 'significant annual earnings growth', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'Middle East escalate', 'strong insider ownership', 'reverse vending machines', 'substantial insider ownership', 'past shareholder dilution', 'strong demand momentum', 'automotive retail industry', 'significant insider ownership', 'strategic leadership changes', 'Basic-Fit N.V.', 'recent shareholder dilution', 'CVC Capital Partners', 'MTRK Ownership Breakdown', 'long-term focused analysis', 'Buckley Capital Management', 'H1 2024 net income', 'long-term stock investors', 'Dutch market average', 'significant growth', 'rapid growth', 'exclusive screener', 'revenue growth', 'Ebusco Holding', 'BFIT Earnings', 'ENVI Earnings', 'net loss', 'geopolitical tensions', 'European markets', 'uncertain times', 'intimate knowledge', 'full list', 'fitness clubs', 'market capitalization', 'Benelux region', 'profit margins', 'activist investor', 'value maximization', 'prior loss', 'beverage containers', 'North America', 'recent financials', '140 Optima RVMs', 'service solutions', 'Benelux Union', 'Programming segment', 'last year', 'three years', 'new CFO', 'full catalog', 'critical updates', 'revolutionary app', 'Other Possibilities', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'latest pri', 'portfolio management', 'revenue segments', 'MotorK plc', 'growth-oriented company', 'The Netherlands', 'losses', 'caution', 'challenges', 'attention', 'potential', 'resilience', 'alignment', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'stocks', 'confidence', 'prospects', 'ENXTAM', 'PostNL', 'PNL', 'couple', 'favorites', 'Overview', 'subsidiaries', 'Operations', 'France', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'pace', 'sale', 'Oct', 'design', 'development', 'manufacturing', 'assembly', 'marketing', 'leasing', 'servicing', 'collecting', 'processing', 'support', 'regions', 'Story', 'performance', 'reduced', 'order', 'Romania', 'software', 'Italy', 'profitability', 'Sportradar', 'alerts', 'world', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives']",2024-10-07,2024-10-07,finance.yahoo.com
46063,EuroNext,Bing API,https://businessmondays.co.uk/foresight-makes-successful-exit-from-industry-leading-research-and-market-data-benchmarking-fintech-substantive-research/,Foresight makes successful exit from industry-leading research and market data benchmarking FinTech Substantive Research,Maiden exit from Foresight Scottish Growth Fund achieving 2.4x return after strong growth Innovative business opened technology hub in Edinburgh and launched market data benchmarking product as it scaled rapidly following investment in 2020 Foresight Group (“Foresight”) ,Maiden exit from Foresight Scottish Growth Fund achieving 2.4x return after strong growthInnovative business opened technology hub in Edinburgh and launched market data benchmarking product as it scaled rapidly following investment in 2020Foresight Group (“Foresight”)  a leading regional private equity and infrastructure investment manager  has successfully exited Substantive Research (‘Substantive” or “the Company”)  an industry-leading FinTech providing in-depth product and pricing comparison for investment research spend  market data and investment research content.Substantive  with bases in London and Edinburgh  provides research and market data benchmarking to a growing base of over 100 global clients  across Europe and North America  including asset managers  hedge funds  wealth managers  sell-side institutions and private markets.AdvertisementThis exit has enabled Substantive to join Netherlands-headquartered Euronext  the pan-European stock exchange and market infrastructure provider. Foresight has achieved a 2.4x return on its original investment and marks the first exit from the Foresight Scottish Growth Fund  which is backed by the Scottish Government.Substantive was founded in 2015 by Chief Executive Mike Carrodus who partnered with Foresight in 2020  a move which enabled significant growth  including the launch of a technology hub in Edinburgh alongside significant investment in new products including market data and ESG research benchmarking products.Foresight also introduced Graham Paterson  an experienced private equity and FinTech founder  as Chair  to support Mike as the Company scaled at pace. A new Chief Technology Officer was appointed to oversee the launch of a Technology Hub in Edinburgh  with the tech team driving the automation of Substantive products which facilitated its rapid growth.Foresight invests in regional growth and buyout deals to support founders  entrepreneurs and management teams to achieve their growth ambitions or release equity from their company. In addition  it invests venture capital funding into innovative  fast-growing companies in the enterprise software  advanced engineering and deep-tech sectors that are looking to scale responsibly at pace.Mike Carrodus  CEO of Substantive Research said: “Foresight have been an excellent partner for us as we have grown rapidly  bringing a flexible approach  great industry knowledge and connections as well as funding.“Euronext’s acquisition of Substantive Research underlines our team’s hard work in creating a unique price benchmarking database in investment research and market data. With the research market poised for yet more regulatory-driven changes  plus market data consumers grappling with increasing costs and pricing opacity  we are excited to be able to accelerate our coverage and data depth. We can accelerate development into areas where we know our clients need greater market transparency.”Nick Mettyear  Investment Director at Foresight Group  said: ” Substantive Research is a strong entrepreneurial success story and it’s been a pleasure working with Mike and the team to build a tech-enhanced business to benchmark price and supply in the investment research and data markets. Substantive is now very well-placed to continue its progress as part of the Euronext group and we wish the team well for the future.“We invest in growing companies across all sectors and transaction types  including management buyouts  management buy-ins  equity release and growth capital. In this case  we are delighted to have helped Substantive Research establish its technology hub in Edinburgh  bringing investment and skilled job opportunities to the Scottish economy.“We have significant funding available to invest in growing businesses across the UK and Ireland and our teams are keen to meet entrepreneurs  management teams and their advisers to discuss how we can support their growth strategies and realise their ambitions.”,neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['FinTech Substantive Research', 'industry-leading research', 'successful exit', 'market data', 'Foresight', 'strong entrepreneurial success story', 'unique price benchmarking database', 'new Chief Technology Officer', 'Chief Executive Mike Carrodus', 'leading regional private equity', 'ESG research benchmarking products', 'Foresight Scottish Growth Fund', 'market data benchmarking product', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'great industry knowledge', 'skilled job opportunities', 'experienced private equity', 'greater market transparency', 'innovative, fast-growing companies', 'infrastructure investment manager', 'venture capital funding', 'market data consumers', 'investment research spend', 'investment research content', 'new products', 'strong growth', 'regional growth', 'depth product', 'private markets', 'Scottish Government', 'Scottish economy', 'growth capital', 'Innovative business', 'infrastructure provider', 'equity release', 'significant growth', 'rapid growth', 'growth strategies', 'technology hub', 'research market', 'Substantive products', 'data depth', 'data markets', 'original investment', 'significant investment', 'Investment Director', '2.4x return', 'industry-leading FinTech', 'pricing comparison', 'growing base', 'North America', 'asset managers', 'hedge funds', 'wealth managers', 'side institutions', 'Graham Paterson', 'FinTech founder', 'buyout deals', 'enterprise software', 'advanced engineering', 'excellent partner', 'flexible approach', 'hard work', 'regulatory-driven changes', 'increasing costs', 'pricing opacity', 'Nick Mettyear', 'tech-enhanced business', 'transaction types', 'management buyouts', 'management buy-ins', 'significant funding', 'growing businesses', 'growth ambitions', 'Substantive Research', 'Foresight Group', 'Maiden exit', 'Netherlands-headquartered Euronext', 'first exit', 'management teams', 'Euronext group', '100 global clients', 'deep-tech sectors', 'tech team', 'Edinburgh', 'Company', 'bases', 'London', 'Advertisement', 'move', 'launch', 'Chair', 'pace', 'automation', 'founders', 'entrepreneurs', 'addition', 'CEO', 'connections', 'acquisition', 'coverage', 'development', 'areas', 'pleasure', 'supply', 'progress', 'future', 'case', 'UK', 'Ireland', 'advisers']",2024-10-07,2024-10-07,businessmondays.co.uk
46064,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2024-10-07/galapagos-welcomes-oleg-nodelman-to-its-board-of-directors-to-support-strategic-growth,Galapagos welcomes Oleg Nodelman to its Board of Directors to support strategic growth,Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG)  today announced the appointment by way of co-optation of Oleg Nodelman as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director to its Board of Directors  effective October 7 ,Mechelen  Belgium; October 7  2024  07:00 CET — Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG)  today announced the appointment by way of co-optation of Oleg Nodelman as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director to its Board of Directors  effective October 7  2024.Mr. Nodelman replaces Mr. Dan G. Baker who stepped down on October 6  2024. The addition of Mr. Nodelman marks an important step in Galapagos’ ongoing efforts to engage with shareholders and continue to execute on our Forward  Faster strategy to accelerate innovation and create near-and long-term value.“We are pleased to welcome Oleg Nodelman to the Galapagos Board ” said Dr. Paul Stoffels  Galapagos’ CEO and Chair of the Board of Directors1. “His deep expertise in biotech and shared goals of unlocking further value for Galapagos will be instrumental in helping us execute our near- and long-term strategy and deliver superior results for patients  shareholders  employees  and customers.”Mr. Nodelman is the Founder and Portfolio Manager of EcoR1 Capital LLC  a biotech-focused investment advisory firm which invests in companies at all stages of research and development. Mr. Nodelman brings a wealth of experience in driving shareholder value  strategic transformations  and long-term growth initiatives. With a proven record in investment management – including business development and capital deployment – and his deep roots in the biotech and scientific communities  Mr. Nodelman’s appointment signals Galapagos’ commitment to accelerating value for all shareholders.“I am excited to join the Galapagos Board and work with the management team to realize the Company’s full value potential ” said Mr. Nodelman. “As one of Galapagos’ largest shareholders  EcoR1 is committed to the Company’s future success.”Mr. Nodelman holds a Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service with a concentration in Science and Technology from Georgetown University.We want to thank Dan for his invaluable contributions in helping to reset the R&D strategy at Galapagos and the Board is grateful to him for his leadership as Chair of the Science and Development Committee of the Company. During his time at Galapagos  Dan shared his extensive clinical expertise as a rheumatologist as well as his deep insights in drug development from his experience at Johnson & Johnson  where he helped develop REMICADE®  SIMPONI®  and STELARA®. We wish Dan all the best as he leaves Galapagos to pursue other ventures. Dan will continue to serve the Company as a scientific advisor.About GalapagosWe are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the U.S. dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class small molecules and cell therapies in oncology and immunology. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  and the financial strength to invest strategically for the long-term  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees  and shareholders. Our goal is not just to meet current medical needs but to anticipate and shape the future of healthcare  ensuring that our innovations reach those who need them most. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X.,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Oleg Nodelman', 'strategic growth', 'Galapagos', 'Board', 'Directors', 'decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform', 'biotech-focused investment advisory firm', 'high unmet medical needs', 'Mr. Dan G. Baker', 'current medical needs', 'Non-Executive Non-Independent Director', 'Dr. Paul Stoffels', 'Forward, Faster strategy', 'R&D strategy', 'extensive clinical expertise', 'long-term growth initiatives', 'full value potential', 'EcoR1 Capital LLC', 'compelling science, technology', 'Galapagos’ largest shareholders', 'cell therapies', 'investment management', 'long-term strategy', 'deep expertise', 'capital deployment', 'Mr. Nodelman', 'Oleg Nodelman', 'important step', 'ongoing efforts', 'Portfolio Manager', 'strategic transformations', 'proven record', 'deep roots', 'scientific communities', 'management team', 'Foreign Service', 'Georgetown University', 'invaluable contributions', 'deep insights', 'other ventures', 'scientific advisor', 'U.S.', 'collaborative approaches', 'deep pipeline', 'small molecules', 'financial strength', 'status quo', 'additional information', 'long-term value', 'shareholder value', 'business development', 'Development Committee', 'drug development', 'Galapagos NV', 'Galapagos’ CEO', 'Galapagos’ commitment', 'life-changing science', 'superior results', 'future success', 'patient outcomes', 'biotechnology company', 'Galapagos Board', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'October', '07:00 CET', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'appointment', 'way', 'optation', 'Directors', 'innovation', 'near', 'Chair', 'goals', 'patients', 'employees', 'customers', 'Founder', 'companies', 'stages', 'research', 'wealth', 'experience', 'Bachelor', 'concentration', 'leadership', 'time', 'rheumatologist', 'Johnson', 'REMICADE®', 'SIMPONI', 'STELARA', 'operations', 'Europe', 'years', 'quality', 'class', 'oncology', 'immunology', 'capabilities', 'healthcare', 'LinkedIn']",2024-10-07,2024-10-07,pharmiweb.com
