UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
24861,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NUCANA-PLC-37892976/news/NuCana-NOTICE-OF-2023-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-Form-6-K-43858057/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,NuCana : NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)     NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING         NuCana plc   77-78 Cannon Street  London  England  EC4N 6AF   Company number: 03308778   NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quot…,"Days : Hours : Minutes : Seconds NuCana : NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING - Form 6-K 05/15/2023 | 04:27pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NuCana plc 77-78 Cannon Street  London  England  EC4N 6AF Company number: 03308778 NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTICE is hereby given that the 2023 annual general meeting of NuCana plc (the ""Company"") will be held on 15 June 2023 at 11.00am at Lochside House  3 Lochside Way  Edinburgh EH12 9DT  U.K. for transaction of the following business: Ordinary Resolutions To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions (1 to 10 inclusive)  which will be proposed as ordinary resolutions: 1. To re-elect (as a Class I director) Hugh Stephen Griffith  who is retiring by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company  as a director of the Company. 2. To re-elect (as a Class I director)  Andrew Martin Kay  who is retiring by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company  as a director of the Company. 3. To re-elect (as a Class I director) Bali Muralidhar  who is retiring by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company  as a director of the Company. 4. To re-appoint Ernst & Young LLP as auditors of the Company to hold office from the conclusion of this meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company. 5. To authorise the directors to determine the remuneration of the auditors of the Company. 6. To receive the Company's audited accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2022  together with the Strategic Report  Directors' Report and Auditor's Report on those accounts. 7. To receive and approve the Directors' Remuneration Report (other than the part containing the Directors' Remuneration Policy) for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. 8. To receive and approve the Directors' Remuneration Policy set out on pages 25 to 30 of the Directors' Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022  such remuneration policy to take effect from the date on which this resolution is passed. 9. That the directors be generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to Section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"") to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company or grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of £4 000 000. This authority shall  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting  expire on the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2024  save that the Company may  at any time before such expiry  make any offer or agreement which would or might require rights to subscribe for or to convert securities into shares to be granted or equity securities to be allotted after the authority expires  and the directors may allot shares or grant such rights in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired. 10. That the directors be generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to Section 551 of the Act to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company or grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of £200 000 under or in connection with any existing  amended or new share option schemes  incentive plans or joint share ownership plans (whether tax-advantaged or otherwise) as the directors may  from time to time  approve  where such schemes or plans include as eligible participants the directors  officers or employees of the Company or any subsidiary undertaking of the Company (as defined in section 1162 of the Act)  from time to time  and/or any consultants engaged by the Company or any such subsidiary undertaking. This authority shall  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting  expire on the fifth anniversary of the date of the passing of this resolution save that the Company may  at any time before such expiry  make any offer or agreement which would or might require rights to subscribe for or to convert securities into shares to be granted or equity securities to be allotted after the authority expires  and the directors may allot shares or grant such rights in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired. This authority is in addition to the authority set out in resolution 9 above and in addition  and without prejudice  to the authority given of up to an aggregate nominal amount of £200 000 by resolution 8 passed at the 2022 annual general meeting of the Company. Special Resolutions To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions 11 and 12  which will be proposed as special resolutions: 11. That  subject to the passing of resolution 9  the directors be empowered pursuant to Section 570 of the Act to allot equity securities (as defined in Section 560 (1) of the Act) for cash under the authority given by that resolution as if Section 561(1) of the Act did not apply to any such allotment  provided that such authority shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities up to a nominal amount of £4 000 000  such authority to expire on the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2024  but prior to its expiry the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted after the authority expires and the Board may allot equity securities under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired. 12. That  subject to the passing of resolution 10  the directors be empowered pursuant to Section 570 of the Act to allot equity securities (as defined in Section 560 (1) of the Act) for cash under the authority given by that resolution as if Section 561(1) of the Act did not apply to any such allotment  provided that such authority shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities up to a nominal amount of £200 000  such authority to expire on the fifth anniversary of the date of the passing of this resolution  but prior to its expiry the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted after the authority expires and the Board may allot equity securities under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired. 3 NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Recommendation The directors of the Company consider that all the proposals to be considered at the AGM are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and are most likely to promote the success of the Company. The directors unanimously recommend that you vote in favour of all the proposed resolutions as they intend to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD Registered office 77-78 Cannon Street London England EC4N 6AF Martin Quinn Company Secretary 4 May 2023 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. Members will be able to attend the AGM in person however you are strongly encouraged to vote on all resolutions in advance of the AGM by appointing the Chair of the meeting as your proxy. Further details on how shareholders can appoint the Chair of the meeting as their proxy are set out in this document. 4 NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTES The following notes explain your general rights as a member and your right to attend and vote at the annual general meeting or to appoint someone else to vote on your behalf. 1. Any member entitled to attend  speak and vote at the annual general meeting may appoint one or more proxies to attend  speak and vote on his/her behalf. A proxy need not be a member of the Company but must attend the meeting. A member may appoint more than one proxy in relation to the annual general meeting provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by that member. To appoint more than one proxy you should contact the Company's registrar  Computershare Investor Services PLC (""Computershare"")  at the address below. 2. Only those members registered in the register of members of the Company as at close of business on 13 June 2023 or  in the event that the meeting is adjourned  in such register not later than 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to attend  or vote (whether in person or by proxy) at the meeting in respect of the number of shares registered in their names at the relevant time. 3. A form of proxy has been provided for use by members. To be valid it should be completed  signed and delivered (together with the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed  or a notarially certified copy of such power or authority) to the Company's registrar  Computershare  at Computershare Investor Services PLC  The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol BS99 6ZY  not later than 48 hours (not including non-business days) before the time appointed for holding the annual general meeting or any adjourned meeting or  in the case of a poll taken more than 48 hours after it is demanded  not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll. 4. In the case of a corporation  the form of proxy must be executed under its common seal (or such form of execution as has the same effect) or signed on its behalf by an attorney or a duly authorised officer of the corporation. A corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all its powers as a member provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares. 5. In the case of joint holders  the vote of the senior who tenders a vote whether in person or by proxy will be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of any other joint holders. For these purposes  seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Company's relevant register of members for the certificated or uncertificated shares of the Company (as the case may be) in respect of the joint holding. 6. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by using the CREST electronic appointment service may do so for the meeting and any adjournments of it by utilising the procedures described in the CREST Manual. The message  (a CREST proxy instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with the specifications of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (""EUI"") and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it relates to the appointment of a proxy or to an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's registrar  Computershare not later than the time stated in Note (3) above. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the Company's registrar is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by EUI. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST proxy instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider takes) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by any particular time. Reference should be made to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST proxy instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. 7. Proxymity Voting. If you are an institutional investor you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by 11.00am BST on 13th June 2023 in order to be considered valid. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. 8. The completion and return of a form of proxy will not preclude a member from attending in person at the meeting and voting should he/she wish to do so  but if a member appoints a proxy and attends the meeting in person  the proxy appointment will automatically be terminated. Further  the appointment under the form of proxy may be terminated by the member prior to the commencement of the meeting (or any adjournment of the meeting). To be valid  the notice of termination of the authority of the person appointed to act as proxy must be deposited at the offices of the Company's registrar  Computershare  not less than 48 hours (not including non-business days) before the time fixed for the holding of the annual general meeting or any adjournment thereof (as the case may be). 9. Under Section 527 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  members meeting the threshold requirement set out in that section have the right to require the Company to publish on a website a statement setting out any matter relating to: (a) the audit of the Company's accounts (including the auditor's report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the annual general meeting; or (b) any circumstance connected with an auditor of the Company ceasing to hold office since the previous meeting at which annual accounts and reports were laid in accordance with Section 437 of the Act. The Company may not require the members requesting any such website publication to pay its expenses in complying with Sections 527 or 528 of the Act. Where the Company is required to place a statement on a website under Section 527 of the Act  it must forward the statement to the Company's auditors not later than the time when it makes the statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the annual general meeting includes any statement that the Company has been required  under Section 527 of the Act  to publish on a website. 5 NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 10. Copies of the directors' service contracts and letters of appointment for non-executive directors will be available for inspection at the Global Headquarters of the Company at 3 Lochside Way  Edinburgh EH12 9DT during normal business hours on any week day (public holidays excepted) from the date of this Notice of annual general meeting until the date of the annual general meeting  and at the place of the annual general meeting for one hour before the meeting and at the meeting itself. 11. Except as set out in the notes to this Notice  any communication with the Company in relation to the annual general meeting  including in relation to proxies  should be sent to the Company's registrar  Computershare at Computershare Investor Services PLC  The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol BS99 6ZY. No other means of communication will be accepted. In particular  you may not use any electronic address provided either in this Notice or in any related documents to communication with the Company for any purpose other than those expressly stated. 6 NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING EXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The resolutions to be proposed at the AGM of the Company to be held on 15 June 2023 at 11.00am are set out in this Notice of AGM. The following notes provide an explanation to the resolutions being put to shareholders. Ordinary Resolutions Resolutions 1 to 10 are proposed as ordinary resolutions. Assuming that a quorum is present  an ordinary resolution is passed on a show of hands if it is approved by a simple majority (more than 50%) of the votes cast by shareholders present (in person or by proxy) at the meeting and entitled to vote. On a poll  an ordinary resolution is passed if it is approved by holders representing a simple majority of the total voting rights of shareholders present (in person or by proxy) who (being entitled to vote) vote on the resolution. Resolutions 1-3 Re-election of directors Under the Company's Articles of Association there are three classes of board members (Class I  Class II and Class III) with each class having a specified term of office. The Company's Articles of Association require the Class I directors to retire from office this year. Hugh Stephen Griffith currently serves as a Class I director. Hugh Stephen Griffith is retiring and (being eligible) is standing for re-election as a Class I director at the AGM. Andrew Martin Kay currently serves as a Class I director. Andrew Martin Kay is retiring and (being eligible) is standing for re-election as a Class I director at the AGM. Bali Muralidhar currently serves as a Class I director. Bali Muralidhar is retiring and (being eligible) is standing for re-election as a Class I director at the AGM. Biographical information for each director standing for re-election is included on page 10 of this Notice. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RE-ELECTION OF EACH OF HUGH STEPHEN GRIFFITH  ANDREW MARTIN KAY AND BALI MURALIDHAR TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Resolution 4 - Re-appointment of auditors The Act requires that auditors be appointed at each general meeting  at which accounts are laid  to hold office until the next AGM. The appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as auditors of the Company terminates at the conclusion of the AGM. They have indicated their willingness to stand for re-appointment as auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the AGM in 2024. The Audit Committee has assessed the effectiveness  independence and objectivity of the auditors  Ernst & Young LLP  and concluded that the auditors were in all respects effective. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RE-APPOINTMENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS AUDITORS. Resolution 5 - Authorising and fixing the remuneration of the auditors This resolution gives authority to the directors to determine the auditors' remuneration. It is normal practice for shareholders to resolve at the AGM that the directors shall decide on the level of remuneration of the auditors for the audit work to be carried out by them in the next financial year. The amount of the remuneration paid to the auditors for the next financial year will be disclosed in the next audited accounts of the Company. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE AUTHORISATION OF THE DIRECTORS TO DETERMINE THE AUDITORS' REMUNERATION. Resolution 6 - Laying of accounts The directors are required to present to shareholders at the AGM  the annual accounts of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022  the Strategic Report  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report on the accounts. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION TO RECEIVE THE ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF THE COMPANY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022  THE STRATEGIC REPORT  THE DIRECTORS' REPORT AND THE AUDITOR'S REPORT ON THE ACCOUNTS. Resolution 7 - Directors' Remuneration Report Shareholders are invited to cast their vote on the Directors' Remuneration Report  in accordance with Section 439 of the Act. The Directors' Remuneration Report is set out on pages 17 to 24 of the Company's annual accounts and reports for the year ended 31 December 2022. The vote is advisory in nature and therefore no entitlement to remuneration is conditional on the passing of this resolution. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION TO RECEIVE AND APPROVE THE DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022. Resolution 8 - Directors' Remuneration Policy In accordance with the requirements of the Act  as a company registered in England and Wales and listed on Nasdaq  the Company is required to establish a Directors' Remuneration Policy containing a framework of limits within which the remuneration committee are authorised by shareholders to operate. This Remuneration Policy has to be annually disclosed within the Remuneration Report contained within the Company's annual report  and this policy is required to be approved by shareholders at least every three years  by the passing of an ordinary resolution at the AGM. Shareholders are asked to approve the Directors' Remuneration Policy which is set out in full on pages 25 to 30 of the Directors' Remuneration Report. The vote on the Directors' Remuneration Policy is binding in that  once the policy is approved  the Company will not be able to make a remuneration payment to a current or prospective director or a payment for loss of office to a current or past director  unless that payment is consistent with the policy or has been specifically approved by a resolution of the Company's shareholders. If resolution 8 is passed  the Directors' Remuneration Policy will take effect immediately. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION TO RECEIVE AND APPROVE THE DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION POLICY. 7 NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Background to Resolution 9 and Special Resolution 11 As a matter of U.K. company law  directors of a company incorporated in England must have authority from shareholders to allot or grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  the company's shares. In addition  when an allotment of shares is for cash  the company must first offer those shares on the same terms to existing shareholders of the company on a pro-rata basis (commonly referred to as statutory pre-emption rights) unless these statutory pre-emption rights are dis-applied  by approval of the shareholders. Resolutions 9 and 11  which we refer to as our ""Share Issuance Proposals "" ask our shareholders for authority for the directors to allot shares or grant rights over shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £4 000 000 and the power for the directors to allot shares or grant rights over shares for cash up to an aggregate nominal amount of £4 000 000 on a non-preemptive basis. This authority and power would expire at the conclusion of our 2024 AGM. Many of our peer companies are listed and incorporated in the United States  and are thus not subject to similar share issuance restrictions. We are asking you to approve our Share Issuance Proposals to allow us to continue to execute on our business and growth strategy in a timely and competitive manner. Should our shareholders not approve resolutions 9 and 11  whilst we appreciate that we would still have the ability to seek shareholder approval in connection with a specific issuance of shares on a case-by-case basis by convening general meetings from time to time  we do not believe that such an approach is a workable alternative to obtaining approval of resolutions 9 and 11 at the AGM as we propose. The uncertainty as to whether we could obtain shareholder approval for a specific issuance  as well as the delays we would experience in seeking and obtaining such approval  could be harmful to the terms of such a share issuance. In addition  the case-by-case approval approach ignores market windows and other deal timing and competitive realities. Specifically  the requirement to first offer shares that we propose to issue for cash to all of our existing shareholders in time-consuming pro-rata rights offerings would considerably reduce the speed at which we could complete capital-raising activities undertaken in furtherance of our growth strategy  would increase our costs  might otherwise make it difficult or impossible for us to complete such transactions  and could put us at a distinct competitive disadvantage relative to our peer companies. Access to capital and the ability to raise equity capital at short notice have been important factors that have contributed to our ability to execute our long-term growth strategy. In practice  offering shares to existing shareholders in accordance with U.K. statutory pre-emption rights can be time-consuming  so U.K. market practice for listed companies is to annually seek a shareholder resolution waiving or dis-applyingpre-emption rights over new share issuances for cash  up to an agreed limit. We fully appreciate that our proposals are in excess of the investment advisory guidance in this regard and for this reason  our proposals may attract a negative voting recommendation from certain proxy advisory firms. However  we have an established track record since our IPO in October 2017 of securing annual shareholder support for a resolution dis-applyingpre-emption rights over amounts of share capital in excess of the investment advisory guidance. Using these authorities  we have responsibly raised capital in order to execute our business plan. We believe the request for authorisation and disapplication of pre-emption rights sought will provide us with the continued flexibility to raise equity capital that we believe we may require at this stage of development of the Company. This recognises the fact that as a development-stage business  we have needed access to equity capital to ensure that we can maintain the business appropriately capitalised to expedite our development programs. We have publicly stated that we believe our existing cash resources will be sufficient to fund the Company into 2025. We believe it is in the interests of all shareholders to ensure that we retain the ability to raise equity capital on reasonably short notice if advisable. We propose to seek an authority (to expire at the 2024 AGM) to allot shares or grant rights over shares and under this authority to seek the power to allot shares or grant rights over shares for cash on a non-preemptive basis over a maximum of 100 million ordinary shares. The Share Issuance Proposals are consistent with U.S. capital markets practice and U.S. governance standards  and  if approved  will keep us on an equal footing with our peer companies who are incorporated and listed in the United States. We believe that the Share Issuance Proposals are appropriate to the needs of the Company and in the best interests of shareholders. We are therefore asking you to approve the Share Issuance Proposals to allow us to continue to execute our business and growth strategy in a timely and competitive manner. Summary The Share Issuance Proposals  if approved  will allow our Board of Directors continued flexibility to issue shares subject to other requirements of Nasdaq Stock Market and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Share Issuance Proposals  as proposed: • will not exempt us from any Nasdaq corporate governance or other requirements  including those limiting the issuance of shares; • will keep us on an equal footing with our peer companies who are incorporated and listed in the United States; and • is fully consistent with U.S. capital markets practice and governance standards. Resolution 9 - Authority to allot sharess The directors may only allot shares or grant rights over shares if authorised to do so by shareholders. Under this resolution the Board is seeking the authority to allot shares in the Company or grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of £4 000 000  such authority  unless previously revoked or varied by the Company  to expire at the conclusion of the AGM of the Company to be held in 2024. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION SO AUTHORISING THE DIRECTORS. Background to Resolution 10 and Special Resolution 12 Similar to Resolutions 9 and 11  as a company incorporated in England  directors must have authority from shareholders to allot or grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  the company's shares. Resolutions 10 and 12 ask our shareholders for authority for the directors to allot shares or grant rights over shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £200 000 and the power for the directors to 8 NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING allot shares or grant rights over shares for cash up to an aggregate nominal amount of £200 000 on a non pre-emptive basis all in connection with the Company's share option schemes. This authority and power would expire on the fifth anniversary of the date of the passing of this resolution. The purpose of this Resolution 10 (together with Resolution 12 - Disapplication of pre-emption rights) is to maintain share option schemes with sufficient share reserves to appropriately compensate  motivate and retain our employees  directors and consultants  thereby aligning their interests with those of our shareholders. Many of the companies with which we compete for talent are listed and incorporated in the United States and are not subject to similar restrictions on the authorisation of shares and disapplication of pre-emption rights related to shares underlying long-term incentive plans. We believe the approval of Resolutions 10 and 12 is critical to enable us to continue to execute on our business strategy by attracting and retaining qualified employees  directors and consultants in a highly competitive market for talent. Resolution 10 The directors may only allot shares or grant rights over shares if authorised to do so by shareholders. This resolution  if passed  will give the Directors' authority to allot shares or rights to subscribe for shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £200 000 under or in connection with any existing  amended or new share option schemes  incentive plans or joint share ownership plans (whether tax-advantaged or otherwise) as the directors may  from time to time  approve. This authority is in addition to the authority set out in resolution 9 above and in addition  and without prejudice  to the authority given by resolution 8 passed at the 2022 annual general meeting of the Company. This authority will expire on the fifth anniversary of the date on which this resolution is passed. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION SO AUTHORISING THE DIRECTORS. Special Resolutions Resolutions 11 and 12 are proposed as special resolutions. Special resolutions require the affirmative vote of not less than 75% of the votes cast by shareholders present (in person or by proxy) at the meeting and entitled to vote. On a poll  a special resolution is passed if it is approved by holders representing at least 75% of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the meeting who (being entitled to vote) vote on the resolution. Resolution 11 - Disapplication of pre-emption rights Please consider our section above entitled Background to Resolution 9 and Special Resolution 11. As a U.K. company  the Company's shareholders are entitled  under Section 561 of the Act to pre-emption rights  whereby  in the event that the Company wishes to allot new equity securities for cash  those securities must first be offered to existing shareholders in proportion to the number of ordinary shares they each hold before they can be offered to new shareholders. As set out above  in certain circumstances  it may be in the best interests of the Company to allot shares (or to grant rights over shares) for cash without first offering them proportionately to existing shareholders. This cannot be done under the Act unless the shareholders have first waived their pre-emption rights. Therefore this resolution  which will be proposed as a special resolution subject to the passing of resolution 9  seeks the empowerment of the directors to allot  or grant rights over  equity securities under the authority given to them by resolution 9 above without offering them first to existing shareholders in proportion to their current holdings up to an aggregate nominal amount of £4 000 000. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION SO EMPOWERING THE DIRECTORS. Resolution 12 - Disapplication of pre-emption rights Please consider our section above entitled Background to Resolution 10 and Special Resolution 12. As stated above  the Act requires that if the Company issues new shares or grants rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares for cash  or sells any treasury shares  it must first offer them to existing shareholders in proportion to their current holdings. In certain circumstances  it may be in the best interests of the Company to allot shares (or to grant rights over shares) for cash without first offering them proportionately to existing shareholders. This cannot be done under the Act unless the shareholders have first waived their pre-emption rights. Therefore this resolution  which will be proposed as a special resolution subject to the passing of resolution 10  seeks the empowerment of the directors to allot  or grant rights over  equity securities under the authority given to them by resolution 10 above under or in connection any existing  amended or new share option schemes  incentive plans or joint share ownership plans as the Directors may approve without offering them first to existing shareholders in proportion to their current holdings up to an aggregate nominal amount of £200 000. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION SO EMPOWERING THE DIRECTORS. 9 NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Appendix A: Director's Biography Hugh Stephen Griffith (Director  appointed 2008) Hugh Griffith is our founder and has served as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our board of directors since our operations began in March 2008. In addition  he currently serves as a non-executive director of Thirty Holdings Limited  30 Technology Limited  Edixomed Limited  Starlight Science Limited and MedAnnex Limited. Prior to founding NuCana  Mr Griffith was Chief Operating Officer of Bioenvision  Inc  a biopharmaceutical company  from July 2004 until December 2007  when it was acquired by Genzyme Corporation (now Sanofi). He previously served as Commercial Director of Bioenvision  Inc. from September 2002 to June 2004. Before that  Mr. Griffith held several senior commercial positions at Quantanova Limited  a biopharmaceutical company  from January 2002 to July 2002  Abbot Laboratories (now AbbVie  Inc.) from October 1995 to December 2001 and Warner- Lambert Company (now Pfizer  Inc.) from April 1992 to October 1995. Mr Griffith was co-founder  former chairman and non-executive director of Edixomed Limited  part of Thirty Holdings Limited  who in April 2023 sold the wound care division to Convatec Group. He currently serves on the advisory board of the Scottish Lifesciences Association. In 2018  Mr. Griffith received a lifetime achievement award for 'Outstanding Contribution to Life Sciences' by the Scottish Government. Mr. Griffith is a named inventor on over 450 patents and 240 pending patent applications. He received an M.B.A. from Cardiff Business School and a B.Sc. Honours in Biology from the University of Stirling. We believe that Mr. Griffith possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our board of directors  including the perspective and experience he brings as our Chief Executive Officer  which provides historic knowledge of our company  operational expertise and continuity to our board of directors  and his significant experience in the biopharmaceutical industry in positions including chairman  chief executive officer  chief operating officer  executive and non-executive director. Based on his significant experience in the biopharmaceutical industry in positions including chief executive officer  chief operating officer and executive director the Corporate Nominating and Governance Committee concluded that Mr Griffith is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RE-ELECTION OF HUGH STEPHEN GRIFFITH TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Andrew Martin Kay (Director  appointed 2020) Andrew Kay brings more than 30 years of experience in building and leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. He currently serves as Chairman of the Board of NeRRe Therapeutics and Blueberry Therapeutics. He also recently held the same role for KaNDy Therapeutics  a biotechnology company that was acquired by Bayer for a deal value of up to $875 million in 2020  and for Wilson Therapeutics  a biopharmaceutical company acquired by Alexion Pharmaceuticals for $855 million in 2018. Prior to that  Andrew served as the President and Chief Executive Officer for Algeta. During Andrew's leadership  Algeta's lead product  Xofigo  was approved by the FDA and EMA for the treatment of bone metastases in castration-resistant prostate cancer patients  followed by a strong commercial launch. In February 2014  Algeta was acquired by Bayer AG for $2.9 billion. Prior to Algeta  Andrew was the Global Head of Marketing and Sales and a Member of the Healthcare Committee and Pharmaceutical Executive Committee at Novartis  and held several other senior commercial positions in Europe and the US having worked at AstraZeneca  Eli Lilly  Sandoz and Boots. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF ANDREW MARTIN KAY TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Bali Muralidhar (Director  appointed 2020) Bali Muralidhar has served as a member of our board of directors since 2020. Bali is a Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer at Abingworth  a leading transatlantic life sciences investment firm. He has 15 years professional experience in healthcare across a range of functions including venture investing  R&D  clinical practice and teaching. He works with the Abingworth team in the London  Boston and Menlo Park offices to source and evaluate new investment opportunities and support existing venture investments through to exit. He represents Abingworth on the boards of Reneo Pharmaceuticals (RPHM)  Spruce Biosciences (SPRB) and Wugen. Prior to joining Abingworth  Bali was a senior partner at MVM Partners LLP in London where he completed investments in and served on the boards of several companies  both public and private. Two of these were Wilson Therapeutics and Valneva  both also Abingworth portfolio companies. In 2018  Bali was named among Financial News' Rising Stars in Private Equity  which celebrated 25 men and women under the age of 40 standing out in the European private equity industry. Before MVM  Bali was a member of Bain Capital's healthcare deal team. Bali obtained a degree in clinical medicine from the University of Oxford and practiced general surgery at the John Radcliffe and Addenbrooke's Hospitals in Oxford and Cambridge  respectively. He has a PhD in translational cancer research from the MRC Cancer Cell Unit  University of Cambridge  and has published over a dozen peer reviewed papers. He was also a Bye-Fellow in Medical Sciences at Downing College  Cambridge where he taught pathology  surgery and medicine. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF BALI MURALIDHAR TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 10 Lochside House 3 Lochside Way Edinburgh EH12 9DT U.K. T: +44 (0)131 357 1111 E: info@nucana.com www.nucana.com Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer NuCana plc published this content on 15 May 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 15 May 2023 20:26:13 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about NUCANA PLC 05/15 Nucana : NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING - Form 6-K PU 05/15 NuCana Announces Receipt of Nasdaq Notice AQ 05/15 Nucana : Annual Report - 2022 PU 05/15 Nucana : Notice of AGM - 2023 PU 05/15 NuCana Receives Non-Compliance Notice From Nasdaq MT 05/12 NuCana Announces Receipt of Nasdaq Notice GL 05/12 NuCana Announces Receipt of Nasdaq Notice AQ 05/11 Pharma  Telecoms Stocks Lead European Equities Traded in US Lower in Thursday Trading MT 04/25 Financial  Pharma Stocks Lead European Equities Lower in Tuesday Trading MT 04/21 European Equities Move Modestly Higher in Friday Trading  But Set to End Week Lower MT Analyst Recommendations on NUCANA PLC 2022 Oppenheimer Trims NuCana's Price Target to $4 From $5  Maintains Outperform Rating MT 2022 Jefferies & Co. Adjusts NuCana's Price Target to $3 From $21  Keeps Buy Rating MT 2022 Truist Securities Adjusts NuCana's Price Target to $6 From $22  Reiterates Buy Rating MT",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NuCana', 'NOTICE', 'Form', 'new share option schemes', 'joint share ownership plans', 'EC4N 6AF Company number', 'next annual general meeting', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTICE', '2023 annual general meeting', '2022 annual general meeting', 'multiple email addresses', '77-78 Cannon Street', 'Hugh Stephen Griffith', 'Andrew Martin Kay', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'Class I director', ""Directors' Remuneration Policy"", ""Directors' Remuneration Report"", 'incentive plans', 'Strategic Report', 'Seconds NuCana', 'NuCana plc', 'Lochside House', '3 Lochside Way', 'Edinburgh EH12', 'U.K.', 'Ordinary Resolutions', 'following resolutions', 'Bali Muralidhar', 'Young LLP', 'financial year', 'eligible participants', 'subsidiary undertaking', 'fifth anniversary', 'Special Resolutions', ""Directors' Report"", 'equity securities', 'First name', 'Companies Act', 'Days', 'Hours', 'Minutes', 'Form', '27pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'London', 'England', '15 June', '11.00am', 'transaction', 'business', 'rotation', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Ernst', 'auditors', 'office', 'conclusion', 'accounts', 'pages', 'effect', 'date', 'Section', 'powers', 'shares', 'rights', 'security', 'authority', 'time', 'expiry', 'offer', 'agreement', 'pursuance', 'connection', 'employees', 'consultants', 'passing', 'addition', 'prejudice']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24862,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/8e98bc9c7e4e9e38,Overbond expands automated bond trading service with Deutsche Börse European fixed income data,AI quantitative analytics provider for institutional fixed income capital markets Overbond has entered into an agreement to integrate European fixed-income transaction data from Deutsche Börse into its AI-aggregated data feeds and automated bond trading. The …,AI quantitative analytics provider for institutional fixed income capital markets Overbond has entered into an agreement to integrate European fixed-income transaction data from Deutsche Börse into its AI-aggregated data feeds and automated bond trading.The agreement specifically relates to Deutsche Börse and Clearstream’s recently co-developed new fixed income data service …This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2023-05-15.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse European fixed income data', 'automated bond trading service', 'Overbond', 'institutional fixed income capital markets', 'new fixed income data service', 'AI quantitative analytics provider', 'European fixed-income transaction data', 'AI-aggregated data feeds', 'Deutsche Börse', 'automated bond trading', 'Overbond', 'agreement', 'Clearstream', 'story']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,biztoc.com
24863,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/overbond-to-integrate-european-fixed-income-transaction-data-from-deutsche-borse-into-its-ai-aggregated-data-feeds-and-automated-bond-trading-301823596.html,Overbond to integrate European fixed-income transaction data from Deutsche Börse into its AI-aggregated data feeds and automated bond trading,TORONTO and LONDON  May 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Overbond  the leading API-based credit trading automation and execution service in the global capital markets  and Deutsche Börse Market Data + Services (MD+S)  have entered into an agreement relating to the rec…,"TORONTO and LONDON  May 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Overbond  the leading API-based credit trading automation and execution service in the global capital markets  and Deutsche Börse Market Data + Services (MD+S)  have entered into an agreement relating to the recently launched Clearstream Bond Liquidity Data offering. The agreement will provide Overbond customers with market insights on instrument liquidity and trading activity through a fixed-income post-trade data set on Eurobonds settled by Clearstream.In the fixed-income trading space  data gaps remain a challenge for efficient  profitable fixed income trading and automation. This is especially true in Europe  where transparency in fixed-income instruments hardly exists. Amidst this broad data gap  bond desks may use and aggregate any existing but incomplete data sources available in the market.However  aggregating the available data into executable prices and liquidity measures requires sophisticated artificial intelligence (AI) and cloud-based processing. Most bond trading desks lack the resources and expertise to do this in-house. Overbond partners with the world's largest exchanges and capital markets data providers to bring cloud-based AI aggregated data and automated trading solutions to fixed-income trading desks around the globe.Through the partnership with Deutsche Börse and Clearstream  Overbond will gain access to settlement-level fixed-income transaction data derived from the 170 million transactions that Clearstream processes annually across 100 currencies and 60 domestic markets. As the bond market is an over-the-counter market and most bonds are still traded over the phone  the addition of settlement-layer records significantly supplements the data sourced from electronic platforms.Overbond utilises six months of historical data to train its AI model  in order to generate pre-trade pricing and liquidity analytics. Combining Clearstream transaction data for European instruments with data from Overbond partners that provide binding quote data from all-to-all trading platforms will create the most robust European AI training data set available for the benefit of a better informed fixed-income trading in the EU.""Complete and accurate data is a foundational tool for achieving consistent profitability in the bond markets. Incorporating Clearstream data into the training set for Overbond AI is a game-changer. It allows us to create a great tool for traders of European debt and enables them to automate up to 40% of their trades using Overbond "" said Vuk Magdelinic  CEO of Overbond.""This partnership is a great milestone for the fixed-income industry as it combines our bond settlement data with Overbond's AI and cloud-based technology "" said Alireza Dorfard  Head of Market Data + Services at Deutsche Börse. ""It is in line with our ongoing efforts to collaborate with partners on providing state-of-the-art solutions in financial markets.""""Being at the heart of the Eurobond market  Europe's largest securities market  it is Clearstream's mission to increase transparency and therefore efficiency for all participants. This partnership is a great step on this journey  providing the market with comprehensive  up-to-date and high-quality bond settlement data "" added Guido Wille  Head of Eurobonds Business at Clearstream.Overbond AI will use this data set to generate a robust European fixed-income trading data set and enhance the precision of Overbond liquidity scoring  risk tiering and margin modeling―all of which will be available to Clearstream clients.About OverbondOverbond is a developer of process-redefining  AI-driven data and analytics and trade automation solutions for the global fixed income markets. Overbond performs market surveillance  data aggregation and normalization  and deep AI quantitative observation on more than 100 000 corporate bonds and fixed income ETFs. Applying proprietary artificial intelligence to pricing  curve visualization  market liquidity  issuance propensity  new issuance spreads  default risk and automated reporting  Overbond enables trade automation and enhances trade performance and portfolio returns. Clients of Toronto-based Overbond include global investment banks  broker-dealers  institutional investors  corporations and governments across the Americas  Europe and Asia. For more information  please visit www.overbond.com.SOURCE Overbond Ltd.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.21,0.28,True,English,"['European fixed-income transaction data', 'aggregated data feeds', 'Deutsche Börse', 'automated bond trading', 'Overbond', 'AI', 'Deutsche Börse Market Data + Services', 'robust European AI training data set', 'robust European fixed-income trading data set', 'efficient, profitable fixed income trading', 'leading API-based credit trading automation', 'Clearstream Bond Liquidity Data offering', 'deep AI quantitative observation', 'global fixed income markets', 'settlement-level fixed-income transaction data', 'high-quality bond settlement data', 'capital markets data providers', 'cloud-based AI aggregated data', 'Most bond trading desks', 'fixed income ETFs', 'fixed-income trading space', 'fixed-income trading desks', 'informed fixed-income trading', 'global capital markets', 'fixed-income post-trade data', 'global investment banks', 'broad data gap', 'incomplete data sources', 'binding quote data', 'process-redefining, AI-driven data', 'sophisticated artificial intelligence', 'proprietary artificial intelligence', 'automated trading solutions', 'Clearstream transaction data', 'new issuance spreads', 'training set', 'largest securities market', 'trade automation solutions', 'SOURCE Overbond Ltd.', 'Overbond liquidity scoring', 'bond desks', 'European instruments', 'European debt', 'bond markets', 'trading activity', 'trading platforms', 'fixed-income instruments', 'fixed-income industry', 'data gaps', 'available data', 'historical data', 'accurate data', 'data aggregation', 'Clearstream data', 'most bonds', 'AI model', '60 domestic markets', 'financial markets', 'cloud-based processing', 'cloud-based technology', 'art solutions', 'Overbond AI', 'instrument liquidity', 'liquidity measures', 'largest exchanges', 'issuance propensity', 'automated reporting', 'market insights', 'counter market', 'Eurobond market', 'market surveillance', 'trade performance', 'execution service', 'executable prices', '170 million transactions', 'settlement-layer records', 'electronic platforms', 'six months', 'liquidity analytics', 'foundational tool', 'consistent profitability', 'great tool', 'Vuk Magdelinic', 'great milestone', 'Alireza Dorfard', 'ongoing efforts', 'great step', 'comprehensive, up', 'Guido Wille', 'risk tiering', 'margin modeling', '100,000 corporate bonds', 'curve visualization', 'default risk', 'portfolio returns', 'institutional investors', 'Overbond customers', 'Toronto-based Overbond', 'pre-trade pricing', 'Eurobonds Business', 'Clearstream clients', 'Overbond partners', 'LONDON', 'MD+S', 'agreement', 'challenge', 'transparency', 'existing', 'resources', 'expertise', 'house', 'world', 'globe', 'partnership', 'access', '100 currencies', 'phone', 'addition', 'order', 'benefit', 'game-changer', 'traders', 'trades', 'CEO', 'Head', 'line', 'state', 'heart', 'mission', 'efficiency', 'participants', 'journey', 'date', 'precision', 'developer', 'normalization', 'broker-dealers', 'corporations', 'governments', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'information']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,prnewswire.com
24864,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/germany-stocks-higher-at-close-of-trade-dax-up-002-3082807,Germany stocks higher at close of trade; DAX up 0.02% By Investing.com,Germany stocks higher at close of trade; DAX up 0.02%,Published May 15  2023 01:15PM ET© Reuters. Germany stocks higher at close of trade; DAX up 0.02%Investing.com – Germany stocks were higher after the close on Monday  as gains in the   and sectors led shares higher.At the close in Frankfurt  the rose 0.02%  while the index added 0.19%  and the index gained 0.12%.The best performers of the session on the were Siemens Energy AG (ETR: )  which rose 2.46% or 0.55 points to trade at 22.93 at the close. Meanwhile  Henkel & Co KGaA AG Pref (ETR: ) added 2.31% or 1.74 points to end at 77.20 and Siemens Healthineers AG (ETR: ) was up 1.93% or 1.04 points to 54.80 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Zalando SE (ETR: )  which fell 1.46% or 0.47 points to trade at 31.73 at the close. Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR: ) declined 1.26% or 2.20 points to end at 171.80 and Sartorius AG VZO O.N. (ETR: ) was down 1.17% or 4.00 points to 339.00.The top performers on the MDAX were Tag Immobilien AG (ETR: ) which rose 5.83% to 8.06  Aroundtown Property Holdings PLC (ETR: ) which was up 4.70% to settle at 1.05 and Sixt SE (ETR: ) which gained 3.29% to close at 113.10.The worst performers were HelloFresh SE (ETR: ) which was down 3.36% to 22.98 in late trade  Gerresheimer AG (ETR: ) which lost 2.96% to settle at 98.50 and Duerr AG (ETR: ) which was down 2.55% to 28.24 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were Morphosys AG O.N. (ETR: ) which rose 5.66% to 22.40  ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc (ETR: ) which was up 2.61% to settle at 7.79 and CompuGroup Medical AG O.N. (ETR: ) which gained 2.14% to close at 49.60.The worst performers were Nagarro SE (ETR: ) which was down 9.33% to 84.05 in late trade  Suse SA (ETR: ) which lost 2.66% to settle at 13.53 and Kontron AG (ETR: ) which was down 2.26% to 18.57 at the close.Rising stocks outnumbered declining ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 349 to 320 and 79 ended unchanged.Shares in Siemens Energy AG (ETR: ) rose to 52-week highs; gaining 2.46% or 0.55 to 22.93. Shares in Henkel & Co KGaA AG Pref (ETR: ) rose to 52-week highs; up 2.31% or 1.74 to 77.20. Shares in Nagarro SE (ETR: ) fell to 52-week lows; down 9.33% or 8.65 to 84.05. Shares in Suse SA (ETR: ) fell to all time lows; down 2.66% or 0.37 to 13.53.The   which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was up 1.26% to 17.67.Gold Futures for June delivery was up 0.13% or 2.65 to $2 022.45 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in June rose 1.84% or 1.29 to hit $71.33 a barrel  while the July Brent oil contract rose 1.66% or 1.23 to trade at $75.40 a barrel.EUR/USD was unchanged 0.27% to 1.09  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.31% to 0.87.The US Dollar Index Futures was down 0.26% at 102.24.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.08,0.72,True,English,"['Investing.com', 'Germany', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'Sartorius AG VZO O.N.', 'CompuGroup Medical AG O.N.', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Morphosys AG O.N.', 'Aroundtown Property Holdings PLC', 'Co KGaA AG Pref', 'July Brent oil contract', 'Siemens Energy AG', 'Siemens Healthineers AG', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Tag Immobilien AG', 'ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Gold Futures', 'Gerresheimer AG', 'Duerr AG', 'Kontron AG', 'Crude oil', 'Investing.com', 'best performers', 'worst performers', 'Zalando SE', 'top performers', 'Sixt SE', 'HelloFresh SE', 'Nagarro SE', 'Suse SA', 'Rising stocks', '52-week highs', '52-week lows', 'time lows', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'late trade', 'Germany stocks', 'DAX options', 'June delivery', 'May', 'Reuters', 'close', 'Monday', 'gains', 'sectors', 'shares', 'session', 'ETR', 'Henkel', '1.74 points', '4.00 points', 'MDAX', 'TecDAX', 'implied', 'volatility', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '1.04', '0.47', '2.20']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,investing.com
24865,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2669212/0/en/Oxurion-Announces-Results-of-the-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-of-2-May-2023.html,Oxurion Announces Results of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of 2 May 2023,Regulated Information   Leuven  Belgium  Boston  MA  US – May 15  2023 – 08.00 PM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical...,Regulated InformationLeuven  Belgium  Boston  MA  US – May 15  2023 – 08.00 PM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  held its annual shareholders' meeting on May 2  2023. The shareholders approved all items on the agenda of the annual shareholders' meeting.All documents pertaining to the annual shareholders’ meeting held on May 2  2023  can be consulted on Oxurion’s website Oxurion/shareholders.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Oxurion', 'Results', '2 May', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'clinical stage assets', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'next generation standard', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'annual shareholders’ meeting', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'next-generation standard', 'Conway Communications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'U S', 'vision loss', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'Oxurion NV', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'Belgium', 'Boston', 'May', '08.00 PM', 'items', 'agenda', 'documents', 'website', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '32']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24866,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2669242/0/en/ASM-announces-voting-results-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,ASM announces voting results of the Annual General Meeting,Almere  The Netherlands May 15  2023       ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces the voting results of its Annual General......,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 15  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting held on May 15  2023  in the St. Olof’s Chapel  at the Barbizon Palace hotel in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting held on May 15  2023  in the St. Olof’s Chapel  at the Barbizon Palace hotel in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.The shareholders approved all resolutions as proposed to the Annual General Meeting. The main approved resolutions include the following:approval of the new Remuneration Policy for the Management Board reappointment of KPMG as auditor for financial years 2023 and 2024 the adoption of the financial statements for the year 2022 an advisory vote in favor of the remuneration report 2022  andthe discharge of the members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board from liability in relation to the exercise of their duties in the financial year 2022.Moreover  the shareholders voted in favor of a regular dividend payment of €2.50 per common share.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.ContactInvestor and media relationsictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'voting results', 'ASM', 'ictor Bareño T', 'ASM International N.V.', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Barbizon Palace hotel', 'regular dividend payment', 'common stock trades', 'main approved resolutions', 'new Remuneration Policy', 'remuneration report', 'common share', 'new products', 'voting results', 'St. Olof', 'Management Board', 'financial years', 'financial statements', 'advisory vote', 'Supervisory Board', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'market acceptance', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'future developments', 'media relations', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'The Company', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'May', 'Chapel', 'shareholders', 'approval', 'reappointment', 'KPMG', 'auditor', 'adoption', 'favor', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'exercise', 'duties', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Contact', 'Investor']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24867,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2669102/0/en/ASM-share-buyback-update-May-8-12-2023.html,ASM share buyback update May 8 – 12  2023,Almere  The Netherlands May 15  2023  5:45 p.m. CET  ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted...,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 15  2023  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value May 8  2023 3 822 € 342.15 € 1 307 680 May 9  2023 5 299 € 337.34 € 1 787 561 May 10  2023 3 434 € 337.48 € 1 158 912 May 11  2023 3 786 € 340.33 € 1 288 477 May 12  2023 4 455 € 340.24 € 1 515 756 Total 20 796 € 339.41 € 7 058 386These repurchases were made as part of the €100 million share buyback program which started on April 27  2023. Of the total program 14.9% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'media relations Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€100 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'May', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'April', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', 'Contact', '5:45']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24868,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-May-8-2023-until-May-12-2023-included-43856475/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from May 8  2023 until May 12  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   May 15  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from May 8  2023 until May 12  2023    Implementation of the …,May 15  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from May 8  2023 until May 12  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from May 8  2023 until May 12  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until June 30  2023): 176 822 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Negotiation method / market Trade date shares price (EUR) price (EUR) price (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 05/08/2023 30 940 80.59 80.28 80.80 2 493 585 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 05/09/2023 30 440 79.65 79.28 80.54 2 424 461 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 05/10/2023 40 962 79.26 78.74 79.66 3 246 583 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 05/11/2023 38 103 76.90 76.48 77.18 2 930 029 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 05/12/2023 36 377 77.04 76.74 77.48 2 802 364 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 176 822 78.59 13 897 021 Regulated information of May 15  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 25 198 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) price (EUR) price (EUR) (EUR) 05/08/2023 10 500 80.64 80.28 80.80 Stock Exchange 846 680 Euronext 05/09/2023 4 698 79.94 79.28 80.54 Stock Exchange 375 574 Euronext 05/10/2023 3 500 79.20 78.74 79.66 Stock Exchange 277 213 Euronext 05/11/2023 4 250 76.80 76.48 77.18 Stock Exchange 326 401 Euronext 05/12/2023 2 250 77.06 76.74 77.48 Stock Exchange 173 385 Euronext Total 25 198 79.34 1 999 253 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from May 8  2023 until May 12  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 18 198 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) price (EUR) price (EUR) (EUR) 05/08/2023 10 198 80.68 80.28 80.80 Stock Exchange 822 783 Euronext 05/10/2023 1 000 79.48 78.74 79.66 Stock Exchange 79 480 Euronext 05/11/2023 5 500 76.94 76.48 77.18 Stock Exchange 423 147 Euronext 05/12/2023 1 500 77.19 76.74 77.48 Stock Exchange 115 790 Euronext Total 18 198 79.20 1 441 200 As of May 12  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 8 565 534 GBL shares representing 5.8% of the issued capital  and holds 7 000 shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  4.4% of the sixth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of May 15  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'May', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date Negotiation method', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Trade date shares price', 'sixth share buyback program', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', 'market shares price', '0 GBL share', 'Acquis Total', '18 Stock Exchange', '48 Stock Exchange', 'GBL Shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', 'gbl.be', '7,000 shares', 'May', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'June', 'Number', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', '83 Euronext', 'Page', '3,385 Euronext', 'Sales', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares', '77']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TESMEC-S-P-A-6360974/news/Tesmec-S-p-A-Minutes-of-Shareholders-Meeting-April-20-2023-and-Interim-consolidated-financial-rep-43852548/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Tesmec S p A : Minutes of Shareholders Meeting April 20  2023 and Interim consolidated financial report as at 31 March 2023 are available,(marketscreener.com) Italy   Tel. +39.035.4232911 - Fax +39.035.4522444 - info@tesmec.it - www.tesmec.com     Pagina 1 di 2        and development units in Fidenza   Padua and Patrica . Listed on the EURONEXT STAR MILAN of the...https://www.ma…,"TESMEC S.P.A.: MINUTE OF SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD ON 20 APRIL 2023 AND OF THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT AS AT 31 MARCH 2023Grassobbio (Bergamo)  15 May 2023 - Tesmec S.p.A. (EURONEXT STAR MILAN STAR: TES) (""Tesmec"" or the ""Company"")  at the head of a group leader in the market of technologies for infrastructures (overhead  underground and railway networks) related to the transport of energy  data and materials (oil and derivatives  gas and water)  and of technologies in surface mining  announced that the Minute of Shareholders' Meeting held on April 20  2023 is available to the public through the system eMarket- Storage  at www.emarketstorage.com  through publication on the website www.tesmec.comand deposited at Tesmec S.p.A. operating office in Grassobbio - Via Zanica 17/O.It is also announced that the Tesmec Group Interim consolidated financial report as at 31 March 2023  approved by the Board of Directors on May 10  2023  is deposited at Tesmec S.p.A. operating office in Grassobbio  Via Zanica 17/O and available to the public through the system eMarket-Storage at www.emarketstorage.comand  through publication on the website www.tesmec.com .****For further information:Tesmec S.p.A. Image Building - Media Relations Marco Paredi Alfredo Mele  Carlo Musa Investor Relations Manager Tel: +39 02 89011300 Tel: +39 035 4232840 - Fax: +39 035 3844606 E-mail:tesmec@imagebuilding.it E-mail: ir@tesmec.comThe press release is also available on the www.tesmec.com website  in the ""Investors"" section: http://investor.tesmec.com/en/Investors/PressReleasesTesmec GroupTesmec Group is active in the design  production and marketing of systems and integrated solutions for the construction  maintenance and diagnostics of infrastructures (overhead  underground and railway networks) for the transport of energy  data and materials (oil and derivatives  gas and water)  as well as technologies for quarries and surface mining. The Group operates in the following sectors: - Energy. Tesmec Group designs  manufactures and markets machines and integrated systems for the construction and maintenance of overhead and underground power lines  fibre optic networks (Stringing segment)  as well as advanced equipment and systems for the automation  efficiency  management and monitoring of high  medium and low voltage electrical networks and substations (Energy Automation Segment); - Trencher. Tesmec Group carries out the design  production  sale and rental of trencher machines functional to four types of activities (excavation and mines  excavations for the installation of pipelines  for the construction of telecommunication and optical fibre infrastructures  excavations for the construction of underground power networks)  as well as the provision of specialized excavation services. The trencher machines are rented by the Group both with the operator (hot rental or wet rental) and without the operator (cold rental or dry rental); - Railway. The Group designs  manufactures and markets machines and integrated systems for the installation and maintenance of the railway catenary  devices for the diagnostics of the railway catenary and track  as well as customized machines for special operations on the line.Born in Italy in 1951 and led by the Chairman and CEO Ambrogio Caccia Dominioni  the Group counts on more than 1000 employees and has its production sites in Grassobbio (Bergamo)  Endine Gaiano (Bergamo)  Sirone (Lecco)  Monopoli (Bari) and Bitetto (Bari) in Italy  Alvarado (Texas) in the USA and Durtal in France. It relies on three research",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Interim consolidated financial report', 'Tesmec S', 'Shareholders Meeting', 'Minutes', 'April', '31 March', 'Media Relations Marco Paredi Alfredo Mele', 'Tesmec S.p.A. operating office', 'Tesmec S.p.A. Image Building', 'Carlo Musa Investor Relations Manager', 'Tesmec Group Interim consolidated financial report', 'EURONEXT STAR MILAN STAR', 'low voltage electrical networks', 'Ambrogio Caccia Dominioni', 'fibre optic networks', 'tesmec.com website', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD"", 'underground power lines', 'specialized excavation services', 'underground power networks', 'optical fibre infrastructures', 'Energy Automation Segment', 'railway networks', 'Stringing segment', 'group leader', 'surface mining', 'Via Zanica', 'press release', 'Investors"" section', 'integrated solutions', 'following sectors', 'advanced equipment', 'high, medium', 'four types', 'special operations', 'Endine Gaiano', 'three research', 'The Group', 'hot rental', 'wet rental', 'cold rental', 'dry rental', 'railway catenary', 'integrated systems', 'production sites', 'trencher machines', 'MINUTE', '20 APRIL', '31 MARCH', 'Grassobbio', 'Bergamo', '15 May', 'Company', 'head', 'market', 'technologies', 'transport', 'data', 'materials', 'oil', 'derivatives', 'gas', 'water', 'public', 'O.', 'Board', 'Directors', 'information', 'Fax', 'mail', 'Investors/PressReleases', 'design', 'construction', 'maintenance', 'diagnostics', 'quarries', 'manufactures', 'efficiency', 'management', 'monitoring', 'substations', 'sale', 'activities', 'mines', 'excavations', 'installation', 'pipelines', 'telecommunication', 'provision', 'operator', 'devices', 'track', 'Italy', 'Chairman', 'CEO', '1000 employees', 'Sirone', 'Lecco', 'Monopoli', 'Bari', 'Bitetto', 'Alvarado', 'Texas', 'Durtal', 'France', '02']",2023-05-16,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24870,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668386/0/en/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the third tranche of the share buyback program of up to €150 million announced on 17 April 2023 (the “third tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amster…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the third tranche of the share buyback program of up to €150 million announced on 17 April 2023 (the “third tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam and CBOE DXE:EURONEXT AMSTERDAM Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 08 May 2023 37 385 75.9679 2 840 059.94 09 May 2023 37 900 75.7260 2 870 015.40 10 May 2023 38 700 75.7669 2 932 178.68 11 May 2023 39 000 76.1830 2 971 138.24 12 May 2023 39 200 77.5981 3 041 844.66 TOTAL 192 185 14 655 236.92 CBOE DXE Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 10 May 2023 21 700 75.7645 1 644 090.46 11 May 2023 22 000 76.1728 1 675 800.62 12 May 2023 22 600 77.5857 1 753 436.94 TOTAL 66 300 5 073 328.02After these purchases  the total invested amount under the third tranche is approximately €42.1 million for a total amount of 558 660 ordinary shares purchased.As of 12 May 2023  the Company held in total 7 934 874 ordinary shares in treasury (3.39% of total ordinary issued share capital)1.1 This corresponds to 1.08% of the total issued share capital including both ordinary shares and special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'CBOE DXE Trading Date Number', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM Trading Date', 'special voting shares', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'ordinary shares', 'share capital', 'third tranche', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '17 April', 'fees', '08 May', '09 May', '11 May', '12 May', '10 May', 'purchases', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24871,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GIGLIO-GROUP-S-P-A-23277317/news/Giglio-Group-closes-quarter-with-loss-revenues-drop-43851567/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Giglio Group closes quarter with loss; revenues drop,(marketscreener.com) Giglio Group Spa reported consolidated revenues of EUR7.8 million in the first quarter  down from EUR11.5 million recorded in the same period last year. As of March 31  the company is in a loss of EUR974 000 from a profit of EUR463 000 in…,"(Alliance News) - Giglio Group Spa reported consolidated revenues of EUR7.8 million in the first quarter  down from EUR11.5 million recorded in the same period last year.As of March 31  the company is in a loss of EUR974 000 from a profit of EUR463 000 in 2022.Ebitda is negative at EUR364 000 from a positive EUR1.2 million in Q1 2022.Ebit is negative EUR628 000 from a positive EUR757 000 as of March 31  2022.The group's net financial debt is negative at EUR17.5 million  in line with the figures as of 31December 2022.""The board of directors believes that the auditing firm's decision not to express an opinion on Giglio Group's statutory and consolidated financial statements as of December 31  2022 is seriously erroneous and in violation  therefore  of the professional audit engagement "" the company wrote in a note.In addition  the board resolved to apply to Borsa Italiana Spa for a change from Euronext Star Milan to Euronext Milan. ""This decision was taken as a result of the conclusions of the report issued by the auditing firm BDO Italia Spa on the draft financial statements and consolidated financial statements of the company as of December 31  2022 "" the note adds.Giglio Group is down 5.1 percent at EUR0.63 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Giglio Group', 'quarter', 'loss', 'revenues', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News reporter', 'net financial debt', 'consolidated financial statements', 'professional audit engagement', 'Borsa Italiana Spa', 'BDO Italia Spa', 'draft financial statements', 'Euronext Star Milan', 'Giglio Group Spa', 'Euronext Milan', 'first quarter', 'same period', 'positive EUR', 'auditing firm', 'Claudia Cavaliere', 'revenues', 'March', 'company', 'loss', 'profit', 'Ebitda', 'Q1', 'line', 'figures', 'December', 'board', 'directors', 'decision', 'opinion', 'statutory', 'violation', 'note', 'addition', 'change', 'result', 'conclusions', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'alliancenews', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24872,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-announces-voting-results-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-43857479/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,ASM announces voting results of the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The Netherlands May 15  2023 ASM International N.V. today announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting held on May 15  2023  in the St. Olof’s Chapel  at the Barbizon Palace hotel in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.ASM In…,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 15  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting held on May 15  2023  in the St. Olof’s Chapel  at the Barbizon Palace hotel in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting held on May 15  2023  in the St. Olof’s Chapel  at the Barbizon Palace hotel in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.The shareholders approved all resolutions as proposed to the Annual General Meeting. The main approved resolutions include the following:approval of the new Remuneration Policy for the Management Board reappointment of KPMG as auditor for financial years 2023 and 2024 the adoption of the financial statements for the year 2022 an advisory vote in favor of the remuneration report 2022  andthe discharge of the members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board from liability in relation to the exercise of their duties in the financial year 2022.Moreover  the shareholders voted in favor of a regular dividend payment of €2.50 per common share.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.ContactInvestor and media relationsictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'voting results', 'ASM', 'ictor Bareño T', 'ASM International N.V.', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Barbizon Palace hotel', 'regular dividend payment', 'common stock trades', 'main approved resolutions', 'new Remuneration Policy', 'remuneration report', 'common share', 'new products', 'voting results', 'St. Olof', 'Management Board', 'financial years', 'financial statements', 'advisory vote', 'Supervisory Board', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'market acceptance', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'future developments', 'media relations', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'The Company', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'May', 'Chapel', 'shareholders', 'approval', 'reappointment', 'KPMG', 'auditor', 'adoption', 'favor', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'exercise', 'duties', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Contact', 'Investor', 'Attachment']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24873,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-Filed-the-additional-periodic-information-as-at-March-31-2023-43856765/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : Filed the additional periodic information as at March 31  2023,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  announces that the additional periodic information as at March 31…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  announces that the additional periodic information as at March 31  2023  was filed today at the headquarters office and in the mechanism for the central storage (www.1info.it).This document is also available on the Company's website www.tipspa.it in the Investor Relations/Annual and quarterly reports.Milan  May 15  2023TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW. CURRENTLY TIP HAS DIRECT OR INDIRECT INTEREST IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DIGITAL MAGICS  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  FAGERHULT  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  PRYSMIAN  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA E VIANOVA.Contacts: Alessandra GrittiCEO - Investor RelatorTel. 02 8858801 mail: gritti@tamburi.itThis press release is also available on the company's web site www.tipspa.it and disclosed by 1Info SDIR and 1Info Storage system (www.1info.it).",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', 'additional periodic information', 'March', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'diversified industrial group', 'additional periodic information', 'AT TODAY VALUES', 'Alessandra Gritti CEO', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', '1Info Storage system', 'central storage', '1Info SDIR', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'headquarters office', 'Investor Relations/Annual', 'quarterly reports', 'CLUB DEALS', '5 BILLION EURO', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', 'INDIRECT INTEREST', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'DIGITAL MAGICS', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'Investor Relator', 'web site', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES', 'tip', 'independent', 'March', 'mechanism', 'document', 'Company', 'website', 'May', 'EXCELLENT', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'FAGERHULT', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'PRYSMIAN', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'GARDEN', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'Contacts', 'Tel.']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24874,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DATALOGIC-S-P-A-179277/news/Datalogic-S-p-A-15-May-2023-Datalogic-assigns-the-buy-back-mandate-43856472/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Datalogic S p A : 15 May 2023 - Datalogic assigns the buy-back mandate,(marketscreener.com)  Bologna  May 15  2023 - Datalogic S.p.A.   a company listed on Euronext Star Milan of the Italian Stock Exchange  announces that  in execution of the Shareholders' Meeting resolution of April 27  2023 authorising the purchase and dispos…,"Bologna  May 15  2023 - Datalogic S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana S.p.A: DAL)  a company listed on Euronext Star Milan of the Italian Stock Exchange  announces that  in execution of the Shareholders' Meeting resolution of April 27  2023 authorising the purchase and disposal of treasury shares  on the date hereof granted a mandate to a leading broker for the repurchase of treasury shares on the market (known as ""buy-back"").The broker will coordinate and purchase the shares in complete independence  in compliance with the pre-established contractual parameters and criteria  as well as with the constraints set out by the applicable regulations and the Shareholders' Meeting resolution of April 27  2023  to which reference is made for further details. The purchases will be made on the Euronext Milan of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  in compliance with article 144-bis  paragraph 1  let. b) of Consob Regulation 11971/1999  in such a manner as to comply with the equal treatment of shareholders pursuant to Art. 132 of the Consolidated Finance Act  as well as according to the operating procedures established in the organisation and management regulations of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.The buy-back  the purpose of which is to keep the shares for subsequent use in accordance with the resolution of April 27  2023  provides for the repurchase of a maximum of 600.000 shares  and a duration from May 16 to July 4  2023. The maximum value of the shares that may be purchased as part of the treasury share purchase programme may not exceed the amount of distributable profits and available reserves resulting from the latest duly approved financial statements.As of today  the Company has no. 1.667.053 treasury shares  equal to 2 85% of share capital. The controlled companies by the Company do not own shares of the same.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['buy-back mandate', 'Datalogic S', '15 May', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A', 'Datalogic S.p.A.', 'treasury share purchase programme', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consolidated Finance Act', 'Euronext Star Milan', ""Shareholders' Meeting resolution"", 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'complete independence', 'contractual parameters', 'applicable regulations', 'Consob Regulation', 'equal treatment', 'operating procedures', 'management regulations', 'subsequent use', 'distributable profits', 'available reserves', 'financial statements', 'treasury shares', 'leading broker', 'maximum value', '600.000 shares', 'Bologna', 'DAL', 'company', 'execution', 'April', 'disposal', 'mandate', 'repurchase', 'market', 'buy', 'back', 'compliance', 'criteria', 'constraints', 'reference', 'details', 'purchases', 'article', 'paragraph', 'manner', 'Art.', 'organisation', 'purpose', 'accordance', 'duration', 'May', 'July', 'part', 'amount', 'today', 'companies']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24875,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENERGY-S-P-A-141793545/news/Energy-S-p-A-Conversion-of-the-first-tranche-of-Price-Adjustment-Shares-43851200/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Energy S p A : Conversion of the first tranche of Price Adjustment Shares,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE - ENERGY S.P.A   CONVERSION OF THE FIRST TRANCHE OF PRICE ADJUSTMENT SHARES   S. Angelo di Piove di Sacco   May 15  2023. The Board of Directors of Energy S.p.A.   an integrated energy storage systems producer  lis…,"PRESS RELEASE - ENERGY S.P.ACONVERSION OF THE FIRST TRANCHE OF PRICE ADJUSTMENT SHARESS. Angelo di Piove di Sacco (PD)  May 15  2023. The Board of Directors of Energy S.p.A. (the ""Company"" or ""Energy"")  an integrated energy storage systems producer  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  approved the conversion of the first tranche of Price Adjustment Shares (PAS). Specifically  the Board of Directors  having considered the achievement of 2022 EBITDA TARGET  as per Article 5.6 (iv).a of the By-Laws resulting in a EBITDA of Euro 32.2 million for 2022  supported by the audit of KPMG S.p.A  and with the favourable opinion of the Independent Director  approved to fully convert 3 792 000 Price Adjustment Shares - PAS First Tranche (ISIN code IT0005504151) into Ordinary Shares (ISIN code IT0005500712)  without any change in the share capital  in the ratio of 1 (one) Ordinary Share for each Price Adjustment Share held.Following the conversion  the Company's share capital consists of 61 375 000 shares  of which 53 791 000 Ordinary Shares and 7 584 000 Price Adjustment Shares.As a result of the conversion of the Price Adjustment Shares  the Board of Directors will file at the Companies Registration Office  in accordance with Article 2436  paragraph 6  of the Civil Code  the amended text of the By- Laws  and proceed with the related formalities.Following the conversion of the 3 792 000 Price Adjustment Shares into Ordinary Shares  the Company's share capital will be comprised as follows:Shareholder No. Ordinary No. Total % of Shares PAS* Shares share capital Davide Tinazzi 10 340 139 1 899 792 12 239 931 19.94% Andrea Taffurelli 10 340 139 1 899 792 12 239 931 19.94% Sun Hongwu 10 319 500 1 896 000 12 215 500 19.90% Euroguarco S.p.A. 10 278 222 1 888 416 12 166 638 19.83% Riello 4 166 500 4 166 500 6.79% Market ** 8 346 500 8 346 500 13.60% Total 53 791 000 7 584 000 61 375 000 100.00%Not admitted to tradingthe free float with respect to the 53 791 000 Shares admitted to trading on Euronext Growth Milan is 15.52%This press release is available on Energy S.p.A.'s website at www.energysynt.com  Investor Relations/Press Releases section and on www.emarketstorage.com.***",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Price Adjustment Shares', 'Energy S', 'first tranche', 'Conversion', 'integrated energy storage systems producer', 'Investor Relations/Press Releases section', 'KPMG S.p.A', 'Euroguarco S.p.A.', 'ENERGY S.P.A', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'PAS* Shares share capital', 'Companies Registration Office', 'Price Adjustment Share', '1 (one) Ordinary Share', 'PAS First Tranche', 'S. Angelo', 'Ordinary Shares', 'Ordinary No.', 'favourable opinion', 'Independent Director', 'related formalities', 'Davide Tinazzi', 'Andrea Taffurelli', 'Sun Hongwu', 'free float', 'ISIN code', 'Civil Code', '61,375,000 shares', '53,791,000 Shares', 'CONVERSION', 'THE', 'Piove', 'Sacco', 'PD', 'May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Company', 'achievement', '2022 EBITDA', 'Article', 'By-Laws', 'audit', 'change', 'result', 'accordance', 'paragraph', 'text', 'Shareholder', 'Riello', 'trading', 'respect', 'website', 'energysynt']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24876,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-share-buyback-update-May-8-ndash-12-2023-43856418/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,ASM share buyback update May 8 – 12  2023,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The Netherlands May 15  2023  5:45 p.m. CET ASM International N.V. reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program. DateRepurchased sharesAverage priceRepurchased valueMay 8  20233 822€ 342.…,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 15  2023  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value May 8  2023 3 822 € 342.15 € 1 307 680 May 9  2023 5 299 € 337.34 € 1 787 561 May 10  2023 3 434 € 337.48 € 1 158 912 May 11  2023 3 786 € 340.33 € 1 288 477 May 12  2023 4 455 € 340.24 € 1 515 756 Total 20 796 € 339.41 € 7 058 386These repurchases were made as part of the €100 million share buyback program which started on April 27  2023. Of the total program 14.9% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'media relations Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€100 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'May', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'April', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:45']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24877,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Announces-Results-of-the-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-of-2-May-2023-43857224/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Oxurion Announces Results of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of 2 May 2023,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Leuven  Belgium  Boston  MA  US – May 15  2023 – 08.00 PM CET – Oxurion NV   a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retina…,Regulated InformationLeuven  Belgium  Boston  MA  US – May 15  2023 – 08.00 PM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  held its annual shareholders' meeting on May 2  2023. The shareholders approved all items on the agenda of the annual shareholders' meeting.All documents pertaining to the annual shareholders’ meeting held on May 2  2023  can be consulted on Oxurion’s website Oxurion/shareholders.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"[""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Oxurion', 'Results', '2 May', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'clinical stage assets', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'next generation standard', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'annual shareholders’ meeting', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'next-generation standard', 'Conway Communications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'U S', 'vision loss', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'Oxurion NV', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'Belgium', 'Boston', 'May', '08.00 PM', 'items', 'agenda', 'documents', 'website', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '32']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24878,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DANONE-4634/news/Danone-successfully-issues-a-800-million-bond-43856694/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Danone successfully issues a 800 million bond,(marketscreener.com) Press Release – Paris  May 15  2023 Danone successfully issues a €800 million bond   Danone announces that it has issued today a €800 million bond with an 8-year maturity and a 3.47% coupon. In line with the company’s active liquidity man…,Press Release – Paris  May 15  2023Danone successfully issues a €800 million bondDanone announces that it has issued today a €800 million bond with an 8-year maturity and a 3.47% coupon.In line with the company’s active liquidity management  this issue enables Danone to enhance its funding flexibility while extending the maturity of its debt.The settlement is expected to take place on May 22  2023  and the bonds will be listed on Euronext Paris.The bond issue was widely subscribed by a diversified investor base  confirming the high confidence in Danone’s business model and credit profile.Danone is rated BBB+  stable outlook  by Standard & Poor’s and Baa1  stable outlook  by Moody’s.About Danone ( www.danone.com )Danone is a leading global food and beverage company operating in three health-focused  fast-growing and on-trend categories: Essential Dairy & Plant-Based products  Waters and Specialized Nutrition. With a long-standing mission of bringing health through food to as many people as possible  Danone aims to inspire healthier and more sustainable eating and drinking practices while committing to achieve measurable nutritional  social  societal and environment impact. Danone has defined its Renew strategy to restore growth  competitiveness  and value creation for the long-term. With 100 000 employees  and products sold in over 120 markets  Danone generated €27.7 billion in sales in 2022. Danone’s portfolio includes leading international brands (Actimel  Activia  Alpro  Aptamil  Danette  Danio  Danonino  evian  Nutricia  Nutrilon  Volvic  among others) as well as strong local and regional brands (including Aqua  Blédina  Bonafont  Cow & Gate  Mizone  Oikos and Silk). Listed on Euronext Paris and present on the OTCQX market via an ADR (American Depositary Receipt) program  Danone is a component stock of leading sustainability indexes including the ones managed by Vigeo Eiris and Sustainalytics  as well as the Ethibel Sustainability Index  the MSCI ESG Indexes  the FTSE4Good Index Series  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  and the Access to Nutrition Index. By 2025  Danone aims to become one of the first multinational companies to obtain global B Corp™ certification.Attachment,positive,0.5,0.49,0.02,positive,0.57,0.42,0.01,True,English,"['800 million bond', 'Danone', 'measurable nutritional, social, societal', 'American Depositary Receipt) program', 'global B Corp™ certification', 'Bloomberg Gender Equality Index', 'active liquidity management', 'diversified investor base', 'leading sustainability indexes', 'Ethibel Sustainability Index', 'MSCI ESG Indexes', 'FTSE4Good Index Series', 'first multinational companies', 'leading global food', 'leading international brands', 'Nutrition Index', 'regional brands', 'Press Release', '€800 million bond', 'funding flexibility', 'high confidence', 'business model', 'credit profile', 'Standard & Poor', 'trend categories', 'Essential Dairy', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'standing mission', 'many people', 'sustainable eating', 'drinking practices', 'environment impact', 'Renew strategy', 'value creation', 'strong local', 'Blédina', 'OTCQX market', 'component stock', 'Vigeo Eiris', 'Euronext Paris', '8-year maturity', 'bond issue', 'stable outlook', 'beverage company', 'Plant-Based products', 'Danone', '3.47% coupon', 'line', 'debt', 'settlement', 'place', 'May', 'bonds', 'Baa', 'Moody', 'growing', 'Waters', 'long', 'health', 'growth', 'competitiveness', '100,000 employees', '120 markets', 'sales', 'portfolio', 'Actimel', 'Alpro', 'Aptamil', 'Danette', 'Danio', 'Danonino', 'evian', 'Nutricia', 'Nutrilon', 'Volvic', 'others', 'Aqua', 'Bonafont', 'Cow', 'Gate', 'Mizone', 'Oikos', 'Silk', 'ADR', 'Sustainalytics', 'Access', 'Attachment', '2025']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24879,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2669133/0/en/Danone-successfully-issues-a-800-million-bond.html,Danone successfully issues a €800 million bond,Press Release – Paris  May 15  2023  Danone successfully issues a €800 million bond    Danone announces that it has issued today a €800 million bond...,English FrenchPress Release – Paris  May 15  2023Danone successfully issues a €800 million bondDanone announces that it has issued today a €800 million bond with an 8-year maturity and a 3.47% coupon.In line with the company’s active liquidity management  this issue enables Danone to enhance its funding flexibility while extending the maturity of its debt.The settlement is expected to take place on May 22  2023  and the bonds will be listed on Euronext Paris.The bond issue was widely subscribed by a diversified investor base  confirming the high confidence in Danone’s business model and credit profile.Danone is rated BBB+  stable outlook  by Standard & Poor’s and Baa1  stable outlook  by Moody’s.About Danone ( www.danone.com )Danone is a leading global food and beverage company operating in three health-focused  fast-growing and on-trend categories: Essential Dairy & Plant-Based products  Waters and Specialized Nutrition. With a long-standing mission of bringing health through food to as many people as possible  Danone aims to inspire healthier and more sustainable eating and drinking practices while committing to achieve measurable nutritional  social  societal and environment impact. Danone has defined its Renew strategy to restore growth  competitiveness  and value creation for the long-term. With 100 000 employees  and products sold in over 120 markets  Danone generated €27.7 billion in sales in 2022. Danone’s portfolio includes leading international brands (Actimel  Activia  Alpro  Aptamil  Danette  Danio  Danonino  evian  Nutricia  Nutrilon  Volvic  among others) as well as strong local and regional brands (including Aqua  Blédina  Bonafont  Cow & Gate  Mizone  Oikos and Silk). Listed on Euronext Paris and present on the OTCQX market via an ADR (American Depositary Receipt) program  Danone is a component stock of leading sustainability indexes including the ones managed by Vigeo Eiris and Sustainalytics  as well as the Ethibel Sustainability Index  the MSCI ESG Indexes  the FTSE4Good Index Series  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  and the Access to Nutrition Index. By 2025  Danone aims to become one of the first multinational companies to obtain global B Corp™ certification.Attachment,neutral,0.48,0.51,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,True,English,"['€800 million bond', 'Danone', 'English French Press Release', 'measurable nutritional, social, societal', 'American Depositary Receipt) program', 'global B Corp™ certification', 'Bloomberg Gender Equality Index', 'active liquidity management', 'diversified investor base', 'leading sustainability indexes', 'Ethibel Sustainability Index', 'MSCI ESG Indexes', 'FTSE4Good Index Series', 'first multinational companies', 'leading global food', 'leading international brands', 'Nutrition Index', 'regional brands', '€800 million bond', 'funding flexibility', 'high confidence', 'business model', 'credit profile', 'Standard & Poor', 'trend categories', 'Essential Dairy', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'standing mission', 'many people', 'sustainable eating', 'drinking practices', 'environment impact', 'Renew strategy', 'value creation', 'strong local', 'Blédina', 'OTCQX market', 'component stock', 'Vigeo Eiris', 'Euronext Paris', '8-year maturity', 'bond issue', 'beverage company', 'Plant-Based products', 'Danone', '3.47% coupon', 'line', 'debt', 'settlement', 'place', 'May', 'bonds', 'outlook', 'Baa', 'Moody', 'growing', 'Waters', 'long', 'health', 'growth', 'competitiveness', '100,000 employees', '120 markets', 'sales', 'portfolio', 'Actimel', 'Alpro', 'Aptamil', 'Danette', 'Danio', 'Danonino', 'evian', 'Nutricia', 'Nutrilon', 'Volvic', 'others', 'Aqua', 'Bonafont', 'Cow', 'Gate', 'Mizone', 'Oikos', 'Silk', 'ADR', 'Sustainalytics', 'Access', 'Attachment', '2025']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24880,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2669114/0/en/EDF-Information-regarding-the-voting-rights-and-shares-Article-L-233-8-II-of-the-French-Commercial-Code-and-223-16-of-the-General-Regulations-of-the-AMF.html,EDF:Information regarding the voting rights and shares (Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “AMF”),15 May 2023  Information regarding the voting rights and shares  (Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code   and 223-16 of the General...,English French15 May 2023Information regarding the voting rights and shares(Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “AMF”)Listing location: NYSE Euronext-ParisCompartiment: Eurolist AISIN code: FR 0010242511Date Total number of shares Total number of voting rights 10 May 20234 000 933 682Number of theoretical voting rights:6 632 545 088 Number of exercisable voting rights:6 631 656 577*Number of exercisable voting rights = Number of theoretical voting rights (or total number of voting rights calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached) – number of shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['French Commercial Code', 'voting rights', 'General Regulations', 'EDF', 'Information', 'shares', 'Article', 'AMF', 'NYSE Euronext-Paris Compartiment', 'French Commercial Code', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'English French', 'ISIN code', 'General Regulations', 'Listing location', 'Eurolist A', 'Total number', 'May', 'Information', 'shares', 'Article', 'AMF', 'Date', 'basis', 'Attachment']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24881,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Lleidanetworks-Serveis-Telematics-S-A-Sapena-buys-22-000-more-shares-of-Lleida-net-and-controls-no-43854030/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Lleidanetworks Serveis Telemàtics S A : Sapena buys 22 000 more shares of Lleida.net and controls now more than 36 percent of the listed company,(marketscreener.com)   Sapena buys 22 000 more shares of Lleida.net and controls now more than 36 percent of the listed company      15 May 2023 13:27 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   LLEIDA.NET      Madrid ...https://www.marketscreene…,"Sapena buys 22 000 more shares of Lleida.net and controls now more than 36 percent of the listed companyMadrid  May 15 - The CEO and founder of Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) acquired 22 023 new shares in the company last week  further demonstrating his confidence in the company's future.The purchases  which took place between Wednesday  May 10  2023 and May 12  2023  Sapena  which is the company's majority shareholder  made the purchases at a weighted price of €1.73.With these transactions  Sapena directly controls 35.31 percent of the company  and 0.75 percent indirectly  representing a total of 36.06 percent of the company's shares.This information was communicated this morning before the opening of the market to the Spanish regulator  in accordance with the applicable rules.""I am confident in the future development of the company  and I am sure that the trends in the market are working in our favor. Last year we recorded record results once again and we are aware of the need to further strengthen our commercial and R&D division in order to continue growing "" Sapena explained.Lleida.net  founded in 1995  is the European leader in the registered electronic signature  contracting and notification industry. More than half of its revenues come from international sales  in more than fifty countries. The company has been recognized with more than 300 patents in more than 60 countries for its inventions in the industry.Listed since 2015 in Madrid  it executed a dual listing in 2018 on Euronext Paris  in the Growth segment  and on the OTCQX segment of OTC Markets in 2020.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Telemàtics S A', 'Lleida.net', 'Lleidanetworks', 'Sapena', 'shares', '36 percent', 'company', '22,000', 'R&D division', 'registered electronic signature', 'Lleida.net', 'majority shareholder', 'weighted price', 'Spanish regulator', 'applicable rules', 'record results', 'European leader', 'international sales', 'dual listing', 'Euronext Paris', 'Growth segment', 'OTCQX segment', 'OTC Markets', 'future development', 'notification industry', 'fifty countries', '22,023 new shares', 'listed company', '60 countries', 'Sapena', '22,000 more', '36 percent', 'Madrid', 'CEO', 'founder', 'ALLLN', 'LLEIF', 'confidence', 'purchases', 'place', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'transactions', '35.31 percent', '0.75 percent', 'total', '36.06 percent', 'information', 'opening', 'accordance', 'trends', 'favor', 'need', 'commercial', 'order', 'contracting', 'half', 'revenues', '300 patents', 'inventions']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24882,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/4AIM-SICAF-S-P-A-30382139/news/4AIM-narrows-first-quarter-loss-sales-rise-43856942/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,4AIM narrows first-quarter loss; sales rise,(marketscreener.com) The board of directors of 4AIM SICAF Spa on Monday approved the quarterly financial report as of March 31  which closed with a loss of EUR1.0 million from EUR1.9 million loss in the same period last year. Overall  the investment managemen…,"(Alliance News) - The board of directors of 4AIM SICAF Spa on Monday approved the quarterly financial report as of March 31  which closed with a loss of EUR1.0 million from EUR1.9 million loss in the same period last year.Overall  the investment management result was a loss of EUR700 000  of which EUR955 000 or so was attributable to ""Portfolio 1 MTF"" and EUR290 000 was attributable instead to ""Portfolio 2 Crowdfunding.Consolidated revenues amounted to EUR28.0 million compared to EUR23.4 million in the same period last year.Other revenues included advisory fees of EUR340 000 related to a successful advisory transaction aimed at listing on the Euronext Growth Milan market.Giovanni Natali - managing director of 4AIM SICAF - commented  ""Our outlook regarding EGM  although interlocutory  is imported to an increasingly cautious optimism and we are very satisfied with the listing of Cube Labs in which 4AIM acted as financial advisor.""4AIM SICAF closed Monday's session in the green by 0.3 percent at EUR174.00 per share.By Maurizio Carta  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",negative,0.0,0.18,0.81,mixed,0.49,0.01,0.5,True,English,"['first-quarter loss', 'sales rise', '4AIM', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Alliance News reporter', 'investment management result', 'quarterly financial report', 'successful advisory transaction', 'EUR1.9 million loss', '4AIM SICAF Spa', 'advisory fees', 'financial advisor', 'same period', 'Portfolio 1 MTF', 'Portfolio 2 Crowdfunding', 'Consolidated revenues', 'Other revenues', 'Giovanni Natali', 'managing director', 'cautious optimism', 'Cube Labs', 'Maurizio Carta', 'board', 'directors', 'Monday', 'March', 'EGM', 'listing', 'session', 'green', '0.3 percent', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24883,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VINCI-4725/news/Issue-of-new-VINCI-shares-reserved-for-the-employees-of-foreign-subsidiaries-of-VINCI-in-the-conte-43850544/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Issue of new VINCI shares reserved for the employees of foreign subsidiaries of VINCI in the context of the international Group savings plan,(marketscreener.com) A French public limited company with capital of €1 476 302 545.00Registered office: 1973  boulevard de la Défense – 92000 NanterreRegistered number: 552 037 806 RCS Nanterrewww.vinci.comShareholder relations department: actionnaires@vinci…,"A French public limited company (société anonyme) with capital of €1 476 302 545.00Registered office: 1973  boulevard de la Défense – 92000 NanterreRegistered number: 552 037 806 RCS Nanterrewww.vinci.comShareholder relations department: actionnaires@vinci.com____________________________________________Issue of new VINCI sharesreserved for the employees of foreign subsidiaries of VINCIin the context of the international Group savings planIn its seventeenth resolution  the Combined Shareholders’ General Meeting of 12 April 2022 delegated to the Board of Directors  for a period of 18 months expiring on 11 October 2023  its authority to carry out capital increases reserved for the employees of certain foreign subsidiaries of the Group.At its meeting on 19 October 2022  VINCI’s Board of Directors thus set the terms of a capital increase reserved for the employees of VINCI subsidiaries located in Germany  Australia  Austria  Bahrain  Belgium  Brazil  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Chile  Colombia  Côte d’Ivoire  Denmark  United Arab Emirates  Spain  Estonia  United States  Finland  Greece  Hong-Kong  Hungary  Indonesia  Ireland  Italy  Latvia  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Morocco  Mexico  Norway  New Zealand  Netherlands  Peru  Poland  Portugal  Dominican Republic  Czech Republic  Romania  Senegal  Serbia  Singapore  Slovakia  Sweden and Switzerland.The Board of Directors has delegated full powers to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  in particular to set the opening and closing dates of the subscription periods in the countries concerned  and to set the subscription price of the new shares within the framework defined by the Shareholders’ General Meeting.In his decision of 12 May 2023  VINCI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer decided that the subscription period would run  in all the countries concerned  from Monday 15 May 2023 to Friday 2 June 2023.In his decision dated 12 May 2023  VINCI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer set the issue price of the new shares which is equal to the average price of the VINCI shares prices quoted on the regulated market of Euronext Paris SA on the basis of the vwap (volume-weighted average price) during the 20 trading sessions preceding 15 May 2023  i.e. €109.73 per new share to be issued.The maximum number of shares that may be issued and the total amount of the issue will depend on the level of employees’ subscriptions.The maximum number of new shares to be issued may not exceed the limit set by the Shareholders’ General Meeting of 12 April 2022 in its seventeenth resolution and  if this limit is insufficient  by that set by the General Meeting of Shareholders of 13 April 2023 in its twenty-third resolution. The total number of new shares that may be issued on the basis of the seventeenth resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting of 12 April 2022 and on the basis of the sixteenth resolution of the same Shareholders’ Meeting in favor of employee shareholding in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-138-1 and seq. of the French Commercial Code and L. 3332-1 and seq. of the French Labour Code may not exceed 1.5% of the number of shares comprising the authorized share capital at the time the Board makes its decision.The new VINCI shares to be issued1 will be subscribed by employees in July 2023 through the ""Castor International Relais 2023"" FCPE  except in the United States  Chile  Greece  Italy and Poland where they will be subscribed by employees directly.The admission of these new shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris will be requested immediately after their issue.The subscribed shares will be frozen for 3 years from the date of the capital increase (except in specific cases of early release).Subject to this reservation  these ordinary shares will not be subject to any restrictions  and will carry dividend rights from 1 January 2023.** **Nanterre  12 May 20231 Up to the total amount of employee contributionsAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['international Group savings plan', 'new VINCI shares', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'Issue', 'employees', 'context', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'French public limited company', 'international Group savings plan', 'Combined Shareholders’ General Meeting', 'la Défense', 'Castor International Relais', 'French Commercial Code', 'French Labour Code', 'société anonyme', 'Shareholder relations department', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'employee contributions Attachment', 'United Arab Emirates', 'same Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'volume-weighted average price', 'authorized share capital', 'VINCI shares prices', 'new VINCI shares', 'new share', 'employee shareholding', 'United States', 'subscription price', 'New Zealand', 'Registered office', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'seventeenth resolution', 'capital increases', 'Dominican Republic', 'Czech Republic', 'full powers', 'closing dates', 'subscription periods', 'Friday 2 June', 'regulated market', '20 trading sessions', 'total amount', 'twenty-third resolution', 'sixteenth resolution', 'specific cases', 'early release', 'ordinary shares', 'Registered number', 'maximum number', 'total number', 'VINCI subsidiaries', 'issue price', 'RCS Nanterre', 'The Board', 'Monday 15 May', 'employees’ subscriptions', '12 May', 'boulevard', 'actionnaires', 'context', '12 April', 'Directors', '18 months', '11 October', 'authority', '19 October', 'terms', 'Germany', 'Australia', 'Austria', 'Bahrain', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Cambodia', 'Cameroon', 'Canada', 'Chile', 'Colombia', 'Denmark', 'Spain', 'Estonia', 'Finland', 'Greece', 'Hong-Kong', 'Hungary', 'Indonesia', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Latvia', 'Lithuania', 'Luxembourg', 'Malaysia', 'Morocco', 'Mexico', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Peru', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Romania', 'Senegal', 'Serbia', 'Singapore', 'Slovakia', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Chairman', 'opening', 'countries', 'framework', 'decision', 'basis', 'vwap', 'level', '13 April', 'favor', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'L.', 'time', 'July', 'FCPE', '3 years', 'reservation', 'restrictions', 'rights', '1 January']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24884,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAM-INVESTMENTS-SPAC-B-V-124844122/news/VAM-Investments-SPAC-B-AGM-27-June-2023-ndash-Notice-43857159/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,VAM Investments SPAC B : AGM 27 June 2023 – Notice,(marketscreener.com)    Convocation notice of the annual general meeting of shareholders of VAM Investments SPAC B.V.   By way of this convocation notice  the board of directors of VAM Investments SPAC B.V. invites its shareholders to the annual general…,"General informationThe AGM is to be held at Sheraton Amsterdam Airport Hotel and Conference Center  Schiphol Boulevard 101  1118 BG Amsterdam on 27 June 2023  at 15:00 CEST.Meeting documentsThe agenda  explanatory notes thereto and the Annual Report 2022 (including the financial statements  management report  remuneration report and other information as referred to in Section 2:392 (1) of the Dutch Civil Code) as well as the other meeting documents are available on the Company's website (www.vaminvestments-spac.com). These documents are also available for inspection at the registered office of the Company (Via Manzoni 3  20121 Milan  Italy).Admission to AGMPersons who hold shares in the capital of the Company on 30 May 2023 after close of trading on Euronext Amsterdam  the regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (the ""Record Date"")  who are registered as such in one of the (sub)registers designated by the Board  are entitled to attend and speak at the AGM  provided that on such Record Date they have the right to attend and to speak at general meetings of the Company within the meaning of Section 2:227 of the Dutch Civil Code. Changes in shareholdings after the Record Date have no influence as far as entitlement to attend the AGM is concerned. The designated (sub)registers are the administration records of the intermediaries within the meaning of the Securities Giro Act (Wet Giraal Effectenverkeer) and the shareholders' register of the Company.Holders of book-entryshares who wish to attend the AGM must register with ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (via www.abnamro.com/evoting) as from the Record Date and by no later than 20 June 2023  17:00 hours CEST.The intermediaries must issue an electronic statement to ABN AMRO Bank N.V. at the latest on 21 June 2023 by 13:00 hours CEST via www.abnamro.com/intermediarystating the number of shares that the shareholder holds at the Record Date and submitted for registration.Holders of registered shares will be approached by the Company individually. A written notification to attend the AGM must be received by the Company by email to (info@vaminvestments-spac.com) by no later than 30 May 2023  17:00 hours CEST.Exercise of voting rights in the AGMHolders of book-entryshares who wish to participate in the voting process in the AGM can render their voting instructions electronically to ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (via www.abnamro.com/evoting) as from the Record Date and by no later than 20 June 2023  17:00 hours CEST. By doing so  voting instructions are given to G.M. Portier  civil law notary in Amsterdam  the Netherlands  or his deputy or successor (the ""Notary"")  to cast a vote at the AGM in accordance with the instructions given.Holders of both book-entry shares and registered shares may issue a written power of attorney to the Notary in the form available on the Company's website. The completed power of attorney must be sent to ABN AMRO  either by email (AVA@nl.abnamro.com) or by mail (ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  Attn: Corporate Broking (HQ7212)  Gustav Mahlerlaan 10  1082 PP Amsterdam  the Netherlands)  and must be in the possession of ABN AMRO Bank N.V. by no later than 20 June 2023  17:00 hours CEST.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['VAM Investments SPAC', 'AGM', 'June', 'Notice', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Sheraton Amsterdam Airport Hotel', 'Dutch Civil Code', 'Securities Giro Act', 'Wet Giraal Effectenverkeer', 'G.M. Portier', 'civil law notary', 'other meeting documents', '1118 BG Amsterdam', 'other information', '1082 PP Amsterdam', 'General information', 'Conference Center', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'explanatory notes', 'Annual Report', 'financial statements', 'management report', 'remuneration report', 'registered office', 'Via Manzoni', 'Record Date', 'general meetings', 'administration records', ""shareholders' register"", 'electronic statement', 'voting rights', 'voting process', 'Gustav Mahlerlaan', 'voting instructions', 'registered shares', 'book-entry shares', 'The AGM', 'written power', '27 June', '15:00 CEST', 'agenda', 'Section', 'Company', 'website', 'spac', 'inspection', '20121 Milan', 'Italy', 'Admission', 'Persons', 'capital', '30 May', 'close', 'trading', 'market', 'Board', 'meaning', 'Changes', 'shareholdings', 'influence', 'entitlement', 'intermediaries', 'book-entryshares', 'abnamro', '20 June', '17:00 hours', '21 June', '13:00 hours', 'number', 'registration', 'notification', 'email', 'vaminvestments', 'Exercise', 'Netherlands', 'deputy', 'successor', 'vote', 'accordance', 'attorney', 'Attn', 'Corporate', 'possession']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24885,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668370/0/en/Issue-of-new-VINCI-shares-reserved-for-the-employees-of-foreign-subsidiaries-of-VINCI-in-the-context-of-the-international-Group-savings-plan.html,Issue of new VINCI shares reserved for the employees of foreign subsidiaries of VINCI in the context of the international Group savings plan,A French public limited company (société anonyme) with capital of €1 476 302 545.00Registered office: 1973  boulevard de la Défense – 92000 NanterreRegistered number: 552 037 806 RCS Nanterrewww.vinci.comShareholder relations department: actionnaires@vinci.co…,"English FrenchA French public limited company (société anonyme) with capital of €1 476 302 545.00Registered office: 1973  boulevard de la Défense – 92000 NanterreRegistered number: 552 037 806 RCS Nanterrewww.vinci.comShareholder relations department: actionnaires@vinci.com____________________________________________Issue of new VINCI sharesreserved for the employees of foreign subsidiaries of VINCIin the context of the international Group savings planIn its seventeenth resolution  the Combined Shareholders’ General Meeting of 12 April 2022 delegated to the Board of Directors  for a period of 18 months expiring on 11 October 2023  its authority to carry out capital increases reserved for the employees of certain foreign subsidiaries of the Group.At its meeting on 19 October 2022  VINCI’s Board of Directors thus set the terms of a capital increase reserved for the employees of VINCI subsidiaries located in Germany  Australia  Austria  Bahrain  Belgium  Brazil  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Chile  Colombia  Côte d’Ivoire  Denmark  United Arab Emirates  Spain  Estonia  United States  Finland  Greece  Hong-Kong  Hungary  Indonesia  Ireland  Italy  Latvia  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Morocco  Mexico  Norway  New Zealand  Netherlands  Peru  Poland  Portugal  Dominican Republic  Czech Republic  Romania  Senegal  Serbia  Singapore  Slovakia  Sweden and Switzerland.The Board of Directors has delegated full powers to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  in particular to set the opening and closing dates of the subscription periods in the countries concerned  and to set the subscription price of the new shares within the framework defined by the Shareholders’ General Meeting.In his decision of 12 May 2023  VINCI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer decided that the subscription period would run  in all the countries concerned  from Monday 15 May 2023 to Friday 2 June 2023.In his decision dated 12 May 2023  VINCI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer set the issue price of the new shares which is equal to the average price of the VINCI shares prices quoted on the regulated market of Euronext Paris SA on the basis of the vwap (volume-weighted average price) during the 20 trading sessions preceding 15 May 2023  i.e. €109.73 per new share to be issued.The maximum number of shares that may be issued and the total amount of the issue will depend on the level of employees’ subscriptions.The maximum number of new shares to be issued may not exceed the limit set by the Shareholders’ General Meeting of 12 April 2022 in its seventeenth resolution and  if this limit is insufficient  by that set by the General Meeting of Shareholders of 13 April 2023 in its twenty-third resolution. The total number of new shares that may be issued on the basis of the seventeenth resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting of 12 April 2022 and on the basis of the sixteenth resolution of the same Shareholders’ Meeting in favor of employee shareholding in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-138-1 and seq. of the French Commercial Code and L. 3332-1 and seq. of the French Labour Code may not exceed 1.5% of the number of shares comprising the authorized share capital at the time the Board makes its decision.The new VINCI shares to be issued1 will be subscribed by employees in July 2023 through the ""Castor International Relais 2023"" FCPE  except in the United States  Chile  Greece  Italy and Poland where they will be subscribed by employees directly.The admission of these new shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris will be requested immediately after their issue.The subscribed shares will be frozen for 3 years from the date of the capital increase (except in specific cases of early release).Subject to this reservation  these ordinary shares will not be subject to any restrictions  and will carry dividend rights from 1 January 2023.** **Nanterre  12 May 20231 Up to the total amount of employee contributionsAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['international Group savings plan', 'new VINCI shares', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'Issue', 'employees', 'context', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'French public limited company', 'international Group savings plan', 'Combined Shareholders’ General Meeting', 'la Défense', 'Castor International Relais', 'société anonyme', 'Shareholder relations department', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'French Commercial Code', 'French Labour Code', 'employee contributions Attachment', 'United Arab Emirates', 'same Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'volume-weighted average price', 'authorized share capital', 'VINCI shares prices', 'new VINCI shares', 'English French', 'new share', 'employee shareholding', 'United States', 'subscription price', 'New Zealand', 'Registered office', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'seventeenth resolution', 'capital increases', 'Dominican Republic', 'Czech Republic', 'full powers', 'closing dates', 'subscription periods', 'Friday 2 June', 'regulated market', '20 trading sessions', 'total amount', 'twenty-third resolution', 'sixteenth resolution', 'specific cases', 'early release', 'ordinary shares', 'Registered number', 'maximum number', 'total number', 'VINCI subsidiaries', 'issue price', 'RCS Nanterre', 'The Board', 'Monday 15 May', 'employees’ subscriptions', '92000 Nanterre', '12 May', 'boulevard', 'actionnaires', 'context', '12 April', 'Directors', '18 months', '11 October', 'authority', '19 October', 'terms', 'Germany', 'Australia', 'Austria', 'Bahrain', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Cambodia', 'Cameroon', 'Canada', 'Chile', 'Colombia', 'Denmark', 'Spain', 'Estonia', 'Finland', 'Greece', 'Hong-Kong', 'Hungary', 'Indonesia', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Latvia', 'Lithuania', 'Luxembourg', 'Malaysia', 'Morocco', 'Mexico', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Peru', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Romania', 'Senegal', 'Serbia', 'Singapore', 'Slovakia', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Chairman', 'opening', 'countries', 'framework', 'decision', 'basis', 'vwap', 'level', '13 April', 'favor', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'L.', 'time', 'July', 'FCPE', '3 years', 'reservation', 'restrictions', 'rights', '1 January']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Experts-to-Share-Financial-Risk-Insights-With-Vietnam-s-Regulatory-Leaders-43849908/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Wolters Kluwer Experts to Share Financial Risk Insights With Vietnam's Regulatory Leaders,(marketscreener.com) Wolters Kluwer Finance  Risk & Regulatory Reporting will offer perspectives on bank risk-based performance and commercial outcomeshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Experts-to-Share-Finan…,Wolters Kluwer Finance  Risk & Regulatory Reporting will offer perspectives on bank risk-based performance and commercial outcomesExperts from Wolters Kluwer Finance  Risk & Regulatory Reporting (FRR) will offer insights at the “Transforming and Improving Financial Risk Management with International Principles and Standards” event taking place on Tuesday  May 16  at the Melia Hotel in Hanoi. The conference is co-hosted by leadership from Vietnam’s Central Economic Commission  along with leadership from the State Bank of Vietnam. Wolters Kluwer and IEC Group are co-organizers of the conference.Wolters Kluwer’s Aman Sharma  Associate Director  Technology Sales Support  and Hai Trung Le  Technology Sales Support Manager  will present a session titled “How ALM and Treasury Can Help Drive Risk-based Performance and Commercial Outcomes: Lessons Learned from the Banking Crisis.”Attendees will learn about applying international risk management standards and challenges for banks and recommendations for completing the legal framework on credit risk management in Vietnam. The conference will also explore trends in digital technology applications to improve efficiency and reducing risks.Wolters Kluwer FRR  which is part of the company’s Corporate Performance & ESG division  is a global market leader in the provision of integrated regulatory compliance and reporting solutions. It supports regulated financial institutions in meeting their obligations to external regulators and their own board of directors.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in Health  Tax and Accounting  Financial Corporate Compliance  Legal & Regulatory  and Corporate Performance & ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230514005033/en/,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.45,0.14,0.41,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Experts', 'Financial Risk Insights', 'Regulatory Leaders', 'Vietnam', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Technology Sales Support Manager', 'Improving Financial Risk Management', 'international risk management standards', 'credit risk management', 'Central Economic Commission', 'Hai Trung Le', 'digital technology applications', 'deep domain knowledge', 'regulated financial institutions', 'global market leader', 'Wolters Kluwer Finance', 'integrated regulatory compliance', 'bank risk-based performance', 'Wolters Kluwer FRR', 'International Principles', 'global leader', 'specialized technology', 'State Bank', 'Corporate Compliance', 'Corporate Performance', 'Regulatory Reporting', 'commercial outcomes', 'Melia Hotel', 'Aman Sharma', 'Associate Director', 'Banking Crisis', 'reporting solutions', 'external regulators', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'IEC Group', 'legal framework', 'ESG division', 'perspectives', 'Experts', 'insights', 'Transforming', 'event', 'place', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'Hanoi', 'conference', 'leadership', 'Vietnam', 'organizers', 'session', 'ALM', 'Treasury', 'Lessons', 'Attendees', 'challenges', 'banks', 'recommendations', 'trends', 'efficiency', 'risks', 'part', 'company', 'provision', 'obligations', 'board', 'directors', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'services', 'professionals', 'Health', 'Tax', 'Accounting', 'customers', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SIGNIFY-N-V-27862555/news/Signify-N-WiZ-launches-a-new-home-monitoring-technology-for-ultimate-peace-of-mind-43855913/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Signify N : WiZ launches a new home monitoring technology for ultimate peace of mind,(marketscreener.com)   Eindhoven  the Netherlands -Signify   the world leader in lighting  is launching new home monitoring technology and software features to complement its WiZ smart lighting system  pairing lighting and security in a simple  smart and se…,Eindhoven  the Netherlands -Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  is launching new home monitoring technology and software features to complement its WiZ smart lighting system  pairing lighting and security in a simple  smart and secure way. The new WiZ indoor camera combines with software updates on the WiZ app  WiZ lights and SpaceSense motion detection technology to create an integrated solution that give users peace of mind when away from home.Using the power of light and motion detection to deter intrudersWiZ integrates home monitoring features in its smart lighting system  taking advantage of the fact that lights are found throughout the home and can be one of the most effective tools to discourage potential intruders. With a seamless user experience in mind  the WiZ app is optimized with intuitive features  such as customizable monitoring routines  allowing users to both control their lighting and monitor their home with a single tap in the app. They simply click on their desired routine to let the WiZ system know they are going away and activate a set of lighting behaviors to help secure their home.The WiZ app can now also notify users of unexpected activity in their home  allowing them to take immediate action. With SpaceSense motion detection technology  every compatible WiZ light is a motion sensor that detects movement in the coverage area. The award-winning technology makes the WiZ smart ecosystem one of the most comprehensive  and when combined with the new WiZ indoor camera  the system provides full coverage for the entire home. Consumers can activate WiZ monitoring for the entire home or for certain areas only and can quickly turn it off when necessary.WiZ lights can also be automated with presence simulation: they will turn on and off automatically to simulate the presence of somebody at home. Users can decide how the lights will react when motion is detected: turn on to full brightness  flash  or display vibrant colors  for example.,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['new home monitoring technology', 'Signify N', 'ultimate peace', 'WiZ', 'mind', 'new WiZ indoor camera', 'SpaceSense motion detection technology', 'new home monitoring technology', 'WiZ smart lighting system', 'customizable monitoring routines', 'seamless user experience', 'WiZ smart ecosystem', 'The WiZ app', 'home monitoring features', 'compatible WiZ light', 'award-winning technology', 'WiZ system', 'simple, smart', 'motion sensor', 'software features', 'intuitive features', 'WiZ lights', 'world leader', 'secure way', 'software updates', 'integrated solution', 'effective tools', 'single tap', 'lighting behaviors', 'unexpected activity', 'immediate action', 'coverage area', 'full coverage', 'full brightness', 'vibrant colors', 'entire home', 'potential intruders', 'presence simulation', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'security', 'users', 'peace', 'mind', 'power', 'advantage', 'fact', 'set', 'movement', 'Consumers', 'areas', 'somebody', 'flash', 'example']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-ECONOCOM-Treasury-shares-43856452/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Econocom Group Se :  ECONOCOM: Treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION15 May 2023Treasury sharesAs part of the treasury shares buybacks approved by the general meeting of shareholders on 30 November 2021  Econocom Group SE carried out  on 12/05/2023  a transaction to…,"Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION15 May 2023Treasury sharesAs part of the treasury shares buybacks approved by the general meeting of shareholders on 30 November 2021  Econocom Group SE carried out  on 12/05/2023  a transaction to buyback the Econocom Group shares previously held by an indirect subsidiary  Econocom Digital Finance Limited (EDFL):Date Negotiation method Transactions Quantities Averageprice(€) Minimumprice(€) Maximumprice(€) 12/05/2023 Non Stock Exchange Purchase 6 782 703 3.0250 3.0250 3.0250 Total 6 782 703On 15 May 2023  Econocom Group SE held 44 784 081 Econocom Group shares out of a total number of 222 929 980 securities issued  amounting to 20.09% of the firm's securities.No indirect subsidiaries of Econocom Group SE hold Econocom Group shares anymore.All press releases about the treasury shares buyback programme are published in the section ‘Regulated Information – Treasury Shares Buyback' on the financial part of Econocom's website.ABOUT ECONOCOMEconocom is a digital general contractor (DGC). The group conceives  finances and facilitates the digital transformation of large firms and public organisations. It has 50 years' experience and is the only market player offering versatile expertise through a combination of project financing  equipment distribution and digital services. The group operates in 16 countries  with over 8 750 employees. It made €2 718m in revenue in 2022. Econocom is listed on Euronext in Brussels  on the BEL Mid and Family Business indexes.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comFollow us on LinkedIn and TwitterInvestor and shareholder relations contact:benhjamin.pehau@econocom.comPress relations contact:info@capvalue.frTel. +33 (0)1 80 81 50 01This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m5xvYppqaGuay51vYZ1ubGJpa2hhw2eVZ5Oel2luZ5ucaHKSnJdlZ8aWZnFhlWVv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Transaction in own shares (aggregate version) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80009-cp-rachat-d_actions-propres-2023-05-15_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Treasury shares', 'Econocom Group', 'Date Negotiation method Transactions Quantities Average price', 'Non Stock Exchange Purchase', 'Econocom Digital Finance Limited', 'treasury shares buyback programme', 'Family Business indexes', 'shareholder relations contact', 'Press relations contact', 'treasury shares buybacks', 'digital general contractor', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'Econocom Group SE', 'Econocom Group shares', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'digital transformation', 'digital services', 'general meeting', 'indirect subsidiary', 'total number', 'indirect subsidiaries', 'large firms', 'public organisations', ""50 years' experience"", 'market player', 'versatile expertise', 'project financing', 'equipment distribution', 'BEL Mid', 'aggregate version', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'financial part', 'May', 'shareholders', '30 November', '12/05', 'EDFL', '222,929,980 securities', 'section', 'website', 'DGC', 'finances', 'combination', '16 countries', '8,750 employees', 'revenue', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'MORE', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Investor', 'capvalue', 'Tel.', 'publication', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'issuer', 'Full', 'PDF', 'propres', 'email', 'company']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-43857100/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – 15 May 2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from 8 May to 12 May 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s ann…,Press ReleaseParis – 15 May 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 8 May to 12 May 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 30 June 2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-05-08 SELL 17 9 750000 165 75 XAMS 2023-05-09 BUY 50 9 700000 485 00 XAMS 2023-05-11 BUY 187 9 566578 1 788 95 XAMS 2023-05-11 SELL 20 9 600000 192 00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '15 May', 'shares', '8 May', '12 May', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '30 June', 'Number', 'SELL', 'XAMS', 'BUY', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TINEXTA-S-P-A-16860993/news/Tinexta-S-p-A-Information-regarding-Share-Purchase-Program-Buy-Back--43850616/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Tinexta S p A : Information regarding Share Purchase Program ('Buy Back'),(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Periodic Information regarding Share Repurchase Program    Rome  15th May 2023. Regarding the Share Repurchase Program approved by the Shareholders' Meeting on 21 April 2023 and the initiation of which was author…,"PRESS RELEASEPeriodic Information regarding Share Repurchase Program (""Buy- Back"")Rome  15th May 2023. Regarding the Share Repurchase Program approved by the Shareholders' Meeting on 21 April 2023 and the initiation of which was authorized by the Board of Directors on 10 May 2023 (""Buyback"")  as communicated to the market on the same date also under Article 144-bis of the Consob Regulation No. 11971/1999  Tinexta S.p.A. (the ""Company"") communicates - under and for the effects of Art. 5 of EU Regulation 596/2014  and Article 2  Paragraph 3 of EU Delegated Regulation n. 2016/1052 of the EU Commission of 8 March 2016 - to have provided for the purchase on the Euronext Milan regulated market (MIC: MTAA)  STAR Segment  between May  8th 2023 and up to and including May  12th 2023 a total of 22 802 Own Shares (CODE ISIN: IT0005037210) at a unitary average price of € 18.34523 for a total value of € 418 307.86.The purchases were made through the intermediary responsible for the implementation of the Buy- back program  Intesa Sanpaolo (code LEI 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08).Restating what has already been communicated to the market on 10 May 2023  the purchases  have the main purpose of permitting the execution of the ""Stock Option Plan 2020-2022""  the ""Stock Option Plan 2021-2023"" and the ""Stock Option Plan 2023-25"" (each one the ""Plan"" and together the ""Plans""). The Board reserves the right to allocate the Shares object of the Buyback to the additional purposes approved by the Meeting of 21 April 2023.Based on the information provided by the above-mentioned delegated intermediary  the following is a summary of the purchase transactions made on the Electronic Stock Market on a daily basis in aggregate and  in the Annex  in detail:Date Number of Common Average Price (€) Countervalue (€) Shares Purchased 08/05/2023 - - - 09/05/2023 - - - 10/05/2023 5 000 18.37207 91 860.35 11/05/2023 15 200 18.33900 278 752.80 12/05/2023 2 602 18.33002 47 694.71 Totale 22 802 18.34523 418 307.86As a result of the purchases announced today  Tinexta S.p.A. holds 1 750 247 Own Shares  equal to 3.708% of the current Share Capital.1",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Share Purchase Program', 'Tinexta S', 'Information', 'Tinexta S.p.A.', 'Share Repurchase Program', 'unitary average price', 'Buy- back program', 'Common Average Price', 'current Share Capital', 'Stock Option Plan', 'EU Delegated Regulation', 'Electronic Stock Market', 'EU Regulation', 'Consob Regulation', 'EU Commission', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'same date', 'Euronext Milan', 'Intesa Sanpaolo', 'main purpose', 'additional purposes', 'daily basis', 'Date Number', '22,802 Own Shares', 'Shares object', '1,750,247 Own Shares', 'Periodic Information', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'total value', 'The Board', 'purchase transactions', '15th May', '10 May', 'Rome', '21 April', 'initiation', 'Directors', 'Buyback', 'Article', 'Company', 'effects', 'Art.', 'Paragraph', '8 March', 'MIC', 'MTAA', 'Segment', 'CODE', 'ISIN', 'purchases', 'intermediary', 'implementation', 'LEI', 'execution', 'Plans', 'right', 'summary', 'aggregate', 'Annex', 'detail', 'Countervalue', 'result']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELYAD-ONCOLOGY-SA-22619605/news/Celyad-Oncology-announces-receipt-of-Nasdaq-delisting-notice-43857666/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Celyad Oncology announces receipt of Nasdaq delisting notice,(marketscreener.com) MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  May 15  2023 -- Celyad Oncology   is a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapies. The Company had previously announced on April 4th  2023  that The…,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  May 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  is a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies.The Company had previously announced on April 4th  2023  that The Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) notified the Company on March 31st  2023 that it failed to maintain the continued listing requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(A) for the Nasdaq Global Market  which requires that a listed company’s stockholders’ equity be at least $10.0 million. Further  on April 19th  2023  as announced by the Company on April 24th  2023  the Company received a notice from Nasdaq informing the Company that the minimum closing bid price per share of its American Depositary Shares representing ordinary shares (“ADSs”) was below $1.00 for a period of 30 consecutive business days and that the Company did not meet the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). On May 5th  2023  the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved the voluntary delisting of its ADSs from the Nasdaq Global Market.On May 10th  2023  the Company received a notification letter from Nasdaq (the “Notice”)  advising the Company that its ADSs are scheduled for delisting from The Nasdaq Global Market and will be suspended at the opening of U.S. business on May 19th  2023. The Notice stated that Nasdaq has determined that the Company did not provide a definitive plan evidencing its ability to achieve near term compliance with the continued listing requirements or sustain such compliance over an extended period of time. The Company does not intend to appeal Nasdaq’s determination and  therefore  it is expected that the Company’s ADSs will be delisted from the Nasdaq Global Market on May 19th  2023. A Form 25-NSE will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)  which will remove the Company’s ADSs from listing on Nasdaq. The Company will continue to be listed on Euronext Brussels. Whether or not the Company’s ADSs will be traded on the over-the-counter market thereafter will depend on the actions of shareholders and independent third parties  without the Company’s involvement.The Company’s reporting obligations under applicable U.S. federal securities laws are expected to continue after the delisting from the Nasdaq Global Market.Additional Information for ADS HoldersOn May 5th  2023  the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved the termination of its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) facility and that it will instruct Citibank  N.A.  as depositary  to issue the notice of termination of its ADR facility to holders of ADSs according to the requirements under the depositary agreement. At this time  such notice has not been issued and the Company’s ADR facility remains in place until further notice. The Company intends to release further information on its ADR facility at a later date.The Company reserves the right  for any reason  to otherwise change its plans in respect of termination of the ADR facility in any way.About Celyad OncologyCelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Forward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company’s updated strategic business model  including associated potential benefits  transactions and partnerships  statements regarding the potential value of the Company’s IP  and statements regarding the delisting from Nasdaq. The words “will ” “believe ” “potential ” “continue ” “target ” “project ” “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; the Company’s ability to enforce its patents and other IP rights; the possibility that the Company may infringe on the patents or IP rights of others and be required to defend against patent or other IP rights suits; the possibility that the Company may not successfully defend itself against claims of patent infringement or other IP rights suits  which could result in substantial claims for damages against the Company; the possibility that the Company may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce its patents  which could be expensive  time-consuming  and unsuccessful; the Company’s ability to protect its IP rights throughout the world; the potential for patents held by the Company to be found invalid or unenforceable; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Celyad Oncology Contacts:,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.2,0.44,True,English,"['Nasdaq delisting notice', 'Celyad Oncology', 'receipt', 'applicable U.S. federal securities laws', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor', 'minimum closing bid price', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'next-generation CAR T candidates', 'applicable securities laws', 'U.S. Securities', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market', 'U.S. business', 'The Nasdaq Global Market', 'CAR) T-cell therapies', 'continued listing requirement', '30 consecutive business days', 'independent third parties', 'proprietary technology platforms', 'strategic business model', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'near term compliance', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'counter market', 'ordinary shares', 'depositary agreement', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Celyad Oncology', 'stockholders’ equity', 'notification letter', 'definitive plan', 'Form 25-NSE', 'Exchange Commission', 'reporting obligations', 'ADR”) facility', 'N.A.', 'ADR facility', 'later date', 'true potential', 'intellectual property', 'solid tumors', 'hematological malignancies', 'New York', 'potential benefits', 'potential value', 'similar expressions', 'important factors', 'actual events', 'financial condition', 'material uncertainty', 'going concern', 'expected benefits', 'The Company', 'Forward-looking statements', 'unknown risks', 'Such risks', 'extended period', 'Euronext Brussels', 'ADS Holders', 'identifying words', 'current expectations', 'voluntary delisting', 'Additional Information', 'biotechnology company', 'requirements', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'CYAD', 'April', 'March', 'notice', 'ADSs', 'May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'opening', 'ability', 'time', 'determination', 'actions', 'shareholders', 'involvement', 'Citibank', 'place', 'right', 'reason', 'plans', 'respect', 'way', 'opportunities', 'development', 'release', 'meaning', 'limitation', 'beliefs', 'associated', 'partnerships', 'target', 'project', 'management', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'results', 'performance', 'achievements']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668756/0/en/International-companies-to-host-live-webcasts-at-Deutsche-Bank-s-Depositary-Receipts-Virtual-Investor-Conference-on-May-16th-and-17th-2023.html,International companies to host live webcasts at Deutsche Bank’s Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference on May 16th and 17th  2023,NEW YORK  May 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Deutsche Bank today announced the lineup for its Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference (“dbVIC”) on Tuesday May 16th and Wednesday  May 17th  featuring live webcast presentations from international companie…,"NEW YORK  May 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Deutsche Bank today announced the lineup for its Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference (“dbVIC”) on Tuesday May 16th and Wednesday  May 17th  featuring live webcast presentations from international companies with American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programs in the US.Representatives from participating companies based in Australia  China  Denmark  France  Germany  Hong Kong  Netherlands  South Africa  Switzerland  and United Kingdom will respond to questions during formal presentations and will also interact with investors via virtual trade booths. The conference is targeted to all categories of investors and analysts interested in non-US companies.There is no fee for participants to log in  attend live presentations and/or ask questions.Please register via this link: www.adr.db.com/dbvicPre-registration is suggested.May 16 Agenda (US Eastern Time):8:00 AM: Hywin Holdings Ltd (Nasdaq: HYW)8:30 AM: Yiren Digital Ltd (NYSE: YRD)9:00 AM: HUTCHMED (China) Ltd (HKEX:13  NASDAQ: HCM)10:00 AM: Bavarian Nordic A/S (CPH: BAVA  OTC: BVNRY)10:30 AM: Swiss Re Ltd (SIX: SREN  OTC: SSREY)11:30AM: Travis Perkins Plc (LSE: TPK  OTC: TPRKY)May 17 Agenda (US Eastern Time):8:00 AM: First Pacific Company Limited (HKEX: 142  OTC: FPAFY)8:30 AM: Ipsen S.A. (Euronext Paris: IPN  OTC: IPSEY)9:00 AM: Vection Technologies Ltd (ASX: VR1  OTC: VCTNY)10:00 AM: KPN (Euronext Amsterdam: KPN  OTC: KKPNY)10:30 AM: Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited (JSE: HAR  NYSE: HMY)11:00 AM: Brambles Limited (ASX: BXB  OTC: BXBLY)11:30 AM: ThyssenKrupp AG (FRA: TKA  OTC: TKAMY)The presentations will be available for replay after the Conference.In addition to specializing in administering cross-border equity structures such as American and Global Depositary Receipts  Deutsche Bank provides corporates  financial institutions  hedge funds and supranational agencies around the world with trustee  agency  escrow and related services. The Bank offers a broad range of services for diverse products  from complex securitizations and project finance to syndicated loans  debt exchanges and restructurings.For further information  please contactDylan RiddleDeutsche Bank AGPress & Media RelationsTel. +12122504982Cell. +1(904)3866481Email dylan.riddle@db.comDeutsche Bank provides commercial and investment banking  retail banking  transaction banking and asset and wealth management products and services to corporations  governments  institutional investors  small and medium-sized businesses  and private individuals. Deutsche Bank is Germany’s leading bank  with a strong position in Europe and a significant presence in the Americas and Asia Pacific.Deutsche Bank is sponsoring the Deutsche Bank Depositary Receipt Investor Conference solely for informational purposes. Deutsche Bank does not prepare  review  approve or edit any presentations  statements  documents or other information or materials  whether in written  electronic or verbal form  provided by any company participating in such conference  and disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy or adequacy of any such information or materials. Deutsche Bank is not promoting  endorsing or recommending any company participating in the conference.The Depositary Receipts have been registered pursuant to the US Securities Act of 1933 (the ""Act""). The investment or investment service which is the subject of this notice is not available to retail clients as defined by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. This notice has been approved and/or communicated by Deutsche Bank AG New York. The services described in this notice are provided by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (Deutsche Bank) or by its subsidiaries and/or affiliates in accordance with appropriate local registration and regulation. Deutsche Bank is providing the attached notice strictly for information purposes and makes no claims or statement  nor does it warrant or in any way represent  as to the accuracy or completeness of the details contained herein or therein. This announcement appears as a matter of record only. Neither this announcement nor the information contained herein constitutes an offer or solicitation by Deutsche Bank or any other issuer or entity for the purchase or sale of any securities nor does it constitute a solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction where solicitation would be unlawful. No part of this notice may be copied or reproduced in any way without the prior written consent of Deutsche Bank. Past results are not an indication of future performance. Copyright© May 2023 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Virtual Investor Conference', 'International companies', 'live webcasts', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Depositary Receipts', 'May', 'Deutsche Bank Depositary Receipt Investor Conference', 'Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited', 'Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference', 'Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas', 'Deutsche Bank AG New York', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'First Pacific Company Limited', 'Global Depositary Receipts', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'The Depositary Receipts', 'virtual trade booths', 'Hywin Holdings Ltd', 'Yiren Digital Ltd', 'Bavarian Nordic A/S', 'Swiss Re Ltd', 'Travis Perkins Plc', 'Ipsen S.A.', 'Vection Technologies Ltd', 'cross-border equity structures', 'appropriate local registration', 'wealth management products', 'US Eastern Time', 'prior written consent', 'live webcast presentations', 'US Securities Act', 'Brambles Limited', 'ThyssenKrupp AG', 'The Bank', 'financial institutions', 'Asia Pacific', 'leading bank', 'diverse products', 'US companies', 'live presentations', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'international companies', 'ADR) programs', 'participating companies', 'Hong Kong', 'South Africa', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'hedge funds', 'supranational agencies', 'broad range', 'complex securitizations', 'project finance', 'debt exchanges', 'Dylan Riddle', 'Media Relations', 'retail banking', 'transaction banking', 'medium-sized businesses', 'private individuals', 'strong position', 'significant presence', 'informational purposes', 'verbal form', 'retail clients', 'other issuer', 'Past results', 'future performance', 'formal presentations', 'Tuesday May', 'investment banking', 'investment service', 'other information', 'information purposes', 'institutional investors', 'related services', 'attached notice', 'May 17 Agenda', 'lineup', 'dbVIC', 'Wednesday', 'Representatives', 'Australia', 'China', 'Denmark', 'France', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'questions', 'categories', 'analysts', 'fee', 'participants', 'link', 'Pre-registration', 'Nasdaq', '8:30 AM', 'NYSE', 'YRD', '9:00 AM', 'HUTCHMED', 'HCM', '10:00 AM', 'CPH', 'OTC', 'BVNRY', 'SIX', 'SREN', 'SSREY', '11:30AM', 'LSE', 'TPK', 'TPRKY', 'HKEX', 'FPAFY', 'IPN', 'IPSEY', 'VR', 'VCTNY', 'KPN', '10:30 AM', 'JSE', 'HMY', '11:00 AM', 'ASX', 'BXB', 'TKA', 'replay', 'addition', 'corporates', 'world', 'trustee', 'agency', 'escrow', 'loans', 'restructurings', 'Press', 'Tel.', 'Cell', 'Email', 'commercial', 'asset', 'corporations', 'governments', 'small', 'Europe', 'statements', 'documents', 'materials', 'electronic', 'responsibility', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'subject', 'subsidiaries', 'affiliates', 'accordance', 'regulation', 'claims', 'way', 'completeness', 'details', 'announcement', 'matter', 'record', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'entity', 'purchase', 'sale', 'person', 'jurisdiction', 'indication', 'rights', '8:00']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABIVAX-22387984/news/Abivax-announces-its-ordinary-and-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-June-5-2023-and-the-availabilit-43856967/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Abivax announces its ordinary and extraordinary general meeting of June 5  2023  and the availability of the preparatory documents,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word: AGM/EGMAbivax announces its ordinary and extraordinary general meeting of June 5  2023  and the availability of the preparatory documents 15.05.2023 / 19:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solel…,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): AGM/EGMAbivax announces its ordinary and extraordinary general meeting of June 5  2023  and the availability of the preparatory documents15.05.2023 / 19:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax announces its ordinary and extraordinary general meeting of June 5  2023  and the availability of the preparatory documentsPARIS  France  May 15  2023 – 7:00 p.m. (CEST) – Abivax (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  informs its shareholders that its ordinary and extraordinary general meeting will be held on June 5  2023  at 10:00 am (CEST)  at the offices of Dechert (Paris) LLP  located at 22 rue Bayard in Paris (75008)  France.The Shareholders’ Meeting documents and information and the voting form have been made available to Shareholders under the terms and conditions specified by current French regulations  and are available on the Company’s website. All documents are exclusively available in French.*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the Company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax’ management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['extraordinary general meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'Abivax', 'June', 'availability', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Investors Europe MC Services AG', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'The Shareholders’ Meeting documents', 'Public Relations France Primatice', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'current French regulations', 'Public Relations USA', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'Rooney Partners LLC', 'preclinical, pharmacokinetic, carcinogenicity', 'Euronext compartment B', 'future clinical data', 'lead drug candidate', 'Press Relations', 'preparatory documents', 'immune system', '22 rue Bayard', 'voting form', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'ulcerative colitis', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Thomas Roborel', 'Jeanene Timberlake', 'press release', 'patient recruitment', 'actual results', 'legal obligations', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'other things', 'regulatory authorities', 'other matters', 'commercial potential', 'product candidates', 'Special consideration', 'potential hurdles', 'regulatory agencies', 'IRBs/ethics committees', 'undue reliance', 'subsequent changes', 'investment advice', 'investment objectives', 'financial situation', 'specific needs', 'Euronext Paris', 'looking statements', 'More information', 'forward-looking information', 'information purposes', 'Regina Jehle', 'Anne Hennecke', 'registration document', 'pharmaceutical products', 'Paris) LLP', 'various risks', 'pharmaceutical development', 'Abivax Communications', 'Abivax’ management', 'EQS-News', 'AGM/EGM', 'June', 'availability', '19:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'May', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'patients', '10:00 am', 'offices', 'terms', 'conditions', 'website', 'Montpellier', 'obefazimod', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Actifin', 'ggasparetto', 'Climens', 'jtimberlake', 'rooneypartners', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'programs', 'expectations', 'contingencies', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'description', 'research', 'analysis', 'decisions', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'labelling', 'assessment', 'toxicity', 'CMC', 'Readers', 'law', 'advertisement', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'connection', 'recipient', '7:00']",2023-05-16,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2669229/0/en/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Combined-General-Shareholders-Meeting-held-on-May-15-2023.html,Technicolor Creative Studios: Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting held on May 15  2023,PRESS RELEASE    Technicolor Creative StudiosCombined General Shareholders’ Meeting held on May 15  2023  Paris (France)  May 15  2023 - Technicolor......,"French EnglishPRESS RELEASETechnicolor Creative StudiosCombined General Shareholders’ Meeting held on May 15  2023Paris (France)  May 15  2023 - Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the ""Company"") announces that the Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting (the “Meeting”)  chaired by Ms. Anne Bouverot  Chairperson of the Board of Directors  was held today at 2pm at the Urban Station-Espace du Centenaire  189 rue de Bercy  75012 Paris.The company's shareholders have been strongly mobilized for this Meeting  which gathered a quorum of 81.72 %.The 30 resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors were all approved by a very large majority.This Meeting thus marks the completion of a decisive step in the implementation of the Company's refinancing  the terms of which are detailed in the press releases of March 8  and April 3  2023. The Board of Directors of the Company  which met at the close of this Meeting  sincerely thanks all shareholders for their support.In particular  the Meeting has:Approved the statutory and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2022  as well as the proposed allocation of the net result;Approved the statutory auditors' special report on related-party agreements;Approved the compensation policies for the Directors  the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer  as well as the components of their compensation paid or awarded for fiscal year 2022;Issued a favorable opinion on the establishment of a fiducie-sûreté on the shares of Tech 6;Decided on the continuation of the Company's activity pursuant to Article L.225-248 of the French Commercial Code;Approved a first reduction of the Company's share capital through decrease of the shares’ par value from 0.50 euro to 0.01 euro;Approved a delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to proceed with a share capital increase in cash by issuance of ordinary shares reserved for a category of beneficiaries  with waiver of the shareholders’ preferential subscription rights;Approved a delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to proceed with the issuance of notes convertible into ordinary shares of the Company with waiver of the shareholders’ preferential subscription rights in favour of (i) beneficiaries affiliated with Angelo  Gordon & Co  L.P.  (ii) of Bpifrance Participations S.A.  (iii) of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  (iv) beneficiaries affiliated with Briarwood Chase Management LLC  and (v) of Vantiva S.A;Approved a delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to proceed with the issuance and allocation of warrants  free of charge and reserved for a category of beneficiaries  with waiver of the shareholders’ preferential subscription rights;Approved the reverse share split of the Company's shares by allocation of one (1) new share with a par value of €1.00 for one hundred (100) existing shares with a par value of €0.01 each;Approved a second reduction of the Company's share capital through decrease of the shares’ par value from 1 euro to 0.01 euro;Approved an amendment to the Company's bylaws allowing the Board of Directors to appoint a maximum of 3 observers.In addition  1 shareholder submitted written questions before the Meeting. The answers were made public before the Meeting on the Company's website https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investor-center/shareholders-meetings/meetings.The detailed quorum and voting results are available on the Company's website. The full audio broadcast of the Meeting is also available on the same website https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investor-center/shareholders-meetings/meetings.The Company has also strengthened its governance by changing the composition of the Board of Directors. On May 12  2023  the Board of Directors (i) co-opted Mr Andrew Fowler as director and appointed (ii) Mr. Hadi El Mir as observer representing Sculptor. The Board of Directors  which met after the Meeting  appointed Mrs. Cécile Davies as observer representing Pimco.***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact:investor.relations@technicolor.comCorporate press:Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.frAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.06,0.04,True,English,"['Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'May', 'Barclays Bank Ireland PLC', 'Briarwood Chase Management LLC', 'Mrs. Cécile Davies', 'Mr. Hadi El Mir', 'Bpifrance Participations S.A.', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription rights', ""statutory auditors' special report"", 'one hundred (100) existing shares', 'Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Technicolor Creative Studios shares', 'Vantiva S.A', 'Mr Andrew Fowler', 'Ms. Anne Bouverot', '189 rue de Bercy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'full audio broadcast', 'world-class production expertise', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'reverse share split', 'one (1) new share', 'French Commercial Code', 'share capital increase', 'shares’ par value', 'creative technology company', 'one purpose', 'award-winning studios', 'creative companies', 'creative community', 'Technicolor Games', 'French English', 'ordinary shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Urban Station-Espace', 'large majority', 'decisive step', 'fiscal year', 'net result', 'related-party agreements', 'favorable opinion', 'fiducie-sûreté', 'Article L.', 'first reduction', 'L.P.', 'second reduction', 'voting results', 'extraordinary ideas', 'The Mill', 'iconic work', 'global teams', 'brand experience', 'universal art', 'Corporate press', 'Euronext Paris', 'compensation policies', 'detailed quorum', 'Mikros Animation', 'same website', 'The Company', '75012 Paris', 'May', 'TCHCS', 'Chairperson', 'Board', 'Directors', '2pm', 'Centenaire', '30 resolutions', 'completion', 'implementation', 'refinancing', 'terms', 'March', 'April', 'close', 'support', 'allocation', 'components', 'establishment', 'continuation', 'activity', 'decrease', '0.50 euro', '0.01 euro', 'delegation', 'authority', 'cash', 'issuance', 'category', 'beneficiaries', 'waiver', 'notes', 'favour', 'Angelo', 'Gordon', 'warrants', 'charge', 'amendment', 'bylaws', 'maximum', '3 observers', 'addition', '1 shareholder', 'questions', 'answers', 'technicolorcreative', 'investor-center', 'shareholders-meetings', 'governance', 'composition', 'Sculptor', 'Pimco', 'market', 'realization', 'ambitious', 'network', 'MPC', 'artists', 'technologists', 'film', 'television', 'gaming', 'advertising', 'storytelling', 'audiences', 'Image', 'Attachment', '81.72']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNICOLOR-CREATIVE-STUD-143774950/news/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Combined-General-Shareholders-Meeting-held-on-May-15-2023-43857312/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Technicolor Creative Studios: Combined General Shareholders' Meeting held on May 15  2023,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Technicolor Creative StudiosCombined General Shareholders’ Meeting held on May 15  2023 Paris   May 15  2023 - Technicolor Creative Studios announces that the Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting   chaired by Ms. Anne Bouv…,"PRESS RELEASETechnicolor Creative StudiosCombined General Shareholders’ Meeting held on May 15  2023Paris (France)  May 15  2023 - Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the ""Company"") announces that the Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting (the “Meeting”)  chaired by Ms. Anne Bouverot  Chairperson of the Board of Directors  was held today at 2pm at the Urban Station-Espace du Centenaire  189 rue de Bercy  75012 Paris.The company's shareholders have been strongly mobilized for this Meeting  which gathered a quorum of 81.72 %.The 30 resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors were all approved by a very large majority.This Meeting thus marks the completion of a decisive step in the implementation of the Company's refinancing  the terms of which are detailed in the press releases of March 8  and April 3  2023. The Board of Directors of the Company  which met at the close of this Meeting  sincerely thanks all shareholders for their support.In particular  the Meeting has:Approved the statutory and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2022  as well as the proposed allocation of the net result;Approved the statutory auditors' special report on related-party agreements;Approved the compensation policies for the Directors  the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer  as well as the components of their compensation paid or awarded for fiscal year 2022;Issued a favorable opinion on the establishment of a fiducie-sûreté on the shares of Tech 6;Decided on the continuation of the Company's activity pursuant to Article L.225-248 of the French Commercial Code;Approved a first reduction of the Company's share capital through decrease of the shares’ par value from 0.50 euro to 0.01 euro;Approved a delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to proceed with a share capital increase in cash by issuance of ordinary shares reserved for a category of beneficiaries  with waiver of the shareholders’ preferential subscription rights;Approved a delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to proceed with the issuance of notes convertible into ordinary shares of the Company with waiver of the shareholders’ preferential subscription rights in favour of (i) beneficiaries affiliated with Angelo  Gordon & Co  L.P.  (ii) of Bpifrance Participations S.A.  (iii) of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  (iv) beneficiaries affiliated with Briarwood Chase Management LLC  and (v) of Vantiva S.A;Approved a delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to proceed with the issuance and allocation of warrants  free of charge and reserved for a category of beneficiaries  with waiver of the shareholders’ preferential subscription rights;Approved the reverse share split of the Company's shares by allocation of one (1) new share with a par value of €1.00 for one hundred (100) existing shares with a par value of €0.01 each;Approved a second reduction of the Company's share capital through decrease of the shares’ par value from 1 euro to 0.01 euro;Approved an amendment to the Company's bylaws allowing the Board of Directors to appoint a maximum of 3 observers.In addition  1 shareholder submitted written questions before the Meeting. The answers were made public before the Meeting on the Company's website https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investor-center/shareholders-meetings/meetings.The detailed quorum and voting results are available on the Company's website. The full audio broadcast of the Meeting is also available on the same website https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investor-center/shareholders-meetings/meetings.The Company has also strengthened its governance by changing the composition of the Board of Directors. On May 12  2023  the Board of Directors (i) co-opted Mr Andrew Fowler as director and appointed (ii) Mr. Hadi El Mir as observer representing Sculptor. The Board of Directors  which met after the Meeting  appointed Mrs. Cécile Davies as observer representing Pimco.***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact:investor.relations@technicolor.comCorporate press:Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.frAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.17,0.3,True,English,"[""Combined General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'May', 'Technicolor Creative Studios Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Urban Station-Espace du Centenaire', 'Barclays Bank Ireland PLC', 'Briarwood Chase Management LLC', 'Mrs. Cécile Davies', 'Mr. Hadi El Mir', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription rights', 'Bpifrance Participations S.A.', ""statutory auditors' special report"", 'one hundred (100) existing shares', 'Technicolor Creative Studios shares', 'Vantiva S.A', 'Mr Andrew Fowler', 'Ms. Anne Bouverot', '189 rue de Bercy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'French Commercial Code', 'full audio broadcast', 'world-class production expertise', 'reverse share split', 'one (1) new share', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'share capital increase', 'creative technology company', 'shares’ par value', 'award-winning studios', 'creative companies', 'creative community', 'Technicolor Games', 'one purpose', 'ordinary shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'large majority', 'decisive step', 'fiscal year', 'net result', 'related-party agreements', 'favorable opinion', 'fiducie-sûreté', 'Article L.', 'first reduction', 'L.P.', 'second reduction', 'voting results', 'extraordinary ideas', 'The Mill', 'iconic work', 'global teams', 'brand experience', 'universal art', 'Corporate press', 'Euronext Paris', 'compensation policies', 'detailed quorum', 'Mikros Animation', 'same website', 'The Company', '75012 Paris', 'May', 'TCHCS', 'Chairperson', 'Board', 'Directors', '2pm', '30 resolutions', 'completion', 'implementation', 'refinancing', 'terms', 'March', 'April', 'close', 'support', 'allocation', 'components', 'establishment', 'continuation', 'activity', 'decrease', '0.50 euro', '0.01 euro', 'delegation', 'authority', 'cash', 'issuance', 'category', 'beneficiaries', 'waiver', 'notes', 'favour', 'Angelo', 'Gordon', 'warrants', 'charge', 'amendment', 'bylaws', 'maximum', '3 observers', 'addition', '1 shareholder', 'questions', 'answers', 'technicolorcreative', 'investor-center', 'meetings', 'governance', 'composition', 'Sculptor', 'Pimco', 'market', 'realization', 'ambitious', 'network', 'MPC', 'artists', 'technologists', 'film', 'television', 'gaming', 'advertising', 'storytelling', 'audiences', 'Image', 'Attachment', '81.72']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAM-INVESTMENTS-SPAC-B-V-124844122/news/VAM-Investments-SPAC-B-Press-Release-ndash-AGM-27-June-2023-43857161/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,VAM Investments SPAC B : Press Release – AGM 27 June 2023,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   VAM Investments SPAC B.V. Share Code: VAM   ISIN: NL0015000G40   Warrant Code: VAMW   ISIN: NL0015000G32   VAM Investments SPAC B.V. announces publication of convocation materials for its annual general …,"PRESS RELEASEVAM Investments SPAC B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) (Registration number: 82465207) Share Code: VAMISIN: NL0015000G40Warrant Code: VAMWISIN: NL0015000G32VAM Investments SPAC B.V. announces publication of convocation materials for its annual general meetingMilan  15 May 2023Today  VAM Investments SPAC B.V. (the ""Company"")  a special purpose acquisition company listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces the publication of the convocation materials for its annual general meeting of shareholders (the ""AGM"")  to be held at Sheraton Amsterdam Airport Hotel and Conference Center  Schiphol Boulevard 101  1118 BG Amsterdam on 27 June 2023  at 15:00 hours Central European Summer Time.Further details of the AGM are set out in the convocation notice for the AGM  which includes the AGM agenda and explanatory notes thereto (the ""AGM Convocation Notice""). The AGM Convocation Notice and the ancillary documents listed therein can be obtained from the Company's website at www.vaminvestments-spac.com/investor-relations.ENQUIRIESCarlo Di Biagio - carlo.dibiagio@vaminvestments-spac.com- +39 02 841 388 00IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONTHIS PRESS RELEASE MAY INCLUDE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  WHICH ARE BASED ON THE COMPANY'S CURRENT EXPECTATIONS AND PROJECTIONS ABOUT FUTURE EVENTS AND SPEAK ONLY AS OF THE DATE HEREOF. BY THEIR NATURE  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS  UNCERTAINTIES  ASSUMPTIONS AND OTHER FACTORS BECAUSE THEY RELATE TO EVENTS AND DEPEND ON CIRCUMSTANCES THAT WILL OCCUR IN THE FUTURE WHETHER OR NOT OUTSIDE THE CONTROL OF THE COMPANY. SUCH FACTORS MAY CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS  PERFORMANCE OR DEVELOPMENTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. ACCORDINGLY  NO UNDUE RELIANCE SHOULD BE PLACED ON ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THE COMPANY OPERATES IN A RAPIDLY CHANGING ENVIRONMENT. NEW RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES EMERGE FROM TIME TO TIME  AND IT IS NOT POSSIBLE TO PREDICT ALL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES  NOR TO ASSESS THE IMPACT THAT THESE FACTORS WILL HAVE ON THE COMPANY. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS SPEAK ONLY AS AT THE DATE AT WHICH THEY ARE MADE AND THE COMPANY UNDERTAKES NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. FURTHER REFERENCE IS MADE TO THE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES REFERRED TO IN THE INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORTS.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['VAM Investments SPAC B', 'Press Release', 'AGM', 'VAM Investments SPAC B.V.', 'Sheraton Amsterdam Airport Hotel', 'Central European Summer Time', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'The AGM Convocation Notice', 'annual general meeting', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'RAPIDLY CHANGING ENVIRONMENT', 'INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORTS', 'Carlo Di Biagio', 'VAM ISIN', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '1118 BG Amsterdam', 'convocation materials', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Registration number', 'Share Code', 'Warrant Code', 'VAMW ISIN', 'Conference Center', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'Further details', 'AGM agenda', 'explanatory notes', 'ancillary documents', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'CURRENT EXPECTATIONS', 'OTHER FACTORS', 'ACTUAL RESULTS', 'UNDUE RELIANCE', 'FURTHER REFERENCE', 'UNKNOWN RISKS', 'NEW RISKS', 'DATE HEREOF', 'UNCERTAINTIES EMERGE', 'FUTURE EVENTS', 'Netherlands', 'publication', 'Milan', '15 May', 'shareholders', '27 June', '15:00 hours', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'ENQUIRIES', 'dibiagio', 'vaminvestments', 'SPEAK', 'NATURE', 'ASSUMPTIONS', 'DEPEND', 'CIRCUMSTANCES', 'CONTROL', 'PERFORMANCE', 'DEVELOPMENTS', 'MATERIALLY', 'THOSE', 'IMPACT', 'OBLIGATION']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/Ferrari-N-v-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-43853787/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM Maranello   May 15  2023 – Ferrari N.V. informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of …,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAMMaranello (Italy)  May 15  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)08/05/2023 EXM 4 100 269.1229 1 103 403.89 09/05/2023 EXM 4 116 268.7960 1 106 364.34 10/05/2023 EXM 4 100 267.7102 1 097 611.82 11/05/2023 EXM 4 110 269.3360 1 106 970.96 12/05/2023 EXM 4 060 272.4739 1 106 244.03Total- 20 486 269.4814 5 520 595.04(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till May 12  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 125 678 287.36 for No. 535 898 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 24 928 758.14 (Euro 23 410 335.25*) for No. 101 422 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of May 12  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 419 315 common shares equal to 4.83% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until May 12  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 445 728 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 308 262 612.63.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM Maranello', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'FERRARI N.V.', 'additional common shares', 'No. 535,898 common shares', 'No. 101,422 common shares', 'share capital', 'Stock Exchange', '419,315 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'THE', 'Italy', 'May', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '1,445,728']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNICOLOR-CREATIVE-STUD-143774950/news/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Q1-Business-Update-43850710/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Technicolor Creative Studios Q1 Business Update,(marketscreener.com) CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE UNAUDITED COMBINED FINANCIALS Technicolor Creative Studios Q1 Business Update PARIS   MAY 15  2023 – Technicolor Creative Studios today announced its first quarter 2023 business update. First quarter 2023 revenues …,CORPORATE PRESS RELEASEUNAUDITED COMBINED FINANCIALSTechnicolor Creative Studios Q1 Business UpdatePARIS (FRANCE)  MAY 15  2023 – Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the “Company”) today announced its first quarter 2023 business update.First quarter 2023 revenues of €168 million   down -15% at current rate compared to the same period last year  and as expected.  down -15% at current rate compared to the same period last year  and as expected. Drawdown of a first refinancing tranche of €85 000 000 early April.early April. Strong creative performance across all four Studios with a sustained delivery of high-quality projects and major Awards won following numerous nominations.across all four Studios with a sustained delivery of high-quality projects and major Awards won following numerous nominations. Progress on the implementation of the Re*Imagined program with creative and business development teams strengthened with industry veteran appointments.Caroline Parot  Chief Executive Officer of Technicolor Creative Studios  said: “The first quarter of 2023 was eventful across our four Studios. We kept delivering high-quality projects while accelerating the implementation of our Re*Imagined program  which was designed to tackle the operational challenges we experienced at the end of last year. As expected  our revenues do not yet reflect the benefits of this program which should materialize progressively over the next semesters. However  our reinforced liquidity allows us to keep focusing on our clients’ vision while setting Technicolor Creative Studios back on its journey towards sustainable and profitable growth.”Q1 2023 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTSRevenuesQ1 2023 Q1 2022 % Change % Change at constant currency in € million 75 99 -24% -21% MPC 44 23 +91% +92% Mikros Animation 46 73 -37% -38% The Mill 3 3 +0% -4% Technicolor Games 168 198 -15% -14% TotalTechnicolor Creative Studios revenues amounted to €168 million in the first quarter of 2023  down -15% at current rate (down -14% at constant rate) compared to the same period in 2022.At MPC  first quarter 2023 revenues amounted to €75 million  down -24% at current rate compared to the same period last year (down -21% at constant rate). This underperformance was expected as the Studio faced lower activity compared to a high Q1 2022 with major shows in full production being delivered end of 2022 and beginning of 2023.At Mikros Animation  first quarter 2023 revenues amounted to €44 million  up +91% at current rate  compared to the same period last year (up +92% at constant rate). This significant growth was driven by a low Q1 2022 with major feature animation projects ramping up in H2/2022 for deliveries in H1/2023.At The Mill  first quarter 2023 advertising revenues amounted to €46 million  representing a -37% decrease at current rate (down -38% at constant rate) compared to the same period in 2022. Activity was restricted by an unfavorable macroeconomic environment with decelerating advertising spending  increased competition compared to Q1 2022.At Technicolor Games  first quarter 2023 revenues amounted to €3 million  flat at current rate compared to the prior-year period (down -4% at constant rate).Standalone cash and debtLiquidity (Cash and cash equivalents) at the end of March 2023 amounted to €47 million (with the €40 million RCF fully drawn) and nominal net debt excluding operating lease debt to €654 million (IFRS debt at €744 million and €606 million excluding operating lease).Refinancing statusA first tranche refinancing has been drawn early April in aggregate principal amount of €85 000 000.A second tranche of the refinancing for an aggregate principal amount of €85 000 000 will be granted by the end of the second quarter of 2023. This refinancing will be subject to approval by the General Meeting held on May 15  2023.Q1 2023 KEY BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTSMPC: In the first quarter of 2023  MPC has been recognized for its outstanding creative work by being nominated for and receiving several awards  including:three Visual Effects Society (“VES”) awards for its work on Thirteen Lives and Guillermo del Toro’s Pinocchio;award for Best Visual Effect at the 48 th César ceremony for Notre-Dame Brûle;César ceremony for Notre-Dame Brûle; Best Animated Feature at this year’s Oscars for Guillermo del Toro’s Pinocchio.Also in early 2023  MPC has strengthened its leadership team with the appointments of:Ludovic Iochem as Head of Studio for MPC Montreal. With over 20 years of experience in the VFX industry and extensive expertise in production operations  Ludovic has an impressive career portfolio including Quantum of Solace and Avengers: Endgame.Sal Umerji as Head of Studio for MPC London. Sal began his career in VFX in 2000 as an MPC runner and over the last 6 years has been supporting The Mill across their Bangalore and London studios.Mikros Animation: The Studio started the year strong with several of its projects seeing their trailers being released. Nickelodeon Films and Paramount Pictures have shared the first trailer for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem. Paramount+ also released the official trailer and key art for season two of the original animated series RUGRATS. Other Mikros Animation highlights include winning the Best New Series – Kids Programming category award for Kung Fu Panda: The Dragon Knight.The Mill: Ranked as the #1 Post-Production company in the UK and Europe in LBB’s Immortal Awards Table of Creativity for 2023  The Mill is having a great start to the year. Other highlights include:being involved in a total of 28% of Super Bowl spots that aired during this year’s game (16 commercials);working on Tide’s new spot  which stars actor Kumail Nanjiani  in collaboration with agency Saatchi & Saatchi  director Traktor and Stink Films;crafting MSC Cruises latest spot  which emphasizes green energy  recycling  and other moves towards achieving net zero emissions on the ocean  in collaboration with 180 Amsterdam and MJZ Director Gary Freedman.winning best Visual Effects in Advertising at the Genie Awards for Samsung’s “Playtime is Over”.The Mill has also welcomed incredible talent within its teams  with award-winning colorist Katie Dymmock (Colorist  London)  Kenya Agunloye (Producer  New York)  and Elodie Ichter (Senior Colorist  New York) joining. The three will focus on growth opportunities and the global development of The Mill’s color network.Technicolor Games: The Studio has pursued its long-standing  active and collaborative relationships with leading game developers and publishers including Electronic Arts  Ubisoft  Take-Two Interactive and Activision. The teams have been growing with the appointments of:Romain Killian as Global Head of Development. Based in Montreal  this industry veteran will be building on the Development service offering for Technicolor Games as the business continues its global expansion and service lines.Vik Long & Justin Phass as Business Development Directors  based in North America.A contract termination due to the decision by producers to rewrite a show’s script  is expected to have a negative impact on Technicolor Creative Studios revenue growth over the next quarters.***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact:investor.relations@technicolor.comCorporate press:Teneo: tcs@teneo.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.18,0.37,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios Q1 Business Update', 'Technicolor Creative Studios Q1 Business Update', 'three Visual Effects Society', '48 th César ceremony', 'first quarter 2023 business update', 'Technicolor Creative Studios revenues', 'first quarter 2023 advertising revenues', 'major feature animation projects', 'business development teams', 'Best Visual Effect', 'Best Animated Feature', 'Strong creative performance', 'CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE', 'UNAUDITED COMBINED FINANCIALS', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unfavorable macroeconomic environment', 'aggregate principal amount', 'Guillermo del Toro', 'Notre-Dame Brûle', 'nominal net debt', 'First quarter 2023 revenues', 'Re*Imagined program', 'outstanding creative work', 'impressive career portfolio', 'first refinancing tranche', 'industry veteran appointments', 'operating lease debt', 'first tranche refinancing', 'BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS', 'Technicolor Games', 'four Studios', 'advertising spending', 'London studios', 'first trailer', 'second quarter', 'second tranche', 'Mikros Animation', 'major shows', 'IFRS debt', 'high Q1', 'low Q1', 'major Awards', 'high-quality projects', 'current rate', 'same period', 'sustained delivery', 'numerous nominations', 'Caroline Parot', 'operational challenges', 'next semesters', 'clients’ vision', 'profitable growth', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'constant currency', 'The Mill', 'constant rate', 'full production', 'significant growth', 'prior-year period', 'debt Liquidity', '€40 million RCF', 'Refinancing status', 'General Meeting', 'Thirteen Lives', 'leadership team', 'VFX industry', 'extensive expertise', 'production operations', 'Nickelodeon Films', 'Paramount Pictures', 'several awards', 'Standalone cash', 'cash equivalents', 'Euronext Paris', 'early April', 'lower activity', 'Ludovic Iochem', 'Sal Umerji', 'last 6 years', 'MPC Montreal', 'MPC London', 'MPC runner', 'last year', 'The Studio', 'early 2023', '20 years', 'FRANCE', 'MAY', 'TCHCS', 'Company', 'Drawdown', 'Progress', 'implementation', 'benefits', 'journey', 'sustainable', 'Change', 'Total', 'underperformance', 'beginning', 'H2/20', 'deliveries', 'H1', 'competition', 'March', 'approval', 'Pinocchio', 'Oscars', 'Head', 'experience', 'Quantum', 'Solace', 'Avengers', 'Endgame', 'Bangalore', 'trailers']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668385/0/en/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Q1-Business-Update.html,Technicolor Creative Studios Q1 Business Update,CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE          UNAUDITED COMBINED FINANCIALS      Technicolor Creative Studios Q1 Business Update        PARIS (FRANCE)  MAY 15  2023...,English FrenchCORPORATE PRESS RELEASEUNAUDITED COMBINED FINANCIALSTechnicolor Creative Studios Q1 Business UpdatePARIS (FRANCE)  MAY 15  2023 – Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the “Company”) today announced its first quarter 2023 business update.First quarter 2023 revenues of €168 million   down -15% at current rate compared to the same period last year  and as expected.  down -15% at current rate compared to the same period last year  and as expected. Drawdown of a first refinancing tranche of €85 000 000 early April.early April. Strong creative performance across all four Studios with a sustained delivery of high-quality projects and major Awards won following numerous nominations.across all four Studios with a sustained delivery of high-quality projects and major Awards won following numerous nominations. Progress on the implementation of the Re*Imagined program with creative and business development teams strengthened with industry veteran appointments.Caroline Parot  Chief Executive Officer of Technicolor Creative Studios  said: “The first quarter of 2023 was eventful across our four Studios. We kept delivering high-quality projects while accelerating the implementation of our Re*Imagined program  which was designed to tackle the operational challenges we experienced at the end of last year. As expected  our revenues do not yet reflect the benefits of this program which should materialize progressively over the next semesters. However  our reinforced liquidity allows us to keep focusing on our clients’ vision while setting Technicolor Creative Studios back on its journey towards sustainable and profitable growth.”Q1 2023 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTSRevenuesQ1 2023 Q1 2022 % Change % Change at constant currency in € million 75 99 -24% -21% MPC 44 23 +91% +92% Mikros Animation 46 73 -37% -38% The Mill 3 3 +0% -4% Technicolor Games 168 198 -15% -14% TotalTechnicolor Creative Studios revenues amounted to €168 million in the first quarter of 2023  down -15% at current rate (down -14% at constant rate) compared to the same period in 2022.At MPC  first quarter 2023 revenues amounted to €75 million  down -24% at current rate compared to the same period last year (down -21% at constant rate). This underperformance was expected as the Studio faced lower activity compared to a high Q1 2022 with major shows in full production being delivered end of 2022 and beginning of 2023.At Mikros Animation  first quarter 2023 revenues amounted to €44 million  up +91% at current rate  compared to the same period last year (up +92% at constant rate). This significant growth was driven by a low Q1 2022 with major feature animation projects ramping up in H2/2022 for deliveries in H1/2023.At The Mill  first quarter 2023 advertising revenues amounted to €46 million  representing a -37% decrease at current rate (down -38% at constant rate) compared to the same period in 2022. Activity was restricted by an unfavorable macroeconomic environment with decelerating advertising spending  increased competition compared to Q1 2022.At Technicolor Games  first quarter 2023 revenues amounted to €3 million  flat at current rate compared to the prior-year period (down -4% at constant rate).Standalone cash and debtLiquidity (Cash and cash equivalents) at the end of March 2023 amounted to €47 million (with the €40 million RCF fully drawn) and nominal net debt excluding operating lease debt to €654 million (IFRS debt at €744 million and €606 million excluding operating lease).Refinancing statusA first tranche refinancing has been drawn early April in aggregate principal amount of €85 000 000.A second tranche of the refinancing for an aggregate principal amount of €85 000 000 will be granted by the end of the second quarter of 2023. This refinancing will be subject to approval by the General Meeting held on May 15  2023.Q1 2023 KEY BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTSMPC: In the first quarter of 2023  MPC has been recognized for its outstanding creative work by being nominated for and receiving several awards  including:three Visual Effects Society (“VES”) awards for its work on Thirteen Lives and Guillermo del Toro’s Pinocchio;award for Best Visual Effect at the 48 th César ceremony for Notre-Dame Brûle;César ceremony for Notre-Dame Brûle; Best Animated Feature at this year’s Oscars for Guillermo del Toro’s Pinocchio.Also in early 2023  MPC has strengthened its leadership team with the appointments of:Ludovic Iochem as Head of Studio for MPC Montreal. With over 20 years of experience in the VFX industry and extensive expertise in production operations  Ludovic has an impressive career portfolio including Quantum of Solace and Avengers: Endgame.Sal Umerji as Head of Studio for MPC London. Sal began his career in VFX in 2000 as an MPC runner and over the last 6 years has been supporting The Mill across their Bangalore and London studios.Mikros Animation: The Studio started the year strong with several of its projects seeing their trailers being released. Nickelodeon Films and Paramount Pictures have shared the first trailer for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem. Paramount+ also released the official trailer and key art for season two of the original animated series RUGRATS. Other Mikros Animation highlights include winning the Best New Series – Kids Programming category award for Kung Fu Panda: The Dragon Knight.The Mill: Ranked as the #1 Post-Production company in the UK and Europe in LBB’s Immortal Awards Table of Creativity for 2023  The Mill is having a great start to the year. Other highlights include:being involved in a total of 28% of Super Bowl spots that aired during this year’s game (16 commercials);working on Tide’s new spot  which stars actor Kumail Nanjiani  in collaboration with agency Saatchi & Saatchi  director Traktor and Stink Films;crafting MSC Cruises latest spot  which emphasizes green energy  recycling  and other moves towards achieving net zero emissions on the ocean  in collaboration with 180 Amsterdam and MJZ Director Gary Freedman.winning best Visual Effects in Advertising at the Genie Awards for Samsung’s “Playtime is Over”.The Mill has also welcomed incredible talent within its teams  with award-winning colorist Katie Dymmock (Colorist  London)  Kenya Agunloye (Producer  New York)  and Elodie Ichter (Senior Colorist  New York) joining. The three will focus on growth opportunities and the global development of The Mill’s color network.Technicolor Games: The Studio has pursued its long-standing  active and collaborative relationships with leading game developers and publishers including Electronic Arts  Ubisoft  Take-Two Interactive and Activision. The teams have been growing with the appointments of:Romain Killian as Global Head of Development. Based in Montreal  this industry veteran will be building on the Development service offering for Technicolor Games as the business continues its global expansion and service lines.Vik Long & Justin Phass as Business Development Directors  based in North America.A contract termination due to the decision by producers to rewrite a show’s script  is expected to have a negative impact on Technicolor Creative Studios revenue growth over the next quarters.***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact:investor.relations@technicolor.comCorporate press:Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.frTeneo: tcs@teneo.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.15,0.46,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios Q1 Business Update', 'Technicolor Creative Studios Q1 Business Update', 'three Visual Effects Society', 'first quarter 2023 business update', '48 th César ceremony', 'Technicolor Creative Studios revenues', 'first quarter 2023 advertising revenues', 'major feature animation projects', 'business development teams', 'KEY BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS', 'Best Visual Effect', 'Best Animated Feature', 'Strong creative performance', 'CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE', 'UNAUDITED COMBINED FINANCIALS', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unfavorable macroeconomic environment', 'aggregate principal amount', 'Guillermo del Toro', 'Notre-Dame Brûle', 'nominal net debt', 'First quarter 2023 revenues', 'Re*Imagined program', 'outstanding creative work', 'impressive career portfolio', 'first refinancing tranche', 'first tranche refinancing', 'industry veteran appointments', 'operating lease debt', 'Technicolor Games', 'four Studios', 'advertising spending', 'London studios', 'second quarter', 'second tranche', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'Mikros Animation', 'major shows', 'IFRS debt', 'high Q1', 'low Q1', 'major Awards', 'high-quality projects', 'English French', 'current rate', 'same period', 'sustained delivery', 'numerous nominations', 'Caroline Parot', 'operational challenges', 'next semesters', 'clients’ vision', 'profitable growth', 'constant currency', 'The Mill', 'constant rate', 'full production', 'significant growth', 'prior-year period', 'debt Liquidity', '€40 million RCF', 'Refinancing status', 'General Meeting', 'Thirteen Lives', 'leadership team', 'VFX industry', 'extensive expertise', 'production operations', 'Nickelodeon Films', 'Paramount Pictures', 'several awards', 'Standalone cash', 'cash equivalents', 'Euronext Paris', 'early April', 'lower activity', 'Ludovic Iochem', 'Sal Umerji', 'last 6 years', 'MPC Montreal', 'MPC London', 'MPC runner', 'last year', 'The Studio', 'early 2023', '20 years', 'FRANCE', 'MAY', 'TCHCS', 'Company', 'Drawdown', 'Progress', 'implementation', 'benefits', 'journey', 'sustainable', 'Change', 'Total', 'underperformance', 'beginning', 'H2/20', 'deliveries', 'H1', 'competition', 'March', 'approval', 'Pinocchio', 'Oscars', 'Head', 'experience', 'Quantum', 'Solace', 'Avengers', 'Endgame', 'Bangalore', 'trailers']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXTENSA-SA-5965/news/Nextensa-NOTES-OF-THE-BOARD-OF-DIRECTORS-ON-Q1-2023-43850468/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Nextensa: NOTES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON Q1 2023,(marketscreener.com) NOTES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON Q1 2023 REGULATORY INFORMATIONBrussels  15 May 202307.30 AM HIGHLIGHTS• Result: net result was €9.8 M or €0.98 per share.• Strong investment portfolio: rental income increased by € 0.4 M in the first qua…,NOTES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON Q1 2023REGULATORY INFORMATIONBrussels  15 May 202307.30 AMHIGHLIGHTS• Result: net result was €9.8 M or €0.98 per share.• Strong investment portfolio: rental income increased by € 0.4 M in the first quarter of 2023 compared to the first quarter of 2022  despite the sales of several buildings in 2022. In particular  rental income in Belgium increased significantly and primarily due to the resumption of events at the Tour & Taxis site. The like-for-like rental growth of +10% (+ €1.7 M) is also realized by the indexation that is being felt in Belgium  Luxembourg and Austria. This increase is expected to continue during 2023  with the signing of several new leases in Belgium and Luxembourg.• Active financial management: the rising interest rates are largely tempered by the hedging strategy (hedge ratio of 70% at 31/03/2023) and by the continued implementation of the strategy to reduce the debt position through well-targeted sales. By reducing the debt ratio  rising interest rates have less negative impact on results.• Successful portfolio rotation with nice capital gains: The Treesquare building located on the de Meeûssquare in the European district of Brussels was sold in early Q2 to the German KGAL Investment Management for a net price of €43.7 million  representing a capital gain of €2M and a yield of 4.23%. This gain will be recognized in Q2 2023.• Innovative developments: The operating result of the development projects amounts to €5.6 M  being €1.1 M higher compared to Q1 2022. Nearly half of the second phase of Park Lane  comprising 346 apartments  has been reserved or sold. Nextensa has also announced its intention to start the Lake Side project  the final phase of the urban transformation on the Tour & Taxis site  from 2025. Nextensa submitted the permit at the end of Q1 for the development of some 140 000 square meters  with a largely residential program. The new district will be completely free of fossil fuels while also striving to minimize its ecological footprint through a well-founded choice of building materials.• Nextensa share: The accounting net asset value was €84.9 per share at the end of Q1 while the share price has fluctuated between €40 and €50 per share in recent weeks.ABOUT NEXTENSANextensa NV is a mixed-use real estate investor and developer.The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/03/2023 was approximately € 1.29 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings. The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €519.1 million (value 31/12/2022).FOR MORE INFORMATIONMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['NOTES', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'Q1', 'mixed-use real estate investor', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'German KGAL Investment Management', 'accounting net asset value', 'Active financial management', 'Strong investment portfolio', 'rising interest rates', 'less negative impact', 'Successful portfolio rotation', 'de Meeûssquare', 'Lake Side project', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'major urban extension', 'nice capital gains', 'large urban developments', 'several new leases', 'The Treesquare building', 'net result', 'net price', 'urban transformation', 'several buildings', 'Innovative developments', 'building materials', 'new district', 'total value', 'new constructions', 'rental income', 'first quarter', 'rental growth', 'hedge ratio', 'continued implementation', 'debt position', 'debt ratio', 'European district', 'operating result', 'Nearly half', 'second phase', 'Park Lane', 'final phase', '140,000 square meters', 'residential program', 'fossil fuels', 'ecological footprint', 'recent weeks', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'residential buildings', 'market capitalization', 'Gare Maritime', 'Taxis site', 'REGULATORY INFORMATION', 'hedging strategy', 'early Q2', 'share price', 'development projects', 'Nextensa NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nextensa share', '1000 Brussels', 'NOTES', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'Q1', '15 May', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'sales', 'Belgium', 'resumption', 'events', 'Tour', 'indexation', 'Luxembourg', 'Austria', 'increase', 'signing', 'results', 'yield', '346 apartments', 'intention', 'permit', 'end', 'choice', 'developer', 'company', '31/03', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'MORE', 'Picardstraat', 'B50', 'relations', 'Attachment', '07.30', '€']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668383/0/en/ForFarmers-N-V-Update-share-buy-back-programme-ForFarmers.html,ForFarmers N.V.: Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers,Lochem  15 May 2023ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 27 590 shares in the period from 8 May 2023 through 12 May 2023.          The shares...,"English DutchLochem  15 May 2023ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 27 590 shares in the period from 8 May 2023 through 12 May 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.84 per share  for a total amount of €78 483. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 13 April 2023. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes and obligations from employee participation plans 2022. It concerns a maximum of 625 000 shares  for a maximum amount of € 3 125 000.The total number of shares that has been repurchased to date according to these programmes is 99 108 shares  for a total amount of €285 116.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en .This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions)Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 194 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that offers complete and innovative feed solutions for livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and further sustainalising the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of approximately 9 million tons of animal feed. The company is operating in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately € 3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'general economic conditions', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'Director Investor Relations', 'P.O. Box', 'English Dutch Lochem', 'employee participation plans', 'innovative feed solutions', 'share price fluctuations', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'share buy-back programme', 'future financial results', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'market leader', 'annual sales', 'annual report', 'average price', 'animal feed', '7240 AB Lochem', 'business plans', 'legal procedures', 'actual results', 'future results', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', '9 million tons', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'ForFarmers website', 'More information', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'new information', 'future events', 'maximum amount', 'total number', 'other factors', 'livestock farming', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '15 May', '27,590 shares', 'period', '8 May', '12 May', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '13 April', '625,000 shares', 'date', 'programmes', '99,108 shares', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'complete', 'mission', 'continuity', 'Europe', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'document', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-N-V-Update-share-buy-back-programme-ForFarmers-43850644/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,ForFarmers N.V.: Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  15 May 2023ForFarmers N.V. has repurchased 27 590 shares in the period from 8 May 2023 through 12 May 2023.  The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.84 per share  for a total amount of €78 483. These repurchases were…,"Lochem  15 May 2023ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 27 590 shares in the period from 8 May 2023 through 12 May 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.84 per share  for a total amount of €78 483. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 13 April 2023. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes and obligations from employee participation plans 2022. It concerns a maximum of 625 000 shares  for a maximum amount of € 3 125 000.The total number of shares that has been repurchased to date according to these programmes is 99 108 shares  for a total amount of €285 116.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en .This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions)Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 194 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that offers complete and innovative feed solutions for livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and further sustainalising the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of approximately 9 million tons of animal feed. The company is operating in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately € 3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'ForFarmers future financial results', 'general economic conditions', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'Director Investor Relations', 'P.O. Box', 'employee participation plans', 'innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'share price fluctuations', 'share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'market leader', 'annual sales', 'annual report', 'average price', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'actual results', 'future results', 'legal procedures', 'ForFarmers website', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', '9 million tons', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'future events', 'More information', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'new information', 'maximum amount', 'total number', '7240 AB Lochem', 'other factors', 'livestock farming', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '15 May', '27,590 shares', 'period', '8 May', '12 May', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '13 April', '625,000 shares', 'date', 'programmes', '99,108 shares', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'complete', 'mission', 'continuity', 'Europe', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'document', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-335CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-May-8-12-2023-43851983/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Piquadro S p A : 335CS Piquadro buy back purchase week May 8 12 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   May 15  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the per…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  May 15  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from May 8th to May 12th  2023  it purchased no. 3 466 treasury shares for a total consideration of 6 299.85 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 05/08/2023 416 1.7900 744.64 05/09/2023 723 1.8256 1 319.91 05/10/2023 566 1.8200 1 030.12 05/11/2023 211 1.7950 378.75 05/12/2023 1 550 1.8235 2 826.43 Total 3 466 1.8176 6 299.85Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of May 12th  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 923 557 treasury shares  equal to 3.8471% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 175 stores including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 81 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 20 abroad  of which 74 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2022/2023 ended on March 31  2023  is equal to € 175.6 million.Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '335CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', '3,466 treasury shares', '1,923,557 treasury shares', 'Piquadro product', 'total consideration', '81 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '33 franchised stores', '175 stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'May', 'reference', 'period', '6,299.85 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'bis', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '74 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'March', 'October']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OPENJOBMETIS-S-P-A-25358957/news/Openjobmetis-S-p-A-Notice-of-Publication-Additional-Financial-Information-3M-2023-43852803/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Openjobmetis S p A : Notice of Publication Additional Financial Information 3M 2023,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE OF THE PUBLICATION OF   THE ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION AS AT 31 MARCH 2023   Milan  15 may 2023 - Notice is hereby given that the Additional Financial Information as at 31 March 2023  comprising the Directors' Repor…,NOTICE OF THE PUBLICATION OFTHE ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION AS AT 31 MARCH 2023Milan  15 may 2023 - Notice is hereby given that the Additional Financial Information as at 31 March 2023  comprising the Directors' Report on Operations and accompanied by the statement by the Manager in charge of preparing the company's financial reports  have been filed  pursuant to and within the terms of law  at the headquarters and submitted to Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and CONSOB. They are also available on the company's website  www.openjobmetis.it  in the section 'Investor Relations - Financial Statements and Reports' as well as through the authorised storage device eMarket-Storage (www.emarketstorage.com).****Openjobmetis - an overview: Openjobmetis is the Employment Agency established in 2011 as a result of the merger of Openjob SpA and Metis SpA  combining the unique skills and experiences for which they have always been known. Listed since December 2015  Openjobmetis SpA is the first and only Employment Agency in the STAR segment of Euronext Milan (EXM) operated by Borsa Italiana  and is positioned among the leading Italian operators in its field  with revenue of approximately EUR 768 4 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. Openjobmetis SpA  which provides temporary work employment  operates through a network of 150 branches and Specialized Divisions in a wide range of labour market sectors  including: Healthcare  Banking and Finance  Large-Scale Retail Trade  Big Clients  I&CT  Agro-Industrial and  as well as Techne specialized in aerospace  naval and energy thanks to the acquisition of Quanta S.p.A.  a company merged into Openjobmetis with effect from 1 January 2022. Among the services offered  there are also research and selection solutions for direct entry into a company of qualified junior profiles through the Permanent Placement team and the division UNA Forza Vendite which deals with commercial figures and sales agents. Openjobmetis also has the following subsidiaries: (i) Openjob Consulting Srl  active in the management of the financed training activities; (ii) Seltis Hub Srl  the highly specialized vertical competence center focused on recruitment and selection that also operates through the digital platforms Meritocracy and Jobmetoo  (iii) Family Care Srl  APL dedicated to family assistance. Finally (iv) HC Srl  100% owned and a result of the merger of Corium Srl and HC Srl  which deals with training  coaching and outplacement and (v) Lyve Srl  a 50.66% subsidiary  a training company specialized in the field of financial and insurance services.Investor Relator - Alessandro EspostiInvestor.relator@openjob.itTel. 0331 211501Press Office - FinanceJabaElena Simoncini elena.simoncini@jabaitalia.comTel. +39 392 5139493OpenjobmetisTel. 0331 211501 comunicazione@openjob.itPag. 1 di 1Openjobmetis S.p.A.AGENZIA PER IL LAVORO - Aut. Prot. N. 1111-SG del 26/11/2004Cod. Fisc./P.IVA/Nr. Iscr. Reg. imprese di Milano-MB-Lodi 13343690155 - Capitale Sociale € 13.712.000 00 = i.v. DIREZIONE GENERALE E UFFICI: Via Marsala  40/C - Centro Direzionale Le Torri - 21013 Gallarate (VA)SEDE LEGALE: Via Assietta  19 - 20161 MilanoTel. 0331 211501 - info@openjob.it - www.openjobmetis.it PEC openjob@secmail.it - SDI SN4CSRI,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Additional Financial Information', 'Openjobmetis S', 'Notice', 'Publication', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Centro Direzionale Le Torri', 'Quanta S.p.A.', 'specialized vertical competence center', 'authorised storage device', 'leading Italian operators', 'labour market sectors', 'Large-Scale Retail Trade', 'qualified junior profiles', 'Permanent Placement team', 'UNA Forza Vendite', 'DIREZIONE GENERALE E', 'Seltis Hub Srl', 'temporary work employment', 'ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'Family Care Srl', 'Openjob Consulting Srl', 'P.IVA', 'Openjobmetis S.', 'Specialized Divisions', 'family assistance', 'HC Srl', 'Corium Srl', 'Lyve Srl', 'Employment Agency', 'Financial Statements', ""Directors' Report"", 'Openjob SpA', 'Metis SpA', 'unique skills', 'wide range', 'Big Clients', 'I&CT', 'direct entry', 'commercial figures', 'sales agents', 'following subsidiaries', 'digital platforms', 'Alessandro Esposti', 'Press Office', 'Prot. N.', 'Reg. imprese', 'Capitale Sociale', 'Via Marsala', 'SEDE LEGALE', 'Via Assietta', 'SDI SN4CSRI', 'financial reports', 'Investor Relations', 'training activities', 'Euronext Milan', 'selection solutions', 'insurance services', 'Elena Simoncini', 'Investor Relator', 'training company', 'NOTICE', 'THE', '31 MARCH', 'Operations', 'Manager', 'charge', 'terms', 'law', 'headquarters', 'CONSOB', 'website', 'section', 'overview', 'result', 'merger', 'experiences', 'December', 'first', 'segment', 'EXM', 'field', 'revenue', 'year', 'network', '150 branches', 'Healthcare', 'Banking', 'Finance', 'Agro-Industrial', 'Techne', 'aerospace', 'naval', 'energy', 'acquisition', 'effect', '1 January', 'research', 'management', 'recruitment', 'Meritocracy', 'Jobmetoo', 'APL', 'coaching', 'outplacement', '50.66% subsidiary', 'Tel.', 'Jaba', 'Pag', 'AGENZIA', 'LAVORO', 'Aut.', 'SG', '26/1', 'Cod.', 'Fisc', 'Nr', 'Iscr', 'UFFICI', '21013 Gallarate', 'Milano']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668691/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from May 08  2023 to May 12  2023...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from May 08  2023 to May 12  2023AMSTERDAM – May 15  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between May 08  2023 to May 12  2023 (the “Period”)  of 296 176 ordinary shares (equal to 0.03% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 38.7173 and for an overall price of EUR 11 467 140.04.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 5/8/2023 58 936 38.6308 2 276 744.83 XPAR 5/9/2023 59 291 38.6025 2 288 780.83 XPAR 5/10/2023 59 151 38.7908 2 294 514.61 XPAR 5/11/2023 59 479 38.7097 2 302 414.25 XPAR 5/12/2023 59 319 38.8524 2 304 685.52 XPAR Total for Period 296 176 38.7173 11 467 140.04Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 10 693 310 treasury shares  which represents approximately 1.2% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are over 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. We are committed to achieving our goal of becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Own Shares', '296,176 ordinary shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', '10,693,310 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Period', 'May', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'number', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'Dates', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'goal', 'Attachment']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668368/0/en/Nextensa-NOTES-OF-THE-BOARD-OF-DIRECTORS-ON-Q1-2023.html,Nextensa: NOTES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON Q1 2023,NOTES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON Q1 2023    REGULATORY INFORMATIONBrussels  15 May 202307.30 AM    HIGHLIGHTS• Result: net result was €9.8 M or €0.98...,English Dutch FrenchNOTES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON Q1 2023REGULATORY INFORMATIONBrussels  15 May 202307.30 AMHIGHLIGHTS• Result: net result was €9.8 M or €0.98 per share.• Strong investment portfolio: rental income increased by € 0.4 M in the first quarter of 2023 compared to the first quarter of 2022  despite the sales of several buildings in 2022. In particular  rental income in Belgium increased significantly and primarily due to the resumption of events at the Tour & Taxis site. The like-for-like rental growth of +10% (+ €1.7 M) is also realized by the indexation that is being felt in Belgium  Luxembourg and Austria. This increase is expected to continue during 2023  with the signing of several new leases in Belgium and Luxembourg.• Active financial management: the rising interest rates are largely tempered by the hedging strategy (hedge ratio of 70% at 31/03/2023) and by the continued implementation of the strategy to reduce the debt position through well-targeted sales. By reducing the debt ratio  rising interest rates have less negative impact on results.• Successful portfolio rotation with nice capital gains: The Treesquare building located on the de Meeûssquare in the European district of Brussels was sold in early Q2 to the German KGAL Investment Management for a net price of €43.7 million  representing a capital gain of €2M and a yield of 4.23%. This gain will be recognized in Q2 2023.• Innovative developments: The operating result of the development projects amounts to €5.6 M  being €1.1 M higher compared to Q1 2022. Nearly half of the second phase of Park Lane  comprising 346 apartments  has been reserved or sold. Nextensa has also announced its intention to start the Lake Side project  the final phase of the urban transformation on the Tour & Taxis site  from 2025. Nextensa submitted the permit at the end of Q1 for the development of some 140 000 square meters  with a largely residential program. The new district will be completely free of fossil fuels while also striving to minimize its ecological footprint through a well-founded choice of building materials.• Nextensa share: The accounting net asset value was €84.9 per share at the end of Q1 while the share price has fluctuated between €40 and €50 per share in recent weeks.ABOUT NEXTENSANextensa NV is a mixed-use real estate investor and developer.The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/03/2023 was approximately € 1.29 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings. The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €519.1 million (value 31/12/2022).FOR MORE INFORMATIONMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['NOTES', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'Q1', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'German KGAL Investment Management', 'mixed-use real estate investor', 'accounting net asset value', 'Active financial management', 'English Dutch French', 'Strong investment portfolio', 'rising interest rates', 'less negative impact', 'Successful portfolio rotation', 'de Meeûssquare', 'Lake Side project', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'major urban extension', 'nice capital gains', 'large urban developments', 'several new leases', 'The Treesquare building', 'net result', 'net price', 'urban transformation', 'several buildings', 'Innovative developments', 'building materials', 'new district', 'total value', 'new constructions', 'rental income', 'first quarter', 'rental growth', 'hedge ratio', 'continued implementation', 'debt position', 'debt ratio', 'European district', 'operating result', 'Nearly half', 'second phase', 'Park Lane', 'final phase', '140,000 square meters', 'residential program', 'fossil fuels', 'ecological footprint', 'recent weeks', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'residential buildings', 'market capitalization', 'Gare Maritime', 'Taxis site', 'REGULATORY INFORMATION', 'hedging strategy', 'early Q2', 'share price', 'development projects', 'Nextensa NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nextensa share', '1000 Brussels', 'NOTES', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'Q1', '15 May', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'sales', 'Belgium', 'resumption', 'events', 'Tour', 'indexation', 'Luxembourg', 'Austria', 'increase', 'signing', 'results', 'yield', '346 apartments', 'intention', 'permit', 'end', 'choice', 'developer', 'company', '31/03', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'MORE', 'Picardstraat', 'B50', 'relations', 'Attachment', '07.30', '€']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ERYTECH-PHARMA-S-A-13046812/news/ERYTECH-Provides-Update-on-the-Announced-Combination-with-PHERECYDES-43858230/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,ERYTECH Provides Update on the Announced Combination with PHERECYDES,(marketscreener.com) ERYTECH Provides Update on the Announced Combination with PHERECYDES         Entry into a definitive merger agreement between ERYTECH and PHERECYDESCompletion of a contribution in kind of PHERECYDES shares to ERYTECHCombination with PHERE…,ERYTECH Provides Update on the Announced Combination with PHERECYDESEntry into a definitive merger agreement between ERYTECH and PHERECYDESCompletion of a contribution in kind of PHERECYDES shares to ERYTECHCombination with PHERECYDES to be submitted to shareholders' vote on June 23  2023Lyon (France) and Cambridge (MA  US)  May 15  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  today provided an update on the announced combination with PHERECYDES.Update on the announced combination with PHERECYDESIn relation with the announced merger of PHERECYDES into ERYTECH (the “Proposed Merger”)  ERYTECH and PHERECYDES entered into a merger agreement on May 15  2023  pursuant to which PHERECYDES will be merged into ERYTECH and PHERECYDES shareholders will receive 15 new ERYTECH shares for every 4 PHERECYDES shares they own (the “Merger Agreement”).Further to the execution of the Merger Agreement  ERYTECH’s Board of Directors has reiterated its strong opposition to Akkadian Partners’ attempt to take the de facto control of ERYTECH with a view to reject the Proposed Merger and to impose its uncertain and risky projects for the Company.On March 20  2023  ERYTECH’s Works Council (Comité Social et Economique) issued a positive opinion on the Proposed Merger  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Finexsi  acting as an independent merger appraiser (commissaire à la fusion)  has reviewed the fairness of the exchange ratio for the Proposed Merger and issued its reports on May [15]  2023. In accordance with applicable law  such report will be made publicly available  including on ERYTECH’s website (www.erytech.com).The annual general meetings of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES shareholders will be called upon to vote on the Proposed Merger on June 23  2023.The Proposed Merger is expected to close shortly after the approval by both ERYTECH and PHERECYDES shareholders.Completion of a contribution in kind of PHERECYDES shares to ERYTECHAs announced in ERYTECH’s press release of February 15  2023  ERYTECH’s board of directors approved on May 5  2023  the contribution by Elaia Partners  Go Capital and a pool of PHERECYDES shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud  of 827 132 PHERECYDES shares to ERYTECH in consideration of 3 101 745 newly issued ERYTECH shares (the “Contribution”).The exchange ratio for the Contribution is the same as for the Proposed Merger.The Contribution was made in accordance with the delegation of authority granted by the 2022 extraordinary general meeting of ERYTECH shareholders under resolution 29 and on the basis of reports issued by Finexsi  acting as a contribution appraiser (commissaire aux apports)  in accordance with Articles L. 225-147 R. 22-10-7 and R. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code as well as AMF recommendation no. 2020-06.The Contribution has been completed on May 15  2023.Elaia Partners  Go Capital and the pool of PHERECYDES shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud have declared that they intend  together with AURIGA Partners  to act in concert with respect to ERYTECH.Further to the completion of the Contribution  ERYTECH’s share capital is composed of 34 120 298 shares and 35 620 887 theoretical voting rights (on a non-diluted basis).Additional details on the terms of the Contribution are set forth hereinafter.Appointment of Didier Hoch and Go Capital as ERYTECH board membersIn order to reflect ERYTECH’s new shareholding  Mrs. Mélanie Rolli et Mr. Luc Dochez have tendered their resignation as ERYTECH board members.As a result Didier Hoch and Go Capital (represented by Mrs Leila Nicolas) have been appointed by the board of directors of ERYTECH by way of cooptation  subject to ratification by the next annual general meeting of ERYTECH and for the remaining duration of their term of office.Such appointments will not change the contemplated governance of ERYTECH upon completion of the Proposed Merger which will remain in line with the description set out in the press release dated Feb. 15  2023 (notably  equal number of directors from the current ERYTECH and PHERECYDES boards before completion of the Contribution).Request for the appointment of an ad hoc agent for the purpose of representing absent shareholders to the general meeting of ERYTECH shareholdersIn view of the upcoming general meeting of ERYTECH shareholders  ERYTECH intends to file a request with the President of the Commercial Court of Lyon soliciting the appointment of an ad hoc agent (mandataire ad hoc).The ad hoc agent will represent absent ERYTECH shareholders to ensure that the required quorum is satisfied and the shareholders’ general meeting is allowed to validly resolve on all resolutions set forth on the agenda.In accordance with the terms of the order to be delivered by the President of the Commercial Court of Lyon  the ad hoc agent will exercise the voting rights attached to the shares of absent shareholders up to the quorum required by applicable law in a neutral way (proportion of 50% positive votes and 50% negative votes for resolutions submitted to the approval of the ordinary general meeting; proportion of 66.66% positive votes and 33.33% negative votes for resolutions submitted to the approval of the extraordinary general meeting). Therefore  voting rights exercised by the ad hoc agent will not have any impact on the result of the vote by the general meeting of ERYTECH shareholders.Additional details on the ContributionContributors Elaia Partners  Go Capital and a pool of PHERECYDES shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud Beneficiary ERYTECH Contributed shares 827 132 ordinary shares of PHERECYDES Total value of the contributed shares €1 894 132 Number of newly issued ERYTECH shares 3 101 745 ordinary shares of ERYTECH  representing a share capital increase of €310 174.50 and having the same rights and bearing the same obligations as existing ERYTECH shares Share capital premium The difference between the total value of the contribution  i.e.  €1 894 132  and the nominal amount of the share capital increase  i.e.  €310 174.50 euros will constitute a share capital premium (prime d’apport) of €1 583 957.50. Date of the Contribution The Contribution was approved on May 5  2023 by ERYTECH’s board of directors pursuant to the delegation of authority granted by resolution 29 of the 2022 extraordinary general meeting ERYTECH shareholders. Contribution appraiser In accordance with Articles L. 225-147  R. 22-10-7 and R. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code  Finexsi (represented by Mr Christophe Lambert) was appointed as contribution appraiser (commissaire aux apports)  for the preparation of the reports referred to in Articles L. 225-147 and R. 22-10-7 of the French Commercial Code and the AMF recommendation n° 2020-06. Dilution Based on a share capital composed of 31 018 553 shares and 32 519 152 theoretical voting rights as of March 31  2023  the shareholding of a shareholder holding 1% of ERYTECH’s share capital and 1% of ERYTECH’s theoretical voting rights prior to the issuance of the newly issued ERYTECH shares  will be reduced to around 0.91% of ERYTECH’s share capital and around 0.91% of ERYTECH’s theoretical voting rights as a result of the Contribution.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.On February 15 2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical results from and the development plans of eryaspase  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH’s expectations with respect to effects of the listing transfer of its ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) market reaction to the transfer of the listing of Erytech’s ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of ERYTECH’s shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Euronext regulated market; (3) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (4) the possibility that ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; and (5) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on March 28  2023 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28  2023 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.2,0.5,True,English,"['ERYTECH', 'Update', 'Combination', 'PHERECYDES', 'Comité Social et Economique', 'Mrs. Mélanie Rolli', 'next annual general meeting', 'annual general meetings', 'Mrs Leila Nicolas', 'red blood cells', 'de facto control', 'Mr. Guy Rigaud', '2022 extraordinary general meeting', 'Mr. Luc Dochez', 'ad hoc agent', 'upcoming general meeting', 'French Commercial Code', 'Akkadian Partners’ attempt', 'shareholders’ general meeting', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', '35,620,887 theoretical voting rights', 'independent merger appraiser', 'definitive merger agreement', 'ERYTECH board members', '15 new ERYTECH shares', 'new shareholding', 'Commercial Court', 'Elaia Partners', 'AURIGA Partners', ""shareholders' vote"", 'absent shareholders', 'innovative therapies', 'drug substances', 'strong opposition', 'risky projects', 'Works Council', 'positive opinion', 'applicable laws', 'exchange ratio', 'press release', 'Go Capital', 'Articles L.', 'AMF recommendation', 'share capital', 'Additional details', 'Didier Hoch', 'remaining duration', 'Such appointments', 'equal number', 'Proposed Merger', 'PHERECYDES shareholders', 'contribution appraiser', 'PHERECYDES boards', 'ERYTECH shareholders', 'diluted basis', 'PHERECYDES shares', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'current ERYTECH', 'ERYTECH Combination', '34,120,298 shares', 'Update', 'Completion', 'kind', 'June', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'US', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'ERYP', 'therapeutic', 'relation', 'May', 'execution', 'Directors', 'view', 'uncertain', 'March', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Finexsi', 'commissaire', 'fairness', 'reports', 'website', 'approval', 'February', 'pool', 'consideration', 'delegation', 'authority', 'resolution', 'apports', 'concert', 'respect', 'terms', 'order', 'resignation', 'result', 'way', 'cooptation', 'ratification', 'office', 'governance', 'line', 'description', 'Feb.', 'Request', 'purpose', 'President', 'mandataire', 'quorum', 'agenda', '3,101,745']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2669384/0/en/ERYTECH-Provides-Update-on-the-Announced-Combination-with-PHERECYDES.html,ERYTECH Provides Update on the Announced Combination with PHERECYDES,ERYTECH Provides Update on the Announced Combination with PHERECYDES          Entry into a definitive merger agreement between ERYTECH and......,English FrenchERYTECH Provides Update on the Announced Combination with PHERECYDESEntry into a definitive merger agreement between ERYTECH and PHERECYDESCompletion of a contribution in kind of PHERECYDES shares to ERYTECHCombination with PHERECYDES to be submitted to shareholders' vote on June 23  2023Lyon (France) and Cambridge (MA  US)  May 15  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  today provided an update on the announced combination with PHERECYDES.Update on the announced combination with PHERECYDESIn relation with the announced merger of PHERECYDES into ERYTECH (the “Proposed Merger”)  ERYTECH and PHERECYDES entered into a merger agreement on May 15  2023  pursuant to which PHERECYDES will be merged into ERYTECH and PHERECYDES shareholders will receive 15 new ERYTECH shares for every 4 PHERECYDES shares they own (the “Merger Agreement”).Further to the execution of the Merger Agreement  ERYTECH’s Board of Directors has reiterated its strong opposition to Akkadian Partners’ attempt to take the de facto control of ERYTECH with a view to reject the Proposed Merger and to impose its uncertain and risky projects for the Company.On March 20  2023  ERYTECH’s Works Council (Comité Social et Economique) issued a positive opinion on the Proposed Merger  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Finexsi  acting as an independent merger appraiser (commissaire à la fusion)  has reviewed the fairness of the exchange ratio for the Proposed Merger and issued its reports on May [15]  2023. In accordance with applicable law  such report will be made publicly available  including on ERYTECH’s website (www.erytech.com).The annual general meetings of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES shareholders will be called upon to vote on the Proposed Merger on June 23  2023.The Proposed Merger is expected to close shortly after the approval by both ERYTECH and PHERECYDES shareholders.Completion of a contribution in kind of PHERECYDES shares to ERYTECHAs announced in ERYTECH’s press release of February 15  2023  ERYTECH’s board of directors approved on May 5  2023  the contribution by Elaia Partners  Go Capital and a pool of PHERECYDES shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud  of 827 132 PHERECYDES shares to ERYTECH in consideration of 3 101 745 newly issued ERYTECH shares (the “Contribution”).The exchange ratio for the Contribution is the same as for the Proposed Merger.The Contribution was made in accordance with the delegation of authority granted by the 2022 extraordinary general meeting of ERYTECH shareholders under resolution 29 and on the basis of reports issued by Finexsi  acting as a contribution appraiser (commissaire aux apports)  in accordance with Articles L. 225-147 R. 22-10-7 and R. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code as well as AMF recommendation no. 2020-06.The Contribution has been completed on May 15  2023.Elaia Partners  Go Capital and the pool of PHERECYDES shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud have declared that they intend  together with AURIGA Partners  to act in concert with respect to ERYTECH.Further to the completion of the Contribution  ERYTECH’s share capital is composed of 34 120 298 shares and 35 620 887 theoretical voting rights (on a non-diluted basis).Additional details on the terms of the Contribution are set forth hereinafter.Appointment of Didier Hoch and Go Capital as ERYTECH board membersIn order to reflect ERYTECH’s new shareholding  Mrs. Mélanie Rolli et Mr. Luc Dochez have tendered their resignation as ERYTECH board members.As a result Didier Hoch and Go Capital (represented by Mrs Leila Nicolas) have been appointed by the board of directors of ERYTECH by way of cooptation  subject to ratification by the next annual general meeting of ERYTECH and for the remaining duration of their term of office.Such appointments will not change the contemplated governance of ERYTECH upon completion of the Proposed Merger which will remain in line with the description set out in the press release dated Feb. 15  2023 (notably  equal number of directors from the current ERYTECH and PHERECYDES boards before completion of the Contribution).Request for the appointment of an ad hoc agent for the purpose of representing absent shareholders to the general meeting of ERYTECH shareholdersIn view of the upcoming general meeting of ERYTECH shareholders  ERYTECH intends to file a request with the President of the Commercial Court of Lyon soliciting the appointment of an ad hoc agent (mandataire ad hoc).The ad hoc agent will represent absent ERYTECH shareholders to ensure that the required quorum is satisfied and the shareholders’ general meeting is allowed to validly resolve on all resolutions set forth on the agenda.In accordance with the terms of the order to be delivered by the President of the Commercial Court of Lyon  the ad hoc agent will exercise the voting rights attached to the shares of absent shareholders up to the quorum required by applicable law in a neutral way (proportion of 50% positive votes and 50% negative votes for resolutions submitted to the approval of the ordinary general meeting; proportion of 66.66% positive votes and 33.33% negative votes for resolutions submitted to the approval of the extraordinary general meeting). Therefore  voting rights exercised by the ad hoc agent will not have any impact on the result of the vote by the general meeting of ERYTECH shareholders.Additional details on the ContributionContributors Elaia Partners  Go Capital and a pool of PHERECYDES shareholders represented by Mr. Guy Rigaud Beneficiary ERYTECH Contributed shares 827 132 ordinary shares of PHERECYDES Total value of the contributed shares €1 894 132 Number of newly issued ERYTECH shares 3 101 745 ordinary shares of ERYTECH  representing a share capital increase of €310 174.50 and having the same rights and bearing the same obligations as existing ERYTECH shares Share capital premium The difference between the total value of the contribution  i.e.  €1 894 132  and the nominal amount of the share capital increase  i.e.  €310 174.50 euros will constitute a share capital premium (prime d’apport) of €1 583 957.50. Date of the Contribution The Contribution was approved on May 5  2023 by ERYTECH’s board of directors pursuant to the delegation of authority granted by resolution 29 of the 2022 extraordinary general meeting ERYTECH shareholders. Contribution appraiser In accordance with Articles L. 225-147  R. 22-10-7 and R. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code  Finexsi (represented by Mr Christophe Lambert) was appointed as contribution appraiser (commissaire aux apports)  for the preparation of the reports referred to in Articles L. 225-147 and R. 22-10-7 of the French Commercial Code and the AMF recommendation n° 2020-06. Dilution Based on a share capital composed of 31 018 553 shares and 32 519 152 theoretical voting rights as of March 31  2023  the shareholding of a shareholder holding 1% of ERYTECH’s share capital and 1% of ERYTECH’s theoretical voting rights prior to the issuance of the newly issued ERYTECH shares  will be reduced to around 0.91% of ERYTECH’s share capital and around 0.91% of ERYTECH’s theoretical voting rights as a result of the Contribution.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.On February 15 2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical results from and the development plans of eryaspase  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH’s expectations with respect to effects of the listing transfer of its ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) market reaction to the transfer of the listing of Erytech’s ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of ERYTECH’s shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Euronext regulated market; (3) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (4) the possibility that ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; and (5) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on March 28  2023 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28  2023 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['ERYTECH', 'Update', 'Combination', 'PHERECYDES', 'Comité Social et Economique', 'Mrs. Mélanie Rolli', 'next annual general meeting', 'annual general meetings', 'Mrs Leila Nicolas', 'red blood cells', 'de facto control', 'Mr. Guy Rigaud', '2022 extraordinary general meeting', 'Mr. Luc Dochez', 'ad hoc agent', 'upcoming general meeting', 'Akkadian Partners’ attempt', 'shareholders’ general meeting', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', '35,620,887 theoretical voting rights', 'French Commercial Code', 'independent merger appraiser', 'definitive merger agreement', 'ERYTECH board members', '15 new ERYTECH shares', 'English French', 'new shareholding', 'Commercial Court', 'Elaia Partners', 'AURIGA Partners', ""shareholders' vote"", 'drug substances', 'strong opposition', 'risky projects', 'Works Council', 'positive opinion', 'applicable laws', 'exchange ratio', 'press release', 'Go Capital', 'Articles L.', 'AMF recommendation', 'share capital', 'Additional details', 'Didier Hoch', 'remaining duration', 'Such appointments', 'equal number', 'Proposed Merger', 'PHERECYDES shareholders', 'contribution appraiser', 'absent shareholders', 'PHERECYDES boards', 'ERYTECH shareholders', 'diluted basis', 'PHERECYDES shares', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'current ERYTECH', 'ERYTECH Combination', '34,120,298 shares', 'Update', 'Completion', 'kind', 'June', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'US', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'ERYP', 'innovative', 'therapeutic', 'relation', 'May', 'execution', 'Directors', 'view', 'uncertain', 'March', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Finexsi', 'commissaire', 'fairness', 'reports', 'website', 'approval', 'February', 'pool', 'consideration', 'delegation', 'authority', 'resolution', 'apports', 'concert', 'respect', 'terms', 'order', 'resignation', 'result', 'way', 'cooptation', 'ratification', 'office', 'governance', 'line', 'description', 'Feb.', 'Request', 'purpose', 'President', 'mandataire', 'quorum', 'agenda', '3,101,745']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NB-AURORA-S-A-SICAF-RAIF-111326676/news/NB-Aurora-S-A-SICAF-RAIF-Inside-Information-Ad-Hoc-Information-Press-Release-43857127/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,NB Aurora S A SICAF RAIF : Inside Information / Ad Hoc Information Press Release,(marketscreener.com)   NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR THE UNITED STATES   This announcement is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the…,"NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR THE UNITED STATES This announcement is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States of America. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States  except pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States. The investment or investment activity related to the Company is available only to persons falling within the category of professional investors under the MIFID (the ""Exempted Persons"") and will be engaged in only with the Exempted Persons. Investors should not subscribe for any securities referred to in this document except on the basis of information contained in the prospectus. In any EEA Member State  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. The expression ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and includes any relevant implementing measure in the relevant Member State. This announcement is related to the disclosure of information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 para. 1 of the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 on market abuse. PRESS RELEASE NB AURORA: NET ASSET VALUE AT 31 MARCH 2023 EQUAL TO APPROXIMATELY EUR 312.9 MILLION (vs APPROXIMATELY EUR 310.3 MLN MILLION AT 31 DECEMBER 2022) CORRESPONDING TO APPROXIMATELY EUR 12.74 PER SHARE (vs ABOUT EUR €12.64 PER SHARE AT 31 DECEMBER 2022) Luxembourg  15 May 2023 - NB Aurora S.A. SICAF-RAIF (hereinafter ""NB Aurora"" or the ""Company"")  listed in Italy on Euronext MIV Milan - Professional Segment  organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  with the aim of acquiring holdings in unlisted Italian SMEs  announces that the Board of Directors  which met today  has determined the Net Asset Value (""NAV"") as at 31 March 2023. The NAV is equal to EUR 312 863 914 corresponding to a NAV per outstanding share of EUR 12.7423 (calculated as the ratio of the NAV  equal to EUR 312 863 914 to the total number of shares of 24 553 115). The positive NAV change registered since the beginning of the year is mainly due to an increase in the valuation of the investments in NB Aurora's portfolio. In detail  the NAV is made up as follows: EUR 10.1 million is represented by the units of Fondo Italiano di Investmento  approximately EUR 238.8 million by the units of the investments in NB Aurora Holdings (Club del Sole  Dierre Group  PHSE  BluVet  Rino Mastrotto  Veneta Cucine  Comet  Farmo  Exacer and Promopharma)  approximately EUR 40.1 million by the investment in Engineering Ingegneria Informatica  and approximately EUR 23.8 million in cash  other assets and liabilities. The financial data in this press release have not been audited. Definitions Net Asset Value (value of assets less liabilities) 1NB Aurora NB Aurora  the first permanent capital vehicle listed in Italy on the Euronext MIV Milan - Professional Segment  has been created with the purpose to invest in unlisted SMEs  conveying financial resources to support their growth and international expansion  thus helping to support the real economy. NB Aurora is promoted by Neuberger Berman  a private  independent  employee-owned investment manager  with $427 billion AUM (as of 31 December 2022). The investment target includes top- class SMEs with a leading position in specialized niches and a strong export attitude with a turnover between €30 and €300 million. NB Aurora team operates with an active minority approach  partnering with entrepreneurs with a medium-long term horizon. After the first deal that led NB Aurora to acquire 44.55% of the shares of Fondo Italiano di Investimento (17 initial shareholdings of which it currently still holds the investments in DBA Group  Amut Group and Zeis Excelsa)  the fund invested in 11 companies: Club del Sole (leader in the camping-village sector in Italy)  Dierre Group (leader in Italy in the production of tech components for industrial automation)  PHSE (Italian leader in the temperature-controlled transport of drugs and biological samples)  BluVet (network of veterinary clinics)  Rino Mastrotto Group (world leader in the production and marketing of leathers for fashion  automotive and furniture industries)  Engineering (leader in Italy in the digital transformation of companies  public and private organizations)  Veneta Cucine (Europe's leading manufacturer of fitted kitchens) Comet (leader in Italy in the development and production of tailor-made organic rubber and silicone compounds)  Farmo (leader in the production of 'better for you' gluten-free products)  Exacer (active in the specialty chemicals business through the development and production of catalyst supports) and PromoPharma (specialized in the production and commercialization of food supplements  dietary food and innovative medical devices). For further information on NB Aurora: Image Building Cristina Fossati  Luisella Murtas  Laura Filosi Ph. +39 02 89011 300 Email nb@imagebuilding.it IR_NBAurora@nb.com www.nbaurora.com This document is addressed to professional clients only. Neuberger Berman AIFM SARL is authorised and regulated as an alternative investment fund manager by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) and is registered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  at 9  rue du Laboratoire  L-1911 Luxembourg. NB Aurora S.A. SICAF-RAIF is reserved alternative investment fund (RAIF) in the form of an investment company with fixed capital (société d'investissement à capital fixe capital SICAF) as per the Luxembourg law of 26 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds. The information in this document does not constitute investment advice or an investment recommendation and is only a brief summary of certain key aspects of the fund. An investment in the fund involves risks  with the potential for above average risk  and is only suitable for people who are in a position to take such risks. For more information please read the prospectus and principal fund documents. In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a ""Member State"")  this document may only be distributed and shares may only be offered or placed in a Member State to the extent that: (1) the fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD (as implemented into the local lawithregulation of the relevant Member State); or (2) this document may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the shares may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the investor). In relation to each Member State of the EEA which  at the date of this document  has not implemented AIFMD  this document may only be distributed and shares may only be offered or placed to the extent that this document may be lawfully distributed and the shares may lawfully be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the investor). Germany: Shares of the fund may in particular not be distributed or marketed in any way to German retail or semi-professional investors if the fund is not admitted for distribution to these investor categories by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). United Kingdom: This document is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA's Conduct of Business Sourcebook. The opportunity to invest in the Fund is only available to such persons in the United Kingdom and this document must not be relied or acted upon by any other persons in the United Kingdom. Switzerland: The distribution of this fund in Switzerland will be exclusively made to  and directed at  qualified investors (""Qualified Investors"")  as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006  as amended (""CISA"") and its implementing ordinance  the Collective Investment Schemes Ordinance of 22 November 2006  as amended (""CISO""). Accordingly  the fund has not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (""FINMA""). This document and/or any other offering materials relating to the fund may be made available in Switzerland solely to Qualified Investors. The fund is domiciled in Luxembourg. The Swiss representative is FIRST INDEPENDENT FUND SERVICES LTD  Klausstrasse 33  CH - 8008 Zurich and the Swiss paying agent is Helvetische Bank AG  Seefeldstrasse 215  CH-8008 Zurich. The principal fund documents may be obtained 2",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.19,0.51,True,English,"['NB Aurora S A SICAF RAIF', 'Ad Hoc Information Press Release', 'Inside Information', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'private, independent, employee-owned investment manager', 'NB Aurora S.A. SICAF-RAIF', 'Fondo Italiano di Investmento', 'Fondo Italiano di Investimento', 'first permanent capital vehicle', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'NB Aurora NB Aurora', 'relevant implementing measure', 'Euronext MIV Milan', 'Club del Sole', 'strong export attitude', 'NB Aurora team', 'active minority approach', 'medium-long term horizon', 'tailor-made organic rubber', 'specialty chemicals business', 'top- class SMEs', 'EEA Member State', 'relevant Member State', 'NB Aurora Holdings', 'Engineering Ingegneria Informatica', 'Net Asset Value', 'unlisted Italian SMEs', 'positive NAV change', 'Rino Mastrotto Group', 'private organizations', 'unlisted SMEs', 'first deal', 'investment activity', 'Dierre Group', 'investment target', 'DBA Group', 'Amut Group', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'UNITED STATES', 'applicable exemption', 'Article 7 para.', 'market abuse', 'Professional Segment', 'total number', 'Veneta Cucine', 'financial data', 'financial resources', 'international expansion', 'real economy', 'Neuberger Berman', '427 billion AUM', 'leading position', 'specialized niches', 'Zeis Excelsa', 'camping-village sector', 'industrial automation', 'Italian leader', 'temperature-controlled transport', 'biological samples', 'veterinary clinics', 'furniture industries', 'digital transformation', 'leading manufacturer', 'fitted kitchens', 'silicone compounds', 'gluten-free products', 'catalyst supports', 'professional investors', 'Exempted Persons', 'qualified investors', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'public offering', '3 MLN MILLION', 'other assets', 'less liabilities', 'world leader', 'outstanding share', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'announcement', 'publication', 'America', 'sale', 'registration', 'Company', 'category', 'MIFID', 'document', 'basis', 'information', 'communication', 'meaning', 'expression', 'disclosure', 'inside', 'No.', '31 MARCH', 'APPROXIMATELY', '31 DECEMBER', 'Luxembourg', '15 May', 'Italy', 'aim', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shares', 'beginning', 'year', 'increase', 'investments', 'portfolio', 'detail', 'units', 'PHSE', 'BluVet', 'Comet', 'Farmo', 'Exacer', 'Promopharma', 'cash', 'Definitions', 'purpose', 'growth', 'turnover', 'entrepreneurs', 'fund', '11 companies', 'production', 'components', 'drugs', 'network', 'marketing', 'leathers', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'Europe', 'development']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECO-2030-ASA-113653065/news/TECO-2030-completes-production-of-the-first-stack-in-Narvik-43850292/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,TECO 2030 completes production of the first stack in Narvik,(marketscreener.com) NARVIK  Norway  May 15  2023 -- TECO 2030 completes the first manual fuel cell stack production in Narvik. The TECO 2030 Fuel Cell stack is a 100kW Proton Exchange Membrane fuel cell stack purposely developed for marine  heavy duty  stati…,NARVIK  Norway  May 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TECO 2030 (OSE: TECO  OTCQX: TECFF  ISIN: NO0010887516) completes the first manual fuel cell stack production in Narvik. The TECO 2030 Fuel Cell stack is a 100kW Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) fuel cell stack purposely developed for marine  heavy duty  stationary or mobile power applications.Stack0001Narvik: The first ever TECO 2030 fuel cell stack built in Narvik.“We are now making a transition into commercial production of the first fuel cell stacks at our own facility in Narvik. This is a big milestone  and I am grateful for what the team has achieved together with our strong partners. Today we can offer the first bottom-up developed marine and heavy-duty PEM fuel cell technology ” says Tore Enger  Group CEO  TECO 2030. “This brings us one step closer to cleaner operations in energy intensive industries such as marine shipping  and mobile and stationary heavy-duty applications with a scalable plug and play solution ranging from 400kW’s and upwards.”Among the first TECO 2030 fuel cell stacks  which is being deployed  is an Implenia Norway’s 800kW HydroPilot container  which will be in operation end of 2023. A land-based stationary fuel cell application to provide renewable power output for demonstrating a zero-emission power generator at a construction site. The HydroPilot container is funded by the Norwegian state-owned funding company ENOVA SF with approx. EUR 1.5 million.TECO 2030 Fuel Cells: On the left is an illustration of Implenia’s HydroPilot container and on the right is HyEkoTank project for Tarbit Shipping and Shell.Following the production of Implenia’s container  TECO 2030’s Narvik team will start the production of the fuel cell stacks for the EU-funded Horizon Europe HyEkoTank project. HyEkoTank will demonstrate the world’s first and largest 2.4 MW marine fuel cell system for a retrofit installation onboard a product tanker owned by Tarbit Shipping AB sailing on charter to a Shell plc subsidiary.Cutting the ribbon: Rune Karlsen (right)  Managing Director at TECO 2030 Innovation Center  cutting the ribbon together with Ingrid Martenson Bortne (left) from Innovation Norway at the giga factory opening ceremony. Photo: Øyvind Paulsen  hydrogen24.no.The 100kW fuel cell stacks  which are now being produced at the TECO 2030 Innovation Center in Narvik  are designed with cutting-edge fuel cell technologies  optimized for high efficiency and durability. TECO 2030's fuel cell systems can easily be adapted and customized to meet specific power requirements in a variety of heavy applications. This flexibility allows for seamless integration into a diverse portfolio of applications  ranging from maritime and transportation to industrial sectors.TECO 2030 is building up Europe's first giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of up to 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is committed to continue its mission towards zero emission by eliminating and reducing the harmful emissions in several heavy-polluting industries.Contact:Tore Enger  Group CEO  +47 920 83 800  tore.enger@teco2030.noAbout TECO 2030:TECO 2030 is building up Europe's first giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is a Norwegian based clean tech company developing zero-emission technology for the maritime and heavy industry. We are developing PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks and PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules  that enable ships and other heavy-duty applications to become emissions-free. The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. TECO 2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  a group that has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. For more information  please visit www.teco2030.no.Photos accompanying this announcement are available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/2523ac38-003c-4fb6-8a61-d234cebf8324https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/1bdd25c2-ed2b-43ea-8685-074d9d02cf4chttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/cf93f01c-6142-463c-815b-0cd24f0511b1A video accompanying this announcement is available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/49cd75c3-da0c-4918-87f5-5fe021b83961,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['first stack', 'TECO', 'production', 'Narvik', 'largest 2.4 MW marine fuel cell system', 'first manual fuel cell stack production', 'hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks', 'Norwegian based clean tech company', 'land-based stationary fuel cell application', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules', 'heavy-duty PEM fuel cell technology', 'The TECO 2030 Fuel Cell stack', 'first TECO 2030 fuel cell stacks', 'PEM) fuel cell stack', '100kW fuel cell stacks', 'cutting-edge fuel cell technologies', 'first fuel cell stacks', 'giga factory opening ceremony', 'Norwegian state-owned funding company', '100kW Proton Exchange Membrane', 'first giga production facility', 'fuel cell systems', 'Horizon Europe HyEkoTank project', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'stationary heavy-duty applications', 'other heavy-duty applications', 'energy intensive industries', 'Ingrid Martenson Bortne', 'specific power requirements', 'several heavy-polluting industries', 'The HydroPilot container', 'TECO 2030 Fuel Cells', 'zero-emission power generator', 'up to 120 MW', 'renewable power output', 'Tarbit Shipping AB', 'Shell plc subsidiary', 'global shipping industry', '800kW HydroPilot container', 'mobile power applications', 'TECO 2030 Innovation Center', 'TECO Maritime Group', 'marine shipping', 'first bottom-up', 'zero-emission technology', 'commercial production', 'production capacity', 'heavy industry', 'heavy applications', 'output capacity', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'big milestone', 'strong partners', 'Group CEO', 'cleaner operations', 'scalable plug', 'play solution', 'construction site', 'ENOVA SF', 'retrofit installation', 'product tanker', 'Rune Karlsen', 'Managing Director', 'Øyvind Paulsen', 'high efficiency', 'seamless integration', 'diverse portfolio', 'industrial sectors', 'zero emission', 'harmful emissions', 'Euronext Growth', 'New York', 'Tore Enger', 'Narvik team', 'Implenia Norway', '400 MW', 'OSE', 'OTCQX', 'TECFF', 'ISIN', 'transition', '400kW', 'left', 'illustration', 'right', 'EU-funded', 'world', 'charter', 'ribbon', 'Photo', 'durability', 'variety', 'flexibility', 'transportation', '1.6 GW', 'Contact', 'ships', 'ticker', 'spinoff', 'services', 'information', 'announcement', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom', 'AttachmentNg', 'video', '2023']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENOGIA-124598158/news/Enogia-Signing-of-a-first-order-for-economy-of-use-ORC-modules-with-an-agricultural-grouping-in-Nor-43856564/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Enogia: Signing of a first order for economy-of-use ORC modules with an agricultural grouping in Normandy,(marketscreener.com) ENOGIAEnogia: Signing of a first order for economy-of-use ORC modules with an agricultural grouping in Normandy 15-May-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely …,ENOGIAEnogia: Signing of a first order for economy-of-use ORC modules with an agricultural grouping in Normandy15-May-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Signing of a first order for economy-of-use ORC modules with an agricultural grouping in NormandyGreen Shield Power Solution  an ultra-competitive offer for the production of low-carbon  local and renewable electricityMarseille  15 May 2023 – 6 p.m.ENOGIA (ISIN code: FR0014004974 – ticker: ALENO  an expert in micro-turbomachinery for the energy transition  announces the first sale of ORC modules via Green Shield Power Solution  its new commercial offer dedicated to the economy of use.The firm order was placed by Adeline  a collective agricultural grouping (GAEC) based in Saint-Pierre du Mesnil (Eure)  which combines a variety of agricultural activities on nearly 350 hectares: a farm with 120 dairy cows  organic arboriculture and crops for milk production (grass and corn).The contract covers the sale of electricity (PPA model) and the provision of maintenance services for a period of 10 years. The investment in ORC modules will be made through Enogia Asset Biogaz  a joint venture between the Company and its financial partner  Eiffel Gaz Vert.Green Shield Power Solution  at the heart of decarbonisation challengesWith a commitment to the recovery of its organic waste and its conversion into heat and electricity dating back to 2013  the Adeline GAEC chose ENOGIA’s support for the recovery of the waste heat from its anaerobic digestion unit. Without any initial investment  the ORC modules made available to it will generate immediate financial gains through the reduction of its energy bill and the receipt of additional income from the sale of the surplus energy produced to private or public actors.In an environment characterised by volatile and sustainably high energy prices  ENOGIA’s Green Shield Power Solution offer provides industrial companies with a means to secure their local energy supply  at prices below market prices. The energy produced from their own waste heat can be used to supply neighbouring buildings through a heating network or to intensify projects geared towards converting their activities to “zero emissions”.A first significant success in an environment abounding with opportunitiesOn the strength of this first success for the Green Shield offer and the marked interest it has sparked among the Company’s prospects  ENOGIA expects the new model to ramp up in the current year  and to generate recurring revenues and greater value creation over the medium term. This growth will be facilitated by the heightened skills of the sales teams recruited since the IPO.ENOGIA remains extremely confident in its ability to significantly accelerate its commercial rollout and its growth trajectory. The Company confirms that it is targeting an increase of more than 50% in revenue in 2023  combined with positive EBITDA. Growth is also expected to average more than 50% per year in both 2024 and 2025.Next release:Half-year revenue on 27 July 2023 after tradingAbout ENOGIA ENOGIA responds to the major challenges of the ecological and energy transition with its unique and patented technology of compact  light and durable micro-turbomachinery. As the French leader in heat-to-electricity conversion with its wide range of ORC modules  ENOGIA enables its customers to produce decarbonised electricity and to recover waste or renewable heat. Since 2020  ENOGIA has also been marketing air compressors for Hydrogen Fuel Cells  thereby contributing to the development of hydrogen mobility  a booming market. With sales in more than 25 countries  ENOGIA continues to prospect for new customers in France and internationally. Founded in 2009 and based in Marseille  ENOGIA has some 60 employees involved in the design  production and marketing of environmentally friendly technological solutions. ENOGIA’s CSR commitment represents an “Advanced” level of performance according to EthiFinance. ENOGIA is listed on Euronext Growth Paris. Ticker: ALENO. ISIN code: FR0014004974. LEI: 969500IANLNITRI3R653. Contacts EnogiaAntonin Pauchet Deputy CEOantonin.pauchet@enogia.com04 84 25 60 17ActifinMarianne PyInvestor relationsmpy@actifin.fr01 80 48 25 31 ActifinLoris DaougabelPress relationsldaougabel@actifin.fr01 56 88 11 16Find all of ENOGIA’s news onhttps://enogia.com/investisseurs,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['first order', 'ORC modules', 'agricultural grouping', 'Enogia', 'economy', 'use', 'Normandy', 'environmentally friendly technological solutions', 'Green Shield Power Solution', 'Antonin Pauchet Deputy CEO', 'Green Shield offer', 'Saint-Pierre du Mesnil', 'Eiffel Gaz Vert', 'anaerobic digestion unit', 'greater value creation', 'immediate financial gains', 'Hydrogen Fuel Cells', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'first significant success', 'local energy supply', 'collective agricultural grouping', 'French Regulatory News', 'new commercial offer', 'Enogia Asset Biogaz', 'high energy prices', 'first success', 'ultra-competitive offer', 'low-carbon, local', 'financial partner', 'commercial rollout', 'French leader', 'hydrogen mobility', 'new model', 'first order', 'energy transition', 'energy bill', 'surplus energy', 'ORC modules', 'EQS Group', 'ISIN code', 'firm order', '120 dairy cows', 'organic arboriculture', 'PPA model', 'maintenance services', 'joint venture', 'decarbonisation challenges', 'additional income', 'public actors', 'industrial companies', 'market prices', 'neighbouring buildings', 'heating network', 'zero emissions', 'recurring revenues', 'medium term', 'positive EBITDA', 'Next release', 'major challenges', 'patented technology', 'compact, light', 'wide range', 'air compressors', 'booming market', 'Advanced” level', 'Marianne Py', 'Investor relations', 'Loris Daougabel', 'Press relations', 'new customers', 'agricultural activities', 'organic waste', 'growth trajectory', 'renewable electricity', 'decarbonised electricity', 'renewable heat', 'first sale', 'initial investment', 'current year', 'sales teams', 'Half-year revenue', 'durable micro-turbomachinery', 'CSR commitment', 'waste heat', 'milk production', 'The Company', 'electricity conversion', 'Adeline GAEC', 'ENOGIA ENOGIA', 'economy', 'use', 'Normandy', 'May', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Signing', 'Marseille', 'ticker', 'ALENO', 'expert', 'Eure', 'variety', '350 hectares', 'farm', 'crops', 'grass', 'corn', 'contract', 'provision', 'period', '10 years', 'heart', 'recovery', 'support', 'reduction', 'receipt', 'private', 'volatile', 'means', 'projects', 'opportunities', 'strength', 'interest', 'prospects', 'heightened', 'skills', 'IPO', 'ability', 'increase', '27 July', 'ecological', 'unique', 'development', '25 countries', 'France', '60 employees', 'design', 'marketing', 'performance', 'EthiFinance', 'LEI', 'Contacts', 'Actifin', 'investisseurs']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONWARD-MEDICAL-N-V-128192407/news/ONWARD-Announces-First-in-Human-Use-of-ARC-IM-trade-Lead-to-Restore-Movement-and-Function-after-Spi-43856287/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,ONWARD Announces First-in-Human Use of ARC-IM™ Lead to Restore Movement and Function after Spinal Cord Injury,(marketscreener.com) New lead is purpose-designed to optimize the delivery of ONWARD ARC Therapy™EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  May 15  2023 -- ONWARD Medical N.V.   the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  function  and …,New lead is purpose-designed to optimize the delivery of ONWARD ARC Therapy™EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  May 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announced the successful first-in-human use of its investigational ARC-IM Lead.The ARC-IM Lead delivers targeted electrical pulses to the spinal cord and is a key component of the ONWARD ARC-IM system  an innovative platform engineered to deliver ARC Therapy to address multiple indications. The ARC-IM Lead is designed to be used with the ARC-IM neurostimulator (IPG) and is purpose-built for placement along the spinal cord to stimulate the dorsal roots  with specific parameters designed for each anatomical location. ONWARD is developing a portfolio of ARC-IM Leads in a range of sizes  shapes  and electrode arrays for the many indications the Company is developing or exploring  such as improved blood pressure management  mobility  upper extremity function  and bladder control.The ARC-IM Lead was implanted today by Jocelyne Bloch  MD  neurosurgeon at Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois (CHUV) in Lausanne  Switzerland  to benefit a patient with poor blood pressure regulation following SCI.“The shape and electrode placement of the ARC-IM Lead are unique  providing characteristics I have long wanted for my patients with spinal cord injury  while exhibiting the same feel as the leads I have implanted for many years ” said Dr. Bloch.During today’s surgery  the ARC-IM Lead was placed in the “Hemodynamic Hotspot” along the thoracic spinal cord  an area in which targeted electrical stimulation may restore better blood pressure regulation after an SCI. This specific location and accompanying mechanism of action were first discovered by the Company’s research partners at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL) and University of Calgary and published in Nature in January 2021.In December 2022  ONWARD announced positive interim results from the first ten people treated with targeted ARC-IM Therapy to improve blood pressure regulation following SCI. All participants reported improved quality of life. ONWARD received an FDA Breakthrough Device Designation in 2021 for this indication.“The purpose-designed ARC-IM Lead will unlock our ability to optimally deliver ARC Therapy to address many of the challenges faced by people with spinal cord injury ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “We look forward to using the lead to pursue restoration of mobility and other indications in the future.”All ONWARD devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD® MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injuries. The Company’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD ARC Therapy™  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM™) or external (ARC-EX®) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received eight Breakthrough Device Designations from the U.S. FDA. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in 2022 from the Company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the US and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead placed near the spinal cord. The Company completed the first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator and reported positive interim clinical outcomes for ARC-IM Therapy for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI in 2022.ONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland  and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between EPFL  the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about the Company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2023 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.For Company Enquiries:info@onwd.comFor Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Lara Smith Weber  CFOinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,0.94,0.06,mixed,0.65,0.1,0.25,True,English,"['Spinal Cord Injury', 'Human Use', 'ARC-IM™ Lead', 'ONWARD', 'Movement', 'Function', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois', 'eight Breakthrough Device Designations', 'FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'growing U.S. presence', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'poor blood pressure regulation', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'U.S. FDA', 'positive interim results', 'blood pressure management', 'Positive top-line data', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'first pivotal study', 'upper extremity strength', 'marketing approval submissions', 'Lara Smith Weber', 'spinal cord injury', 'thoracic spinal cord', 'spinal cord injuries', 'targeted electrical pulses', 'external, non-invasive platform', 'implantable pulse generator', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'external (ARC-EX®) systems', 'upper extremity function', 'first ten people', 'investigational ARC-IM Lead', 'ONWARD ARC-IM system', 'medical technology company', 'ONWARD ARC Therapy™', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'electrical stimulation', 'The ARC-IM Lead', 'ONWARD® Medical', 'innovative platform', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'New lead', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'human use', 'key component', 'multiple indications', 'ARC-IM neurostimulator', 'dorsal roots', 'specific parameters', 'anatomical location', 'electrode arrays', 'many indications', 'bladder control', 'Jocelyne Bloch', 'same feel', 'many years', 'Dr. Bloch', 'Hemodynamic Hotspot', 'specific location', 'accompanying mechanism', 'research partners', 'Dave Marver', 'other indications', 'commercial use', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'wireless programmer', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'additional information', '2023 Financial Calendar', 'Media Enquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'VP Communications', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'ONWARD devices', 'Company Enquiries', 'The Company', 'ARC-IM Leads', 'electrode placement', 'basic science', 'ARC-IM™', 'delivery', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'IPG', 'portfolio', 'range', 'sizes', 'shapes', 'improved', 'mobility', 'MD', 'neurosurgeon', 'CHUV', 'Switzerland', 'patient', 'characteristics', 'today', 'surgery', 'area', 'action', 'EPFL', 'Calgary', 'Nature', 'January', 'December', 'participants', 'quality', 'life', 'ability', 'challenges', 'CEO', 'restoration', 'future', 'work', 'world', 'Europe', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'CFO', 'Disclaimer', 'statements', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668358/0/en/TECO-2030-completes-production-of-the-first-stack-in-Narvik.html,TECO 2030 completes production of the first stack in Narvik,NARVIK  Norway  May 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TECO 2030 (OSE: TECO  OTCQX: TECFF  ISIN: NO0010887516) completes the first manual fuel cell stack production in Narvik. The TECO 2030 Fuel Cell stack is a 100kW Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) fuel cell stack p…,NARVIK  Norway  May 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TECO 2030 (OSE: TECO  OTCQX: TECFF  ISIN: NO0010887516) completes the first manual fuel cell stack production in Narvik. The TECO 2030 Fuel Cell stack is a 100kW Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) fuel cell stack purposely developed for marine  heavy duty  stationary or mobile power applications.Stack0001Narvik: The first ever TECO 2030 fuel cell stack built in Narvik.“We are now making a transition into commercial production of the first fuel cell stacks at our own facility in Narvik. This is a big milestone  and I am grateful for what the team has achieved together with our strong partners. Today we can offer the first bottom-up developed marine and heavy-duty PEM fuel cell technology ” says Tore Enger  Group CEO  TECO 2030. “This brings us one step closer to cleaner operations in energy intensive industries such as marine shipping  and mobile and stationary heavy-duty applications with a scalable plug and play solution ranging from 400kW’s and upwards.”Among the first TECO 2030 fuel cell stacks  which is being deployed  is an Implenia Norway’s 800kW HydroPilot container  which will be in operation end of 2023. A land-based stationary fuel cell application to provide renewable power output for demonstrating a zero-emission power generator at a construction site. The HydroPilot container is funded by the Norwegian state-owned funding company ENOVA SF with approx. EUR 1.5 million.TECO 2030 Fuel Cells: On the left is an illustration of Implenia’s HydroPilot container and on the right is HyEkoTank project for Tarbit Shipping and Shell.Following the production of Implenia’s container  TECO 2030’s Narvik team will start the production of the fuel cell stacks for the EU-funded Horizon Europe HyEkoTank project. HyEkoTank will demonstrate the world’s first and largest 2.4 MW marine fuel cell system for a retrofit installation onboard a product tanker owned by Tarbit Shipping AB sailing on charter to a Shell plc subsidiary.Cutting the ribbon: Rune Karlsen (right)  Managing Director at TECO 2030 Innovation Center  cutting the ribbon together with Ingrid Martenson Bortne (left) from Innovation Norway at the giga factory opening ceremony. Photo: Øyvind Paulsen  hydrogen24.no.The 100kW fuel cell stacks  which are now being produced at the TECO 2030 Innovation Center in Narvik  are designed with cutting-edge fuel cell technologies  optimized for high efficiency and durability. TECO 2030's fuel cell systems can easily be adapted and customized to meet specific power requirements in a variety of heavy applications. This flexibility allows for seamless integration into a diverse portfolio of applications  ranging from maritime and transportation to industrial sectors.TECO 2030 is building up Europe's first giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of up to 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is committed to continue its mission towards zero emission by eliminating and reducing the harmful emissions in several heavy-polluting industries.Contact:Tore Enger  Group CEO  +47 920 83 800  tore.enger@teco2030.noAbout TECO 2030:TECO 2030 is building up Europe's first giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is a Norwegian based clean tech company developing zero-emission technology for the maritime and heavy industry. We are developing PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks and PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules  that enable ships and other heavy-duty applications to become emissions-free. The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. TECO 2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  a group that has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. For more information  please visit www.teco2030.no.Photos accompanying this announcement are available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/2523ac38-003c-4fb6-8a61-d234cebf8324https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/1bdd25c2-ed2b-43ea-8685-074d9d02cf4chttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/cf93f01c-6142-463c-815b-0cd24f0511b1A video accompanying this announcement is available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/49cd75c3-da0c-4918-87f5-5fe021b83961,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['first stack', 'TECO', 'production', 'Narvik', 'largest 2.4 MW marine fuel cell system', 'first manual fuel cell stack production', 'hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks', 'Norwegian based clean tech company', 'land-based stationary fuel cell application', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules', 'heavy-duty PEM fuel cell technology', 'The TECO 2030 Fuel Cell stack', 'first TECO 2030 fuel cell stacks', 'PEM) fuel cell stack', '100kW fuel cell stacks', 'cutting-edge fuel cell technologies', 'first fuel cell stacks', 'giga factory opening ceremony', 'Norwegian state-owned funding company', '100kW Proton Exchange Membrane', 'first giga production facility', 'fuel cell systems', 'Horizon Europe HyEkoTank project', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'stationary heavy-duty applications', 'other heavy-duty applications', 'energy intensive industries', 'Ingrid Martenson Bortne', 'specific power requirements', 'several heavy-polluting industries', 'The HydroPilot container', 'TECO 2030 Fuel Cells', 'zero-emission power generator', 'up to 120 MW', 'renewable power output', 'Tarbit Shipping AB', 'Shell plc subsidiary', 'global shipping industry', '800kW HydroPilot container', 'mobile power applications', 'TECO 2030 Innovation Center', 'TECO Maritime Group', 'marine shipping', 'first bottom-up', 'zero-emission technology', 'commercial production', 'production capacity', 'heavy industry', 'heavy applications', 'output capacity', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'big milestone', 'strong partners', 'Group CEO', 'cleaner operations', 'scalable plug', 'play solution', 'construction site', 'ENOVA SF', 'retrofit installation', 'product tanker', 'Rune Karlsen', 'Managing Director', 'Øyvind Paulsen', 'high efficiency', 'seamless integration', 'diverse portfolio', 'industrial sectors', 'zero emission', 'harmful emissions', 'Euronext Growth', 'New York', 'Tore Enger', 'Narvik team', 'Implenia Norway', '400 MW', 'OSE', 'OTCQX', 'TECFF', 'ISIN', 'transition', '400kW', 'left', 'illustration', 'right', 'EU-funded', 'world', 'charter', 'ribbon', 'Photo', 'durability', 'variety', 'flexibility', 'transportation', '1.6 GW', 'Contact', 'ships', 'ticker', 'spinoff', 'services', 'information', 'announcement', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom', 'AttachmentNg', 'video', '2023']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43850466/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1075 £ 23.9645 Estimated MTD return 0.13 % 0.19 % Estimated YTD return -2.38 % -1.89 % Estimated ITD return 171.08 % 139.64 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.10 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.72 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.7128 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.9670The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43850464/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1075 £ 23.9645 Estimated MTD return 0.13 % 0.19 % Estimated YTD return -2.38 % -1.89 % Estimated ITD return 171.08 % 139.64 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.10 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.72 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.7128 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.9670The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24916,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2669087/0/en/ONWARD-Announces-First-in-Human-Use-of-ARC-IM-Lead-to-Restore-Movement-and-Function-after-Spinal-Cord-Injury.html,ONWARD Announces First-in-Human Use of ARC-IM™ Lead to Restore Movement and Function after Spinal Cord Injury,New lead is purpose-designed to optimize the delivery of ONWARD ARC Therapy™ New lead is purpose-designed to optimize the delivery of ONWARD ARC Therapy™,English Dutch French GermanEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  May 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announced the successful first-in-human use of its investigational ARC-IM Lead.The ARC-IM Lead delivers targeted electrical pulses to the spinal cord and is a key component of the ONWARD ARC-IM system  an innovative platform engineered to deliver ARC Therapy to address multiple indications. The ARC-IM Lead is designed to be used with the ARC-IM neurostimulator (IPG) and is purpose-built for placement along the spinal cord to stimulate the dorsal roots  with specific parameters designed for each anatomical location. ONWARD is developing a portfolio of ARC-IM Leads in a range of sizes  shapes  and electrode arrays for the many indications the Company is developing or exploring  such as improved blood pressure management  mobility  upper extremity function  and bladder control.The ARC-IM Lead was implanted today by Jocelyne Bloch  MD  neurosurgeon at Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois (CHUV) in Lausanne  Switzerland  to benefit a patient with poor blood pressure regulation following SCI.“The shape and electrode placement of the ARC-IM Lead are unique  providing characteristics I have long wanted for my patients with spinal cord injury  while exhibiting the same feel as the leads I have implanted for many years ” said Dr. Bloch.During today’s surgery  the ARC-IM Lead was placed in the “Hemodynamic Hotspot” along the thoracic spinal cord  an area in which targeted electrical stimulation may restore better blood pressure regulation after an SCI. This specific location and accompanying mechanism of action were first discovered by the Company’s research partners at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL) and University of Calgary and published in Nature in January 2021.In December 2022  ONWARD announced positive interim results from the first ten people treated with targeted ARC-IM Therapy to improve blood pressure regulation following SCI. All participants reported improved quality of life. ONWARD received an FDA Breakthrough Device Designation in 2021 for this indication.“The purpose-designed ARC-IM Lead will unlock our ability to optimally deliver ARC Therapy to address many of the challenges faced by people with spinal cord injury ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “We look forward to using the lead to pursue restoration of mobility and other indications in the future.”All ONWARD devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD® MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injuries. The Company’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD ARC Therapy™  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM™) or external (ARC-EX®) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received eight Breakthrough Device Designations from the U.S. FDA. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in 2022 from the Company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the US and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead placed near the spinal cord. The Company completed the first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator and reported positive interim clinical outcomes for ARC-IM Therapy for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI in 2022.ONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland  and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between EPFL  the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about the Company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2023 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.For Company Enquiries:info@onwd.comFor Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Lara Smith Weber  CFOinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,0.94,0.06,mixed,0.63,0.19,0.18,True,English,"['Spinal Cord Injury', 'Human Use', 'ARC-IM™ Lead', 'ONWARD', 'Movement', 'Function', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'English Dutch French German', 'Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois', 'eight Breakthrough Device Designations', 'FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'growing U.S. presence', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'poor blood pressure regulation', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'U.S. FDA', 'positive interim results', 'blood pressure management', 'Positive top-line data', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'first pivotal study', 'upper extremity strength', 'marketing approval submissions', 'Lara Smith Weber', 'spinal cord injury', 'thoracic spinal cord', 'spinal cord injuries', 'targeted electrical pulses', 'external, non-invasive platform', 'implantable pulse generator', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'external (ARC-EX®) systems', 'upper extremity function', 'first ten people', 'investigational ARC-IM Lead', 'medical technology company', 'ONWARD ARC-IM system', 'ONWARD ARC Therapy™', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'electrical stimulation', 'The ARC-IM Lead', 'ONWARD® Medical', 'innovative platform', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'human use', 'key component', 'multiple indications', 'ARC-IM neurostimulator', 'dorsal roots', 'specific parameters', 'anatomical location', 'electrode arrays', 'many indications', 'bladder control', 'Jocelyne Bloch', 'same feel', 'many years', 'Dr. Bloch', 'Hemodynamic Hotspot', 'specific location', 'accompanying mechanism', 'research partners', 'Dave Marver', 'other indications', 'commercial use', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'wireless programmer', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'additional information', '2023 Financial Calendar', 'Media Enquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'VP Communications', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'looking state', 'ONWARD devices', 'Company Enquiries', 'The Company', 'ARC-IM Leads', 'electrode placement', 'basic science', 'future events', 'ARC-IM™', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'IPG', 'portfolio', 'range', 'sizes', 'shapes', 'improved', 'mobility', 'MD', 'neurosurgeon', 'CHUV', 'Switzerland', 'patient', 'characteristics', 'today', 'surgery', 'area', 'action', 'EPFL', 'Calgary', 'Nature', 'January', 'December', 'participants', 'quality', 'life', 'ability', 'challenges', 'CEO', 'restoration', 'work', 'world', 'Europe', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'CFO', 'Disclaimer', 'statements', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'forward']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24917,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668381/0/en/Atari-Closes-the-Acquisition-of-Nightdive-Studios.html,Atari Closes the Acquisition of Nightdive Studios,Atari Closes the Acquisition of Nightdive Studios    PARIS  FRANCE (May 15  2023 - 8.00 am CET) - Atari® (the “Company”) — one of the world's most......,"French EnglishAtari Closes the Acquisition of Nightdive StudiosPARIS  FRANCE (May 15  2023 - 8.00 am CET) - Atari® (the “Company”) — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — is pleased to announce the closing of the acquisition of Night Dive Studios Inc. (“Nightdive”)  a full service game development and publishing company based in Vancouver  Washington  USA and organized under the laws of the same state  announced on March 22  2023.With this acquisition Atari will enrich its large library of owned IP  be able to leverage Nightdive’s proprietary technology  and utilize Nightdive’s publishing capabilities in order to support Atari’s retro-focused growth strategy.“Our shared passion for preservation and innovation in retro gaming makes Atari the ideal partner  and our team is excited to take this next step ” said Stephen Kick  CEO of Nightdive. “Atari’s support is going to allow us to grow our business and expand our reach.”“Nightdive has a tremendously talented team and they’ve earned their reputation as leaders in retro gaming ” said Wade Rosen  Chairman and CEO of Atari. “Like the rest of their fans  I’m looking forward to their upcoming releases  and I am confident we will help their business flourish.”The purchase price of Nightdive consists of (i) an initial consideration of US$9.5 million  paid in cash for US$4.5m (€ 4.1m)1 and in newly issued Atari shares for US$5.0m (€4.55 M)2  plus (ii) an earn-out of up to US$10 million  payable in cash over the next three years based on the future performance of Nightdive.The contribution by Nightdive's founders and Wade Rosen3 of 1 912 500 common shares of Nightdive resulted in the issuance of 38 129 423 new Atari shares. As a result  Nightdive's founders together hold upon completion of the contribution 7.9% of Atari's share capital and 7.8% of its voting rights  while Wade Rosen holds upon completion of the contribution 27.7% of Atari's share capital and 27.5% of its voting rights4.Nightdive's founders have agreed to a 6-month lock-up on their Atari shares as from the completion of the contribution5.The cash portion of the purchase price will be partially refinanced by the issuance of the €30 million Convertibles Bonds announced on March 22  2023 whose terms and conditions will be released in the coming weeks  subject to the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) approval on the prospectus.Details on the contribution in kind Contributors Nightdive's founders - Mr. Stephen Kick and Mr. Lawrence Kuperman - and Wade J. Rosen Revocable Trust U/A/D August 18  2010  as amended Beneficiary The Company Contributed shares 1 912 500 common shares of Nightdive Total value of the contributed shares 4 553 319.37 euros (rounded figure)  based on a multi-criteria valuation approach Number of new Atari shares 38 129 423 ordinary shares  representing a share capital increase of the Company of 381 294.23 euros and having the same rights and bearing the same obligations as the existing Atari shares Share capital premium The difference between the total value of the contribution  i.e.  4 553 319.37 euros  and the nominal amount of the capital increase  i.e.  381 294.23 euros  will constitute a share capital premium (prime d’apport) of 4 172 025.14 euros. The share capital premium will be adjusted (as the case may be to deduct expenses related to the contribution and where applicable  to bring Atari’s legal reserve to the legal minimum following the contribution) and allocated as determined by the shareholders’ meeting of the Company or its Board of directors in accordance with applicable laws Date of the contribution / legal framework The contribution was approved as of the date hereof by the Board of directors of Atari pursuant to the authorization granted by the eighteenth resolution of Atari’s shareholders’ meeting of September 27  2022 Contribution auditors In accordance with Articles L. 225-147  R. 22-10-7 and R. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code  the President of the Commercial Court of Paris has appointed  by order dated March 30  2023  Sorgem Evaluation represented by Mr. Thomas Hachette  as well as Mr. François Pinault  as contribution auditors (commissaires aux apports) (the “Contribution Auditors”)  for the preparation of the reports referred to in Articles L. 225-147 and R. 22-10-7 of the French Commercial Code and the AMF recommendation n° 2020-06.The reports of the contribution auditors on the value of the contributions and on the remuneration of the contributions have been posted on the Company's website.These reports conclude that: (i) the value of the contributions is not overvalued and  consequently  that it corresponds at least to the nominal value of the ordinary shares to be issued by the Company  beneficiary of the contributions  increased by the contribution premium and (ii) the exchange ratio is favorable to the shareholders of the Company. Dilution Based on a share capital composed of 382 534 286 shares and 385 229 626 theoretical voting rights as of April 30  2023  a shareholder holding 1% of the Company's share capital and 1% of the Company's theoretical voting rights prior to the issuance of the new Atari shares has seen his/her/its shareholding reduced to approximately 0.91% of the Company's share capital and 0.91% of the Company's theoretical voting rights as a result of the contributionAbout ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA) and OTC Pink Current (Ticker PONGF).©2023 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.ContactsAtari - Investor RelationsTel + 33 1 83 64 61 57 - investisseur@atari-sa.com | www.atari.com/news/Calyptus – Marie CalleuxTel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.ne tListing Sponsor- EurolandTel +33 1 44 70 20 84Julia Bridger - jbridger@elcorp.comDISCLAIMERThe distribution of this press release and the offer and sale of the Convertible Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release and the offer and sale of the Convertible Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This press release may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States (including its territories and dependencies). This press release does not constitute or form part an offer of securities for sale or any solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities or any solicitation of sale of securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the law of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Atari does not intend to register all or any portion of the securities in the United States under the Securities Act or to conduct a public offering of the Securities in the United States. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute either an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  securities of the Company.No communication or information in respect of any securities mentioned in this press release may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where registration or approval is required. No steps have been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required. The offering or subscription of the Company’s securities may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions.This press release does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering  a sale offer nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer of securities. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"").With respect to the member states of the European Economic Area other than France  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant member state. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant member state except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant member state.The distribution of this press release has not been made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This announcement may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia  South Africa or Japan.1 Financed by a shareholder loan made available by Irata LLC (a company controlled by Wade Rosen)  to be refinanced with the €30 million Convertibles Bonds issuance (see below).2 Based on the 20-day volume weighted average price of the Atari share on Euronext Growth as of April 28  2023 (i.e.  0.1194 euro per share)  in accordance with the transaction documentation.3 Through Wade J. Rosen Revocable Trust U/A/D August 18  2010  as amended  registered under US laws.4 Shares held by Wade J. Rosen Revocable Trust U/A/D 18 August 2010  as amended being deemed held by Wade Rosen5 No shareholders' agreement having been entered into between them or with Wade Rosen in the context of the transaction.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['Nightdive Studios', 'Atari', 'Acquisition', 'Wade J. Rosen Revocable Trust U/A/D', 'full service game development', 'Mr. François Pinault', 'Night Dive Studios Inc.', 'des marchés financiers', 'Mr. Lawrence Kuperman', 'Mr. Thomas Hachette', 'iconic consumer brands', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'retro-focused growth strategy', '€30 million Convertibles Bonds', 'multi-criteria valuation approach', 'next three years', 'French Commercial Code', 'Mr. Stephen Kick', 'Share capital premium', '385,229,626 theoretical voting rights', 'share capital increase', '38,129,423 new Atari shares', 'existing Atari shares', 'Wade Rosen', 'Nightdive Total value', 'French English', 'Commercial Court', 'next step', 'Nightdive Studios', 'same rights', 'contribution premium', 'same state', 'large library', 'proprietary technology', 'publishing capabilities', 'retro gaming', 'ideal partner', 'upcoming releases', 'purchase price', 'initial consideration', 'future performance', '1,912,500 common shares', '6-month lock-up', 'coming weeks', 'rounded figure', '129,423 ordinary shares', 'same obligations', 'nominal amount', 'legal reserve', 'legal minimum', 'legal framework', 'eighteenth resolution', 'Articles L.', 'Sorgem Evaluation', 'exchange ratio', 'nominal value', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'talented team', 'applicable laws', 'AMF recommendation', 'cash portion', 'Contribution auditors', 'Contributors Nightdive', 'publishing company', '382,534,286 shares', 'Atari®', 'Atari.', 'Acquisition', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'world', 'closing', 'Vancouver', 'Washington', 'USA', 'IP', 'order', 'passion', 'preservation', 'innovation', 'CEO', 'support', 'business', 'reach', 'reputation', 'leaders', 'Chairman', 'rest', 'fans', 'earn', 'founders', 'issuance', 'result', 'completion', 'terms', 'conditions', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'Details', 'kind', 'Number', '381,294.23 euros', 'difference', '9.37 euros', 'prime', 'apport', '4,172,025.14 euros', 'case', 'expenses', 'Board', 'directors', 'accordance', 'Date', 'authorization', 'September', 'President', 'commissaires', 'preparation', 'reports', 'contributions', 'remuneration', 'website', 'beneficiary', 'Dilution', 'April', '8.00']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24918,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATARI-S-A-2168735/news/Atari-Closes-the-Acquisition-of-Nightdive-Studios-43850636/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Atari Closes the Acquisition of Nightdive Studios,(marketscreener.com) Atari Closes the Acquisition of Nightdive Studios PARIS  FRANCE - Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — is pleased to announce the closing of the acquisition of Night Dive Studio…,"Atari Closes the Acquisition of Nightdive StudiosPARIS  FRANCE (May 15  2023 - 8.00 am CET) - Atari® (the “Company”) — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — is pleased to announce the closing of the acquisition of Night Dive Studios Inc. (“Nightdive”)  a full service game development and publishing company based in Vancouver  Washington  USA and organized under the laws of the same state  announced on March 22  2023.With this acquisition Atari will enrich its large library of owned IP  be able to leverage Nightdive’s proprietary technology  and utilize Nightdive’s publishing capabilities in order to support Atari’s retro-focused growth strategy.“Our shared passion for preservation and innovation in retro gaming makes Atari the ideal partner  and our team is excited to take this next step ” said Stephen Kick  CEO of Nightdive. “Atari’s support is going to allow us to grow our business and expand our reach.”“Nightdive has a tremendously talented team and they’ve earned their reputation as leaders in retro gaming ” said Wade Rosen  Chairman and CEO of Atari. “Like the rest of their fans  I’m looking forward to their upcoming releases  and I am confident we will help their business flourish.”The purchase price of Nightdive consists of (i) an initial consideration of US$9.5 million  paid in cash for US$4.5m (€ 4.1m)1 and in newly issued Atari shares for US$5.0m (€4.55 M)2  plus (ii) an earn-out of up to US$10 million  payable in cash over the next three years based on the future performance of Nightdive.The contribution by Nightdive's founders and Wade Rosen3 of 1 912 500 common shares of Nightdive resulted in the issuance of 38 129 423 new Atari shares. As a result  Nightdive's founders together hold upon completion of the contribution 7.9% of Atari's share capital and 7.8% of its voting rights  while Wade Rosen holds upon completion of the contribution 27.7% of Atari's share capital and 27.5% of its voting rights4.Nightdive's founders have agreed to a 6-month lock-up on their Atari shares as from the completion of the contribution5.The cash portion of the purchase price will be partially refinanced by the issuance of the €30 million Convertibles Bonds announced on March 22  2023 whose terms and conditions will be released in the coming weeks  subject to the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) approval on the prospectus.Details on the contribution in kind Contributors Nightdive's founders - Mr. Stephen Kick and Mr. Lawrence Kuperman - and Wade J. Rosen Revocable Trust U/A/D August 18  2010  as amended Beneficiary The Company Contributed shares 1 912 500 common shares of Nightdive Total value of the contributed shares 4 553 319.37 euros (rounded figure)  based on a multi-criteria valuation approach Number of new Atari shares 38 129 423 ordinary shares  representing a share capital increase of the Company of 381 294.23 euros and having the same rights and bearing the same obligations as the existing Atari shares Share capital premium The difference between the total value of the contribution  i.e.  4 553 319.37 euros  and the nominal amount of the capital increase  i.e.  381 294.23 euros  will constitute a share capital premium (prime d’apport) of 4 172 025.14 euros. The share capital premium will be adjusted (as the case may be to deduct expenses related to the contribution and where applicable  to bring Atari’s legal reserve to the legal minimum following the contribution) and allocated as determined by the shareholders’ meeting of the Company or its Board of directors in accordance with applicable laws Date of the contribution / legal framework The contribution was approved as of the date hereof by the Board of directors of Atari pursuant to the authorization granted by the eighteenth resolution of Atari’s shareholders’ meeting of September 27  2022 Contribution auditors In accordance with Articles L. 225-147  R. 22-10-7 and R. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code  the President of the Commercial Court of Paris has appointed  by order dated March 30  2023  Sorgem Evaluation represented by Mr. Thomas Hachette  as well as Mr. François Pinault  as contribution auditors (commissaires aux apports) (the “Contribution Auditors”)  for the preparation of the reports referred to in Articles L. 225-147 and R. 22-10-7 of the French Commercial Code and the AMF recommendation n° 2020-06.The reports of the contribution auditors on the value of the contributions and on the remuneration of the contributions have been posted on the Company's website.These reports conclude that: (i) the value of the contributions is not overvalued and  consequently  that it corresponds at least to the nominal value of the ordinary shares to be issued by the Company  beneficiary of the contributions  increased by the contribution premium and (ii) the exchange ratio is favorable to the shareholders of the Company. Dilution Based on a share capital composed of 382 534 286 shares and 385 229 626 theoretical voting rights as of April 30  2023  a shareholder holding 1% of the Company's share capital and 1% of the Company's theoretical voting rights prior to the issuance of the new Atari shares has seen his/her/its shareholding reduced to approximately 0.91% of the Company's share capital and 0.91% of the Company's theoretical voting rights as a result of the contributionAbout ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA) and OTC Pink Current (Ticker PONGF).©2023 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.ContactsAtari - Investor RelationsTel + 33 1 83 64 61 57 - investisseur@atari-sa.com | www.atari.com/news/Calyptus – Marie CalleuxTel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.ne tListing Sponsor- EurolandTel +33 1 44 70 20 84Julia Bridger - jbridger@elcorp.comDISCLAIMERThe distribution of this press release and the offer and sale of the Convertible Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release and the offer and sale of the Convertible Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This press release may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States (including its territories and dependencies). This press release does not constitute or form part an offer of securities for sale or any solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities or any solicitation of sale of securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the law of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Atari does not intend to register all or any portion of the securities in the United States under the Securities Act or to conduct a public offering of the Securities in the United States. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute either an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  securities of the Company.No communication or information in respect of any securities mentioned in this press release may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where registration or approval is required. No steps have been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required. The offering or subscription of the Company’s securities may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions.This press release does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering  a sale offer nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer of securities. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"").With respect to the member states of the European Economic Area other than France  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant member state. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant member state except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant member state.The distribution of this press release has not been made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This announcement may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia  South Africa or Japan.1 Financed by a shareholder loan made available by Irata LLC (a company controlled by Wade Rosen)  to be refinanced with the €30 million Convertibles Bonds issuance (see below).2 Based on the 20-day volume weighted average price of the Atari share on Euronext Growth as of April 28  2023 (i.e.  0.1194 euro per share)  in accordance with the transaction documentation.3 Through Wade J. Rosen Revocable Trust U/A/D August 18  2010  as amended  registered under US laws.4 Shares held by Wade J. Rosen Revocable Trust U/A/D 18 August 2010  as amended being deemed held by Wade Rosen5 No shareholders' agreement having been entered into between them or with Wade Rosen in the context of the transaction.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Nightdive Studios', 'Atari', 'Acquisition', 'Wade J. Rosen Revocable Trust U/A/D', 'full service game development', 'Mr. François Pinault', 'Night Dive Studios Inc.', 'des marchés financiers', 'Mr. Lawrence Kuperman', 'Mr. Thomas Hachette', 'iconic consumer brands', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'retro-focused growth strategy', '€30 million Convertibles Bonds', 'multi-criteria valuation approach', 'French Commercial Code', 'next three years', 'Mr. Stephen Kick', 'Share capital premium', '385,229,626 theoretical voting rights', 'share capital increase', '38,129,423 new Atari shares', 'existing Atari shares', 'Wade Rosen', 'Nightdive Total value', 'Commercial Court', 'next step', 'Nightdive Studios', 'same rights', 'contribution premium', 'same state', 'large library', 'proprietary technology', 'publishing capabilities', 'retro gaming', 'ideal partner', 'upcoming releases', 'purchase price', 'initial consideration', 'future performance', '1,912,500 common shares', '6-month lock-up', 'coming weeks', 'rounded figure', '129,423 ordinary shares', 'same obligations', 'nominal amount', 'legal reserve', 'legal minimum', 'legal framework', 'eighteenth resolution', 'Articles L.', 'Sorgem Evaluation', 'exchange ratio', 'nominal value', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'talented team', 'applicable laws', 'AMF recommendation', 'cash portion', 'Contribution auditors', 'Contributors Nightdive', 'publishing company', '382,534,286 shares', 'Atari®', 'Atari.', 'Acquisition', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'May', 'world', 'closing', 'Vancouver', 'Washington', 'USA', 'IP', 'order', 'passion', 'preservation', 'innovation', 'CEO', 'support', 'business', 'reach', 'reputation', 'leaders', 'Chairman', 'rest', 'fans', 'earn', 'founders', 'issuance', 'result', 'completion', 'terms', 'conditions', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'Details', 'kind', '37 euros', 'Number', '381,294.23 euros', 'difference', 'prime', 'apport', '4,172,025.14 euros', 'case', 'expenses', 'Board', 'directors', 'accordance', 'Date', 'authorization', 'September', 'President', 'commissaires', 'preparation', 'reports', 'contributions', 'remuneration', 'website', 'beneficiary', 'Dilution', 'April', 'holding', '8.00']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24919,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNOPROBE-S-P-A-133432182/news/Technoprobe-S-p-A-Board-of-Directors-approves-consolidated-results-as-at-31-March-2023-May-15th-43855793/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Technoprobe S p A : Board of Directors approves consolidated results as at 31 March  2023 - May 15th  2023,(marketscreener.com) Italy www.technoprobe.com   PRESS RELEASE   Board of Directors approves consolidated results as at 31 March  20231   Guidance confirmed    Consolidated Revenues of €91 million  down 25% compared to the first quarter 2022  …,"Technoprobe S.p.A. Via Cavalieri di Vittorio Veneto  2 23870  Cernusco Lombardone (LC) - Italy www.technoprobe.com PRESS RELEASE Board of Directors approves consolidated results as at 31 March  20231 Guidance confirmed Consolidated Revenues of €91 million  down 25% compared to the first quarter 2022Consolidated EBITDA of €27 million  down 47% compared to the first quarter 2022  with a margin of 30%Positive Consolidated Net Financial Position of €404 million Proposal of the Board of Directors to the ordinary shareholders' meeting to authorize the buyback and the sale of treasury shares and to call the related meeting Cernusco Lombardone (LC)  May 15  2022 - The Board of Directors of Technoprobe S.p.A.  a leading company in the design and production of probe cards (the ""Company"" or ""Technoprobe"") listed on Euronext Milan  met today to examine and approve the consolidated results as at 31 March 2023. Stefano Felici  Group Chief Executive Officer  said: ""The first quarter of 2023 was particularly challenging for Technoprobe and I am pleased that our figures are in line with guidance. We know how taught the following months will be and  notwithstanding that  in line with our strategic plan  we continue to invest in the development of our products and in the relationship with our customers to be ready to address needs generated by the growing technological evolution."". Financial results as at 31 March 2023 Consolidated revenues as at 31 March 2023 were €91 million  down 25% compared to the same period of 2022  as result of the general contraction of the reference market and in particular of consumer demand for devices  such as smartphones and computers. Volumes are further depressed by the high level of device inventories recorded by customers. Consolidated EBITDA was €27 million  down 47% compared to the same period of 2022 because of lower volumes  with a margin of 30%. Decrease in profitability compared to the same period of the previous year  is the result of the strategic view of the company to maintain the current production structure and resources employed to guarantee an adequate response to the expected upward of volumes. As at 31 March 2023  the consolidated net financial position was positive for €404 million  broadly in line with figures at 31 December 2022: cash generated from operating activities amounted to €18 million was offset 1 It should be noted that the figures as at 31 March 2023 presented to the Company's Board of Directors on 15 May 2023 were not audited. 1Technoprobe S.p.A. Via Cavalieri di Vittorio Veneto  2 23870  Cernusco Lombardone (LC) - Italy www.technoprobe.com by forex of €4 million and capital expenditure amounted to €13 million mainly related the upgrading of production lines. Business outlook The current forecasts for the macroeconomic environment  significantly affected by international geopolitical tensions  foster uncertainty. Later in 2023  the geopolitical tensions between the United States and China relating to the trade restrictions on technological exports in Asia represent a further factor of instability in the semiconductor sector. In addition to the general contraction in demand for consumers of devices such as smartphones and computers  as well as high inventory levels at major players in the industry continue to hit the reference market. On the other hand  automotive  industrial applications and artificial intelligence segments are expected to grow. The recovery of the entire semiconductor supply chain is expected by the second part of 2023  driven by a general recovery in consumption and by the conclusion of the aforementioned de-stocking processes currently in progress. Guidance Q2 2023 Guidance for the second quarter of 2023 is the following: Consolidated Revenues: €98m (+/-3%) Gross margin: 53% (+/-2%) Ebitda margin: 34% (+/-2%) Mr. Stefano Beretta  the officer in charge of preparing the corporate accounting documents of Technoprobe S.p.A. declares that pursuant to paragraph 2  Art. 154 bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance  to the best of his knowledge  the accounting information contained in the Presentation corresponds to the documental results  accounting books and records. Q1 2023 results will be presented to the financial community during an audio webcast conference call today at 5:00 P.M. CET. This press release and the presentation will be available on Technoprobe's website https://www.technoprobe.com/it/  in the Investor Relations section and on and on the authorized storage system named eMarket Storage"" (www.emarketstorage.it). *** Proposed authorisation to buyback and sell treasury shares The Board of Directors resolved to propose to the forthcoming Shareholders' meeting to be call to authorize the said Board of Directors to buyback and sell shares of the Company  in compliance with the relevant legislation and the market practices in force  in order to: 2Technoprobe S.p.A. Via Cavalieri di Vittorio Veneto  2 23870  Cernusco Lombardone (LC) - Italy www.technoprobe.com acquire a portfolio of treasury shares to be allocated to serve stock option plans  stock grants or share incentive plans  against payment or free of charge  to be reserved to corporate representatives  employees or collaborators of Technoprobe or group companies  that may be adopted in the future in accordance with the applicable legislation according to the cases; and/or operate on treasury shares in an investment perspective for an efficient use of the Company's financial liquidity in relation to market trends. The proposal is based on the fact that  due to the recent listing of Technoprobe ordinary shares on Euronext Milan and the determination of the Company  in compliance with the Corporate Governance Code  to adopt a policy on remuneration pursuant to art. 123-ter of the TUF  the Company intends to evaluate the adoption of incentive plans based on shares to be allocated to corporate representatives  employees or collaborators of the Company and the Group by the date of the shareholders' meeting called for the approval of the financial statements at 31 December 2023 and to whose service to allocate treasury shares. If  for whatever reason  no incentive plans will be approved in the terms described  the Board of Directors has decided to propose also the purpose referred to in point (ii). Authorization is required  pursuant to and for the purposes of Article 2357 of the Civil Code  for the purchase  in one or more tranches  and also on a rotating basis  of ordinary shares of the Company without nominal value  up to a maximum number that  taking into account the ordinary shares held from time to time in the portfolio by the Company and the companies controlled by it  is not altogether higher than no. 1 500 000 (one million five hundred thousand) ordinary shares (and in any case in compliance with the maximum limit referred to in Article 2357  paragraph 3  of the Civil Code) and for a maximum outlay not exceeding € 12 000 000 (twelve million). The authorization to purchase treasury shares is required for the maximum duration provided for by the applicable legislation  currently fixed by article 2357  paragraph 2  of the Civil Code  in 18 months from the date of the resolution of the shareholders' meeting approving the proposal. However  authorisation to dispose of any treasury shares acquired is required without time limits  due to the absence of time limits pursuant to the provisions in force and the opportunity to allow the Board of Directors to use the maximum flexibility  also regarding the time  to carry out the acts of disposition of the actions. It is proposed that the purchase of treasury shares may be made  also through intermediaries  with purchases made on regulated markets  or on multilateral trading systems  in accordance with the procedures established by Borsa Italiana  that do not allow the direct combination of the proposals for negotiation on purchase with predetermined proposals for negotiation on sale  as permitted by art. 132  paragraph 1  of the TUF and art. 144-bis  paragraph 1  lett. b)  of the Issuers Regulation adopted by Consob (also through subsidiaries). The purchase of shares may be carried out in compliance with the conditions provided for by art. 3 of Delegated Regulation No. 2016/1052 in order to benefit  if the conditions are met  from the exemption referred to in Article 5  paragraph 1  of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014. In any case  purchases must be made at a price per share that must be neither lower nor higher than 20% (twenty percent) of the reference price recorded by the security in the stock exchange session preceding each individual transaction. The Board of Directors has also proposed to be authorised  pursuant to article 2357-ter of the Civil Code  to dispose  in whole or in part  in one or more times  of the treasury shares at the price and/or  in any case  3Technoprobe S.p.A. Via Cavalieri di Vittorio Veneto  2 23870  Cernusco Lombardone (LC) - Italy www.technoprobe.com according to the criteria  the methods  terms and conditions to be determined by the Board of Directors  in compliance with applicable European Community legislation and with the market practices admitted pro tempore in force and having regard to the methods of implementation used  the evolution of share prices in the period preceding the transaction and the best interest of the Company. It remains that the treasury shares serving the share incentive plans will be assigned in the manner and within the terms indicated by the regulations of the plans in force from time to time. The Company does not currently hold treasury shares. The Board of Directors resolved to call the shareholders' meeting on June 22  2023  granting the President and the Chief Executive Officer disjointly with all powers to call the shareholders' meeting and to provide all the necessary documents. The notice of the meeting and the supporting documentation will be made available to the public in accordance with the terms and procedures of the law. *** Contact Technoprobe S.p.A. Technoprobe S.p.A. Investor Relator Communication & Marketing Manager Ines Di Terlizzi Paolo Cavallotti Email: ir@technoprobe.com Email: paolo.cavallotti@technoprobe.com Technoprobe Group Technoprobe is a leading company in the field of semiconductors and microelectronics. Established in 1996 by the entrepreneurial spirit of its founder Giuseppe Crippa  Technoprobe specialises in the design and manufacture of Probe Cards  i.e. electro-mechanical interfaces used for the functional testing of chips. Its market segment is the testing of non-memory or SOC (system on chip) semiconductors. The Group is the only Probe Card manufacturer in Italy and a world leader in terms of volume and turnover. It has partnerships and collaborations with some of the world's largest microelectronics  IT and digital companies. Probe cards are hi-tech devices that are custom- made for each chip and allow the function of chips to be tested during the manufacturing process. These technologically-advanced designs and solutions are essential for ensuring the proper functioning and reliability of devices that play a crucial role in industries such as Information Technology  5G  Internet of Things  home automation  automotive  aerospace  etc. As a result  Technoprobe is a critical link in the supply chain for the manufacture of chips  which are at the heart of today's technological world. Technoprobe is a rapidly expanding hub of technological research and innovation with approximately 2700 employees (1700 of them located in Italy)  three research centres and more than 600 certified patents. Technoprobe has 14 locations worldwide. The Group's Italian headquarters are in Cernusco Lombardone (LC)  a municipality on the outskirts of Milan where there is also a production plant that covers an area of about 18 000 sqm. The Group has two additional production plants in Italy: one in Agrate (MB) covering about 3 000 sqm  and one in Osnago (LC) covering about 5 000 sqm. Also in Italy a Design Center was opened in Sicily  in Catania  in 2022. The Group also has 10 other locations spread across Europe (France and Germany)  Asia (Taiwan  South Korea  China  Japan  Philippines and Singapore) and the United States (two locations in California). Forward-looking statements Certain statements contained in this press release may constitute forward looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements concern risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ  even materially substantial  from those anticipated.These risks and uncertainties include  by way of example but not limited to  the ability to manage the effects of the current uncertain international economic situation  the ability to predict future economic conditions and changes in customer preferences  the ability to successfully introduce and commercialize new products  the ability to maintain an efficient distribution system  the ability to achieve and manage growth  the ability to negotiate and maintain favorable license agreements  currency fluctuations  changes in local conditions  the ability to protect intellectual property  information systems problems  inventory risks  credit and insurance risks  changes in tax regimes  as well as other political  economic  legal and technological factors and other risks and uncertainties already highlighted in the filings carried out at the National Commission for Companies and the Stock Exchange. These forward- looking statements have been made as of today and we undertake no obligation to update them. 4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.05,0.71,True,English,"['Technoprobe S', 'consolidated results', 'Board', 'Directors', '31 March', 'May', 'Positive Consolidated Net Financial Position', 'audio webcast conference call', 'entire semiconductor supply chain', 'Technoprobe S.p.A.', 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'artificial intelligence segments', 'Investor Relations section', 'authorized storage system', ""ordinary shareholders' meeting"", ""forthcoming Shareholders' meeting"", 'growing technological evolution', 'high inventory levels', 'Mr. Stefano Beretta', 'stock option plans', 'corporate accounting documents', 'international geopolitical tensions', 'current production structure', 'PRESS RELEASE Board', 'Financial results', 'semiconductor sector', 'financial community', 'related meeting', 'Stefano Felici', 'high level', 'current forecasts', 'technological exports', 'stock gr', 'consolidated results', 'Consolidated Revenues', 'Consolidated EBITDA', 'Consolidated Law', 'accounting information', 'accounting books', 'Via Cavalieri', 'Vittorio Veneto', 'Cernusco Lombardone', 'first quarter', 'million Proposal', 'probe cards', 'Euronext Milan', 'following months', 'strategic plan', 'same period', 'general contraction', 'reference market', 'device inventories', 'in profitability', 'previous year', 'strategic view', 'adequate response', 'operating activities', 'capital expenditure', 'production lines', 'Business outlook', 'macroeconomic environment', 'United States', 'trade restrictions', 'major players', 'other hand', 'industrial applications', 'second part', 'de-stocking processes', 'second quarter', 'documental results', 'Q1 2023 results', 'relevant legislation', 'market practices', 'treasury shares', 'consumer demand', 'general recovery', 'Gross margin', 'Ebitda margin', 'lower volumes', 'leading company', 'Italy', 'Directors', '31 March', '20231 Guidance', 'buyback', 'sale', 'LC', 'design', 'figures', 'development', 'products', 'relationship', 'customers', 'needs', 'particular', 'devices', 'smartphones', 'computers', 'Decrease', 'resources', 'upward', '31 December', 'cash', '15 May', 'forex', 'upgrading', 'uncertainty', 'China', 'Asia', 'factor', 'instability', 'addition', 'consumers', 'industry', 'automotive', 'consumption', 'conclusion', 'progress', 'charge', 'paragraph', 'Art.', 'Finance', 'knowledge', 'Presentation', 'records', 'website', 'authorisation', 'compliance', 'force', 'order', 'portfolio', '5:00']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24920,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668380/0/en/Eurocastle-Releases-First-Quarter-2023-Interim-Management-Statement-and-Announces-Annual-General-Meeting-to-be-held-on-14-June-2023.html,Eurocastle Releases First Quarter 2023 Interim Management Statement and Announces Annual General Meeting to be held on 14 June 2023,EUROCASTLE INVESTMENT LIMITED                                                     Contact:        Oak Fund Services (Guernsey) LimitedCompany......,"EUROCASTLE INVESTMENT LIMITEDContact:Oak Fund Services (Guernsey) LimitedCompany AdministratorAttn: Hannah CrockerTel: +44 1481 723450Eurocastle Releases First Quarter 2023 Interim Management Statement andAnnounces Annual General Meeting to be held on 14 June 2023Guernsey  15 May 2023 – Eurocastle Investment Limited (Euronext Amsterdam: ECT) today has released its interim management statement for the quarter ended 31 March 2023 and announced it will hold its Annual General Meeting on 14 June 2023.ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE (“NAV”) 1 of €10.3 million  or €10.34 per share2  up €0.01 per share vs. Q4 2022 primarily due to valuation movements on its real estate fund investments.Q4 2022 Q1 Cash Movement Q1 FV Movement Q1 2023 NAV €’m € p.s. €’m € p.s. €’m € p.s. €’m € p.s. Real Estate Funds 0.6 0.63 - - 0.0 0.01 0.6 0.64 Net Corporate Cash3 17.1 17.15 (0.2) (0.17) (0.2) (0.19) 16.7 16.79 Legacy German Tax Asset 4.6 4.67 0.2 0.17 - - 4.8 4.84 IFRS NAV 22.4 22.45 - - (0.2) (0.18) 22.2 22.27 Additional Reserves4 (12.1) (12.12) - - 0.2 0.19 (11.9) (11.93) Adjusted NAV10.310.33--0.00.0110.310.34Ordinary shares outstanding 995 555 995 555As at 31 March 2023  the Company’s remaining assets comprise:Two Real Estate Fund Investments with an NAV of €0.6 million  or €0.64 per share  where the underlying apartments are now all sold with both funds currently in liquidation.€16.7 million  or €16.79 per share  of net corporate cash3BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS:Real Estate Funds – With all units in both funds having been sold  the funds are focused on their respective liquidations. In April  Eurocastle received €0.5 million  or over 80% of its Q1 NAV in these investments.With all units in both funds having been sold  the funds are focused on their respective liquidations. In April  Eurocastle received €0.5 million  or over 80% of its Q1 NAV in these investments. New Investment Strategy – The Company established a subsidiary in Luxembourg through which it shortly expects to commence investing. The Company has identified several opportunities in Greece to acquire real estate assets that are currently collateral to defaulted claims or owned by banks as a consequence of a repossession process.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Company will hold its Annual General Meeting on Wednesday  14 June 2023  at the Company’s registered office at 2:00 pm Guernsey time (3:00 pm CET). Notices and proxy statements will be posted on 30 May 2023 to shareholders of record at close of business on 26 May 2023.NOTICE: This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONFor investment portfolio information  please refer to the Company’s most recent Financial Report  which is available on the Company’s website (www.eurocastleinv.com).Terms not otherwise defined in this announcement shall have the meaning given to them in the Circular.ABOUT EUROCASTLEEurocastle Investment Limited (“Eurocastle” or the “Company”) is a publicly traded closed-ended investment company. On 18 November 2019  the Company announced a plan to realise the majority of its assets with the aim of accelerating the return of value to shareholders. On 8 July 2022  the Company announced the relaunch of its investment activity and is currently in the early stages of pursuing its new strategy by initially focusing on opportunistic real estate in Greece with a plan to expand across Southern Europe. For more information regarding Eurocastle Investment Limited and to be added to our email distribution list  please visit www.eurocastleinv.com.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements may relate to  among other things  future commitments to sell real estate and achievement of disposal targets  availability of investment and divestment opportunities  timing or certainty of completion of acquisitions and disposals  the operating performance of our investments and financing needs. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by use of forward-looking terminology such as “may”  “will”  “should”  “potential”  “intend”  “expect”  “endeavour”  “seek”  “anticipate”  “estimate”  “overestimate”  “underestimate”  “believe”  “could”  “project”  “predict”  ""project""  “continue”  “plan”  “forecast” or other similar words or expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions  discuss future expectations  describe future plans and strategies  contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition or state other forward-looking information. The Company’s ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is limited. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  its actual results and performance may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual results in future periods to differ materially from forecasted results or stated expectations including the risks regarding Eurocastle’s ability to declare dividends or achieve its targets regarding asset disposals or asset performance.1 In light of the Realisation Plan announced in November 2019  the Adjusted NAV as at 31 March 2023 reflects additional reserves for future costs and potential liabilities  which have not been accounted for under the IFRS NAV. No commitments for these future costs and potential liabilities existed as at 31 March 2023. IFRS NAV as at 31 March 2023 was €22.2 million or  €22.27 per share.2 Per share calculations for Eurocastle throughout this document are based on 995 555 shares  unless otherwise stated.3 Reflects corporate cash and cash equivalents net of accrued liabilities and other assets where treasury investments mainly comprise notice accounts and Italian Government Bonds.4 Reserves that were put in place when the Company realised the majority of its investment assets in December 2019 in order for the Company to continue in operation and fund its future costs and potential liabilities. These reserves are not accounted for under IFRS.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.4,0.42,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Interim Management Statement', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Eurocastle', '14 June', 'Q1 Cash Movement Q1 FV Movement', 'First Quarter 2023 Interim Management Statement', 'Two Real Estate Fund Investments', 'Legacy German Tax Asset', 'ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE', 'Oak Fund Services', 'opportunistic real estate', 'Net Corporate Cash3', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'email distribution list', 'other similar words', 'real estate assets', 'recent Financial Report', 'Real Estate Funds', 'investment portfolio information', 'New Investment Strategy', 'Limited Company Administrator', 'EUROCASTLE INVESTMENT LIMITED', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'closed-ended investment company', 'other forward-looking information', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Q1 NAV', 'new strategy', 'investment activity', 'other things', 'financial condition', 'forward-looking terminology', 'inside information', 'ADDITIONAL INFORMATION', 'proxy statements', 'Hannah Crocker', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Additional Reserves4', 'Ordinary shares', 'remaining assets', 'underlying apartments', 'respective liquidations', 'several opportunities', 'repossession process', 'registered office', 'early stages', 'Southern Europe', 'future commitments', 'disposal targets', 'divestment opportunities', 'financing needs', 'future plans', 'actual effect', 'The Company', 'BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS', 'operating performance', 'future expectations', 'reasonable assumptions', 'Guernsey time', 'actual results', 'Contact', 'Attn', '14 June', '15 May', 'March', 'Q4', 'movements', 'IFRS', 'units', 'April', 'subsidiary', 'Luxembourg', 'investing', 'Greece', 'claims', 'banks', 'consequence', 'Wednesday', 'Notices', '30 May', 'shareholders', 'record', '26 May', 'announcement', 'purposes', 'website', 'Terms', 'meaning', 'Circular', '18 November', 'majority', 'return', '8 July', 'relaunch', 'release', 'achievement', 'availability', 'timing', 'certainty', 'completion', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'potential', 'endeavour', 'project', 'forecast', 'expressions', 'strategies', 'operations', '2:00']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRAYONANO-AS-120976700/news/CrayoNano-Q1-2023-Investor-Update-43850506/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,CrayoNano : Q1 2023 Investor Update,(marketscreener.com)   CrayoNano Q1 2023 Investor Update  15 May 2023    Trondheim  Norway-CrayoNano AS is pleased to announce its Q1 2023 Investor Update. During the period  CrayoNano successfully completed a private placement of NOK 125 million  rel…,"CrayoNano Q1 2023 Investor Update 15 May 2023Trondheim  Norway-CrayoNano AS (NOTC: CNANO) is pleased to announce its Q1 2023 Investor Update. During the period  CrayoNano successfully completed a private placement of NOK 125 million  released a 30 % product performance improvement and continues to increase the number of customers designing with the CrayoLEDTM UV-C LED products.Jo Uthus  CEO said:""The first quarter of 2023 has seen another key milestone for the company  and we are exceptionally proud to have raised approximately NOK 125 million in new capital. This will fund our continued growth and planned expansion as we start the next chapter for CrayoNano. Listening to our customers  we've also released a new version of our UV-C LED with a 30 % improvement in performance and increased energy efficiency  which will address more market segments. The feedback from our customers has been very positive  supporting our growth and plans for shipping the first 1 million units. In Q1 we continue to see an increase in customers leads  in addition to the more than 20 customers currently designing with us at quarter end. We look forward to bringing these customers through to design-wins and volume shipments during the year.""Product UpdateDuring March  the Company made two announcements highlighting continuous development for product performance and efficiency of its CrayoLEDTM H-series UV-C LED on 13 March 2023 (link) and further improvements in robustness and quality increasing the serviceable addressable market of CrayoLEDTM products (link).The performance class of 100 mW  5 % wall-plug efficiency at a standard operating current of 350 mA  delivers a high-power performance that efficiently inactivate bacteria  viruses  and other illness-inducing pathogens  improving system efficiency and future disinfection automation. Improving our wall plug efficiency to 5 % means that the LED is more energy-efficient and generates less heat  resulting in a longer lifetime and influencing overall system performance. This improves total cost of ownership with less maintenance and replacements  facilitating the adoption of UV-C LED disinfection in municipal water treatment products and other applications requiring higher output power.Responding to customer's requirements  we have also characterized CrayoLEDTM at 500 mA drive current  achieving 140 mW  with an estimated lifetime of over 4 000 hours based on the TM-21 model. This opens up additional applications for CrayoLEDTM and customers will have access to additional markets  including surface disinfection applications and curing.These products are available in volume production now.Market & Customer UpdateThe Company is seeing strong interest for its products across all target segments as we continue to expand the sales funnel. By the end of the quarter  we experienced an increase in number of customer leads by 200 % to more than 400 and saw a 50 % increase in design-ins to 27 in total. In the months ahead we will work with our customers as we support the design process towards volume orders and material revenue generation.One key customer  ProPhotonix  a specialist in LED and Laser Technologies  has recently started their qualification process with CrayoNano's CrayoLEDTM H-series UV-C LEDs and have built a prototype of their Cobra Clean FX1 Lamp with the CrayoLED TM H-series UV-C LED's inside to proceed with lifetime Testing.Simon Stanley  Director of Technology at ProPhotonix said:""ProPhotonix has started our qualification process with CrayoNano's CrayoLEDTM H-series UV-C LEDs. After passing the first phase of the process  characterization  and validation  we have built a prototype of our Cobra Clean FX1 Lamp with the CrayoLEDTM H-series UV-C LED's inside to proceed with lifetime testing.""To further increase our design-capacity  we are also addressing the long tail of demand through third party distribution agreements starting with German distributor Laser Components.Financial UpdateRevenue in the first quarter amounted to NOK 0.1m from initial shipments through our first distributor agreement and smaller test unit shipments to potential customers. Total operating cost was NOK 23.3m  in line with previous quarter  and an increase of NOK 7.1m (44 %) from the same quarter last year. The increase from last year is driven by the scaling of operations  higher R&D activity  and cost associated with our Taiwan branch. EBITDA ended at NOK 21.5m negative  slightly higher than previous quarter  below NOK 13.3m negative in the same period last year.Cash flow from operations was NOK 24.0m negative in the quarter  in line with previous quarter and up NOK 6.2m year-on-year. As part of the ongoing ramp-up  CrayoNano continued to build strategic inventory which increased by NOK 3m in the first quarter. As the availability of products has been a key constraint in the market  we believe having a strategic inventory is an important asset for our revenue operations.At the end of the quarter cash and cash equivalents was NOK 10.2m  flat quarter-on-quarter as the negative cash flow from operations and investments in the first quarter was offset by positive cash flow from financing as the company secured a shareholder loan of NOK 27.5mPost quarter-end  on 18th April  the company announced the successful completion of a private placement of approximately NOK 125m in gross proceeds. CrayoNano is well capitalized and will utilize the new growth capital towards key strategic goals including sales acceleration  investments in manufacturing capacity and flexibility  product development and for general corporate purposes.Thomas Ferré  European Innovation Council (EIC) Fund said:""At the EIC  we strive to find and support the next breakthrough technology and innovation coming out of Europe. We are proud to support CrayoNano's disruption in the UV-C LED market as they scale into a new generation of European semiconductor companies. The EU chips act drives a strong focus on European-based deep-tech semiconductor companies as Europe rebuilds its semiconductor footprint.""Through the EIC Accelerator program  the EIC has contributed €2.4 million in grants in addition to the €5 million of equity in this round of financing and we are proud to support the company in its next phase of growth.The company's Board of Directors has resolved an intention to carry out a subsequent offering towards existing shareholders  the subscription period is expected to commence within the next few weeks.The Company's Board of directors has also resolved to pursue a listing on Euronext Growth Oslo within the next 12 months following the private placement.Conference Call DetailsCrayoNano will host an analyst and investor video webcast about its Q1 2023 Financial Update at 10:00 CET today. The live video webcast will be accessible via the company's website:https://webcast.openbriefing.com/crayonano-may23/An audio replay service will also be made available after the webcast at the above web address.Calendar of future events for CrayoNano:2023 Interim Results: 23 August 2023Q3 Financial Update: 9 November 2023For more information  please contact:CEO Jo UthusEMail: investor@crayonano.comPhone: +47 72 90 98 60About CrayoNanoCrayoNano develops and manufactures semiconductor components based on our expertise and technology in nanomaterials. With on our patented and proprietary technology  our first application targets the fast-growing disinfection market with high quality and performance driven UV-C LEDs.The company is headquartered in Trondheim  Norway  applying a fab-lite model with a global supply chain and worldwide footprint to provide our customers with innovative semiconductor devices. Our vision is to enable new applications and solutions in health & safety  water purification  life sciences  consumer and industrial goods  and automotive industries. CrayoNano is registered on OTC in Norway under the ticker: CNANO.About the EIC FundThe European Innovation Council Fund from the European Commission is an agnostic Fund: it invests across all technologies and verticals  and all EU countries and countries associated to Horizon Europe. It provides the investment component of the EIC Accelerator blended finance.The EIC Fund aims to fill a critical financing gap and its main purpose is to support companies in the development and commercialization of disruptive technologies  bridging with and crowding in market players  and further sharing risk by building a large network of capital providers and strategic partners suitable for co-investments and follow-on funding.The Fund pays particular attention to the empowerment and support of female founders as well as the ambition to reduce the innovation divide among EU countries.Thomas Ferré  European Innovation Council (EIC) Fund said:""At the EIC  we strive to find and support the next breakthrough technology and innovation coming out of Europe. We are proud to support CrayoNano's disruption in the UV-C LED market as they scale into a new generation of European semiconductor companies.""The EU chips act drives a strong focus on European-based deep-tech semiconductor companies as Europe rebuilds its semiconductor footprint.""Through the EIC Accelerator program  the EIC has contributed €2.4 million in grants in addition to the €5 million of equity in this round of financing and we are proud to support the company in its next phase of growth.""",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.08,0.4,True,English,"['Q1 2023 Investor Update', 'CrayoNano', 'CrayoLED TM H-series UV-C LED', 'Cobra Clean FX1 Lamp', 'third party distribution agreements', 'higher R&D activity', 'CrayoLEDTM H-series UV-C LEDs', 'German distributor Laser Components', 'smaller test unit shipments', 'municipal water treatment products', 'CrayoLEDTM UV-C LED products', 'UV-C LED disinfection', 'higher output power', 'standard operating current', 'future disinfection automation', 'first distributor agreement', 'other illness-inducing pathogens', 'first 1 million units', 'surface disinfection applications', 'negative cash fl', 'wall plug efficiency', 'material revenue generation', 'serviceable addressable market', 'overall system performance', 'One key customer', 'Total operating cost', 'Q1 2023 Investor Update', '30 % product performance improvement', 'CrayoLEDTM products', 'Laser Technologies', 'other applications', 'Product Update', 'system efficiency', 'key milestone', 'additional applications', 'first phase', 'initial shipments', 'key constraint', 'Cash flow', 'cash equivalents', 'Customer Update', 'Financial Update', 'performance class', 'high-power performance', 'first quarter', 'Norway-CrayoNano AS', 'private placement', 'Jo Uthus', 'new capital', 'next chapter', 'new version', 'energy efficiency', 'two announcements', 'continuous development', '5 % wall-plug efficiency', 'less heat', 'total cost', 'less maintenance', 'TM-21 model', 'additional markets', 'strong interest', 'target segments', 'sales funnel', 'Simon Stanley', 'long tail', 'Taiwan branch', 'ongoing ramp-up', 'strategic inventory', 'important asset', 'quarter cash', 'market segments', 'longer lifetime', 'design process', 'qualification process', 'lifetime Testing', 'previous quarter', 'same quarter', 'volume production', 'volume orders', 'continued growth', '500 mA drive', 'customer leads', 'same period', 'The Company', 'last year', 'revenue operations', 'CrayoNano Q1', 'potential customers', 'quarter end', '30 % improvement', '350 mA', '20 customers', 'Trondheim', 'NOTC', 'CNANO', 'NOK', 'number', 'CEO', 'planned', 'expansion', 'feedback', 'plans', 'increase', 'wins', 'March', 'improvements', 'robustness', 'quality', 'link', '100 mW', 'bacteria', 'viruses', 'ownership', 'replacements', 'adoption', 'requirements', '140 mW', '4,000 hours', 'access', 'curing', 'design-ins', 'months', 'ProPhotonix', 'specialist', 'prototype', 'Director', 'Technology', 'characterization', 'validation', 'design-capacity', 'demand', 'line', 'scaling', 'EBITDA', 'availability']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24922,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-to-host-Annual-General-Meeting-on-June-14-2023-43850288/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,BioSenic to host Annual General Meeting on June 14 2023,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATION Preliminary documents for the Annual General Meeting have been made available on company’s website Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  May 15th  2023 7.00am CET – BioSenic   the clinical stage company specializing in seriou…,REGULATED INFORMATIONPreliminary documents for the Annual General Meeting have been made available on company’s websiteMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  May 15th  2023 7.00am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell repair  invites its shareholders and the holders of registered subscription rights and registered convertible bonds of the Company to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 14 June 2023 as from 4:00 pm CEST  at Osborne Clarke offices  Bastion Tower  Place du Champ de Mars 5  1050 Brussels  Belgium.The notices for the meetings  including the agenda of the day as well as the motions to vote  are published today in the Belgian Official Gazette and La Libre Belgique.The documents and preliminary information concerning these meetings have been made available and can be consulted on BioSenics’ website  under the section Investors / Annual General Meeting  in compliance with the applicable law and regulations.It is also possible to receive the documents without charge upon simple request by email to generalassembly@biosenic.com or by telephone on +32 (0)493 09 73 66. The documents are also available at the Company’s headquarters  Rue Granbonpré 11  Building H  1435 Mont-St-Guibert  Belgium.About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis should allow BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  since they are expected by mid-2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation. Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing an off-the-shelf next-generation improved viscosupplement  JTA-004  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid - a natural component of knee synovial fluid  and a fast-acting analgesic. JTA-004 intends to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis changes the therapeutic profile of the molecule and potentially allows for the possibility of stratifying patients for a new  optimized Phase III clinical study. BioSenic  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 and will continue to focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) and cell therapy (ALLOB) platforms  is now seeking to collaborate with existing and potential partners to explore options for the future development of JTA-004 based on this new post-hoc analysis.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'BioSenic', 'June', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study', 'new, IP protected, oral (OATO) formulation', 'Place du Champ de Mars', 'international Phase III confirmatory study', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'orphan drug designation status', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'same oral formulation', 'gene therapy platform', 'Phase II trial', 'cell oxidative stress', 'cell death program', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Osborne Clarke offices', 'Belgian Official Gazette', 'La Libre Belgique', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'single local injection', 'scalable manufacturing process', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'optimized production process', 'late delayed union', 'several pro-inflammatory cytokines', 'One direct application', 'autoimmune cell pathways', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'successful first safety', 'severe multiorgan damage', 'tissue repair protection', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'double basic effect', 'Key target indications', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'two main platforms', 'leading biotech company', 'innate/adaptative immune system', 'potent immunomodulatory properties', 'clinical stage company', 'efficacy study', 'strong IP', 'intravenous formulation', 'cell repair', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'new arsenal', 'new rules', 'clinical assets', 'first effect', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'serious autoimmune', 'main results', 'Severe forms', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'organ repair', 'bone regeneration', 'second effect', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'inflammatory diseases', 'subscription rights', 'convertible bonds', 'Wednesday 14 June', 'Bastion Tower', 'preliminary information', 'applicable law', 'simple request', 'Rue Granbonpré', 'Building H', 'Host Disease', 'strategic positionings', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'Further information', 'healthy donors', 'bone-forming cells', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'patient recruitment', 'long bones', 'statistical analysis', 'original protocol', 'activated B', 'other cells', 'significant complications', 'long-term survival', 'Euronext Brussels', 'BioSenics’ website', 'Preliminary documents', '1050 Brussels', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'May', 'Paris', 'shareholders', 'notices', 'meetings', 'agenda', 'motions', 'vote', 'section', 'Investors', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'charge', 'email', 'generalassembly', 'telephone', 'headquarters', '1435 Mont-St-Guibert', 'development', 'ALLOB', 'Graft', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'October', 'strengths', 'Medsenic', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'point', 'use', 'hospitals', 'injury', 'Europe', 'patients', 'mid-20', 'increase', 'apoptosis', 'onco-immunology', 'common', 'SCT', 'FDA', 'Moderate', 'show', '4:00', '493']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24923,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2668360/0/en/BioSenic-to-host-Annual-General-Meeting-on-June-14-2023.html,BioSenic to host Annual General Meeting on June 14 2023,REGULATED INFORMATION    Preliminary documents for the Annual General Meeting have been made available on company’s website    Mont-Saint-Guibert ...,English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATIONPreliminary documents for the Annual General Meeting have been made available on company’s websiteMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  May 15th  2023 7.00am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell repair  invites its shareholders and the holders of registered subscription rights and registered convertible bonds of the Company to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 14 June 2023 as from 4:00 pm CEST  at Osborne Clarke offices  Bastion Tower  Place du Champ de Mars 5  1050 Brussels  Belgium.The notices for the meetings  including the agenda of the day as well as the motions to vote  are published today in the Belgian Official Gazette and La Libre Belgique.The documents and preliminary information concerning these meetings have been made available and can be consulted on BioSenics’ website  under the section Investors / Annual General Meeting  in compliance with the applicable law and regulations.It is also possible to receive the documents without charge upon simple request by email to generalassembly@biosenic.com or by telephone on +32 (0)493 09 73 66. The documents are also available at the Company’s headquarters  Rue Granbonpré 11  Building H  1435 Mont-St-Guibert  Belgium.About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis should allow BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  since they are expected by mid-2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation. Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing an off-the-shelf next-generation improved viscosupplement  JTA-004  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid - a natural component of knee synovial fluid  and a fast-acting analgesic. JTA-004 intends to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis changes the therapeutic profile of the molecule and potentially allows for the possibility of stratifying patients for a new  optimized Phase III clinical study. BioSenic  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 and will continue to focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) and cell therapy (ALLOB) platforms  is now seeking to collaborate with existing and potential partners to explore options for the future development of JTA-004 based on this new post-hoc analysis.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'BioSenic', 'June', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study', 'new, IP protected, oral (OATO) formulation', 'Place du Champ de Mars', 'international Phase III confirmatory study', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'orphan drug designation status', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'same oral formulati', 'gene therapy platform', 'Phase II trial', 'cell oxidative stress', 'cell death program', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Osborne Clarke offices', 'Belgian Official Gazette', 'La Libre Belgique', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'single local injection', 'scalable manufacturing process', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'optimized production process', 'late delayed union', 'several pro-inflammatory cytokines', 'One direct application', 'autoimmune cell pathways', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'successful first safety', 'severe multiorgan damage', 'tissue repair protection', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'double basic effect', 'Key target indications', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'two main platforms', 'leading biotech company', 'innate/adaptative immune system', 'potent immunomodulatory properties', 'clinical stage company', 'efficacy study', 'strong IP', 'intravenous formulation', 'cell repair', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'new arsenal', 'new rules', 'clinical assets', 'first effect', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'serious autoimmune', 'main results', 'Severe forms', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'organ repair', 'bone regeneration', 'second effect', 'English French', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'inflammatory diseases', 'subscription rights', 'convertible bonds', 'Wednesday 14 June', 'Bastion Tower', 'preliminary information', 'applicable law', 'simple request', 'Rue Granbonpré', 'Building H', 'Host Disease', 'strategic positionings', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'Further information', 'healthy donors', 'bone-forming cells', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'patient recruitment', 'long bones', 'statistical analysis', 'original protocol', 'activated B', 'other cells', 'significant complications', 'long-term survival', 'Euronext Brussels', 'BioSenics’ website', 'Preliminary documents', '1050 Brussels', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'May', 'Paris', 'shareholders', 'notices', 'meetings', 'agenda', 'motions', 'vote', 'section', 'Investors', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'charge', 'email', 'generalassembly', 'telephone', 'headquarters', '1435 Mont-St-Guibert', 'development', 'ALLOB', 'Graft', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'October', 'strengths', 'Medsenic', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'point', 'use', 'hospitals', 'injury', 'Europe', 'patients', 'mid-20', 'increase', 'apoptosis', 'onco-immunology', 'common', 'SCT', 'FDA', '4:00', '493']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24924,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GECI-INTERNATIONAL-5119/news/Geci-International-2022-23-FULL-YEAR-REVENUES-43856595/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Geci International :  2022-23 FULL-YEAR REVENUES,(marketscreener.com)  GECI INTERNATIONAL ACCELERATES ITS GROWTH2022-23 FULL-YEAR REVENUES:+24% AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES AND +16% AT CURRENT EXCHANGE RATESGECI International  the Digital and Technology specialist  is confirming its very strong developme…,"GECI INTERNATIONAL ACCELERATES ITS GROWTH2022-23 FULL-YEAR REVENUES:+24% AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES AND +16% AT CURRENT EXCHANGE RATESGECI International  the Digital and Technology specialist  is confirming its very strong development for FY 2022-23  with full-year revenue growth of +24% at constant exchange rates. This sustained performance across the two business divisions  both in France and Brazil  reflects the successful redeployment of the Group's offering  driven by the strengthening of its listings and the new clients brought on board.KEY DEVELOPMENTS FOR THE YEAR__________GECI International recorded consolidated revenues of €20.5m during the year (April 2022-March 2023)  up +15.6% compared with the previous year (+24.0% at constant exchange rates).This robust organic growth confirms the Group's successful strategic realignment around the strong value-added Digital and Technology markets  thanks in particular to strong progress with the high performance computing (HPC)  financial IT and telecoms activities  driven by the renewal of client listings and the concrete progress made with major new contracts in Brazil in particular. These positive trends made it possible to largely offset the contraction in the IT outsourcing activities and the withdrawal from South Africa[1].At March 31  2023  the breakdown of the Group's consolidated revenues was as follows: 74.3% in France  25.5% in Brazil and 0.3% in Israel. This factors in a positive exchange effect in Brazil for €0.5m  representing 2.5% of revenues  due to the Brazilian real's revaluation against the euro during the year.At end-March 2023  the Group had a total of 530 employees  compared with 439 at end-March 2022. This change is linked primarily to the deployment of various framework agreements in Brazil.During the year  the Group continued moving forward with its policy to develop international alliances  focused in particular on human resources  commercial aspects and technologies.CHANGE IN REVENUES FOR EACH BUSINESS LINE AND REGION__________(currently being audited) Apr 2022 to Mar 2023(12 months) Apr 2021 to Mar 2022(12 months) Change €m % of rev €m % of rev (%)Half-year periods H1 9.80 47.7% 8.40 47.2% + 16.8% H2 10.74 52.3% 9.38 52.8% + 14.5% Full-year revenues 20.54 100% 17.78 100% + 15.6%Business division Digital 11.91 58.0% 10.60 59.6% + 12.4% Technology 8.63 42.0% 7.18 40.4% + 20.2% Full-year revenues 20.54 100% 17.78 100% +15.6%Region France 15.27 74.3% 13.77 77.4% + 10.9% Brazil 5.25 25.5% 3.68 20.7% + 42.6% South Africa 0.00 0.0% 0.33 1.8% Not applicable Israel 0.03 0.1% 0.00 0.0% ns Full-year revenues 20.54 100% 17.78 100% + 15.6%The Digital division (€11.9m  representing 58.0% of full-year revenues) is up +12.4% year-on-year. This growth reflects the outstanding progress made with the HPC activities (+14.8%) and the sustained rate of growth for the Finance activities (+36.5%)  which significantly developed their positions during the year. However  the IT outsourcing business contracted by -18.1%.The Technology division (€8.6m  representing 42.0% of full-year revenues) is up +20.2% year-on-year. This change is linked mainly to the Brazilian subsidiary's strong revenue growth (+28.6% at constant exchange rates)  with the rollout of major telecoms contracts signed in previous years;In France  the Technology division reflects the resilience and upturn in the Telecoms business (+2.6%) and the emergence of the Engineering activities (+24.9%).FINANCIAL POSITION__________During the year  the Group continued to further strengthen its financial position by:reinforcing its presence alongside the main contracting authorities with a range of stronger value-added solutions  notably reflected in a significant increase in revenues for the banking  HPC and telecoms activities; increasing the average daily billing rate in France (+8.8% between April 2022 and March 2023).The Group's net financial debt totaled €6.6m at end-March 2023 (figures currently being audited)  including €0.7m of financial debt (including overdrafts)  €2.2m for the factoring advance  €0.3m for the ORNAN bond and convertible bond debt  €0.5m for the restatement of lease charges  €3.4m of debt linked to the Eolen Group's acquisition (put and vendor loan)  €0.2m for a partner current account and €0.9m of cash.Net financial debt is therefore down €1.0m or -13.7% compared with March 2023 (€7.6m). The partner current account concerns the leading shareholder XLP Holding  which contributed €0.2m in August 2022 to support the Group's development strategy.During FY 2022-23  the Group raised €2m gross through the conversion of 200 ORNAN bonds[2]. This refinancing enabled the Group to repay part of its debt and further strengthen its equity at end-March 2023  through capital increases for the same amount.OUTLOOK__________The good commercial performance levels  the strengthening of the financial position and the expected upturn in profitability over the full year are encouraging factors that confirm the relevance of the Group's strategy and its ability to maintain sustainable growth.In a disruptive environment driven by the new challenges relating to the digital  ecological and energy transformation of organizations and businesses  GECI International is continuing to move forward with its innovation strategy with a view to increasing the convergence of its two business divisions and ramping up its positions on strong value-added markets: telecommunications  transport  renewable energies and IT.Alongside this  the Group is capitalizing on new driving forces with strong potential  from the global smart city market to the aerospace market  which the Group intends to position itself on again.GECI International is effectively positioned to benefit from technological alliances and commercial partnerships in France  Israel and Brazil to carry out innovative projects and develop new smart products and services for applications in diverse fields (IoT  ITS[3]  smart street lighting  etc.)  while expanding its sources of future growth.As announced in its press release on May 12  2023  to support this diversification of its offering and take into account the commercial outlook  the Group decided to use financing based on bonds that can be converted into shares or redeemed in cash  as authorized by the General Shareholders' Meeting on September 29  2022 under its 17th resolution. These additional potential financial resources for a maximum nominal total of €10m  without any drawdown requirements  will also make it possible to finance external growth operations  if required  as well as investments in organic growth.With the innovative mindset that has guided the Group since it was founded  its expert management of complex projects  and its ability to drive progress with new technological companies  the Group aims to continue building on its profitable growth  while expanding its business model.NEXT DATE2022-23 full-year earnings on July 21  2023 after close of trading.ABOUT GECI INTERNATIONAL__________“Smart Solutions for a Smart World”GECI International is a specialist Technology and Digital group. Since it was founded in 1980  the Group has innovated to design and develop smart solutions  products and services for the Research  Industry and Service sectors.Driven by its recognized expertise  its ecosystem of technological partnerships  its business alliances and its highly qualified capabilities around the world  GECI International is positioned  with agility  across the entire value chain - consulting and expertise  development and integration  IT outsourcing and training - to support businesses and organizations with their search for a competitive strategy.GECI International is also rolling out a robust new entrepreneurial approach with the development of new smart and technological solutions focused on smart cities  transport and aerospace.GECI International is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market. ISIN (shares): FR0000079634 – ALGEC.CONTACTS__________GECI International - Investor RelationsTel: +33 (0)1 46 12 00 00 / relation.investisseurs@geci.netCALYPTUS - Cyril CombeTel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 / geci@calyptus.net[1] The contract with ESKOM (energy) ended in November 2021.[2] As authorized by the extraordinary general meeting on November 12  2020  on the same day the Group set up financing for a total net nominal amount of up to €9.3m through the issuing of up to 1 000 ORNAN bonds reserved for YA II PN  Ltd. During the year  the Group carried out three drawdowns for a total of 200 ORNAN bonds on May 25  2022  July 27  2022 and December 21  2022. In total  650 ORNAN bonds were drawn down out of the 1 000 ORNAN bonds available  with the corresponding contract ending on March 31  2023. There were still 30 ORNAN bonds to be converted at end-March 2023. In total  taking into account the conversion of five ORNAN bonds on April 18  2023  this issue resulted in the creation of 1 776 666 665 new shares.[3] Intelligent Transportation SystemsThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xphuY5VoambGmmlvappra5RraWyVmZSda2HGlGGeasrJaZ9nxW9lmpWcZnFhlWVo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80002-gi-cp-chiffre-affaires-22-23-vf_e.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.94,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Geci International', '23 FULL-YEAR REVENUES', 'leading shareholder XLP Holding', 'average daily billing rate', 'good commercial performance levels', 'high performance computing', 'various framework agreements', 'main contracting authorities', 'stronger value-added solutions', 'partner current account', 'two business divisions', 'EACH BUSINESS LINE', 'CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES', 'successful strategic realignment', 'major new contracts', 'IT outsourcing business', 'positive exchange effect', 'major telecoms contracts', 'Business division Digital', 'robust organic growth', 'strong value-added Digital', 'IT outsourcing activities', 'convertible bond debt', 'GECI INTERNATIONAL ACCELERATES', 'The Digital division', 'strong revenue growth', 'net financial debt', 'full-year revenue growth', 'The Technology division', 'Telecoms business', 'sustained performance', 'commercial aspects', 'sustained rate', 'financial IT', 'strong development', 'successful redeployment', 'new clients', 'strong progress', 'positive trends', 'ORNAN bond', 'telecoms activities', 'FINANCIAL POSITION', 'international alliances', 'Finance activities', 'Engineering activities', 'Technology specialist', 'Technology markets', 'concrete progress', 'South Africa', 'Brazilian real', 'human resources', 'Half-year periods', 'outstanding progress', 'Brazilian subsidiary', 'previous years', 'significant increase', 'factoring advance', 'lease charges', 'vendor loan', 'capital increases', 'same amount', 'encouraging factors', '23 FULL-YEAR REVENUES', 'consolidated revenues', 'client listings', 'HPC activities', 'development strategy', 'The Group', 'full year', 'Eolen Group', 'Region France', 'FY', 'offering', 'strengthening', 'board', 'DEVELOPMENTS', 'April', 'March', 'renewal', 'contraction', 'withdrawal', 'breakdown', 'Israel', 'revaluation', 'euro', 'total', '530 employees', 'policy', 'technologies', 'H2', 'positions', 'rollout', 'resilience', 'upturn', 'emergence', 'presence', 'range', 'banking', 'figures', 'overdrafts', 'restatement', 'acquisition', 'cash', 'August', 'conversion', 'refinancing', 'equity', 'OUTLOOK', 'profitability', 'relevance', '16.', '20.', '10.', '15.']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24925,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-Approved-the-quarterly-consolidated-financial-report-as-at-March-43855910/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : Approved the quarterly consolidated financial report as at March 31  2023,(marketscreener.com)   Results as at 31 March 2023   consolidated profit of 19.6 million consolidated shareholders' equity of 1.26 billion   The Board of Directors of Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   an independent and diversified industrial group…,"Results as at 31 March 2023 consolidated profit of 19.6 million (pro forma) consolidated shareholders' equity of 1.26 billion The Board of Directors of Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP""-tip.mi)  an independent and diversified industrial group specialized in active investment in excellent companies  listed on the Euronext Star Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  met today 15 May 2023 and approved the consolidated interim report at March 31  2023. At consolidated level TIP closes the first three months with a pro forma profit of 19.6 million  compared to 3.3 million on a like-for-like basis as at 31 March 2022. Consolidated shareholders' equity as at 31 March 2023 is approximately 1.26 billion  compared to 1.17 billion as at 31 December 2022. In absence of significant disposals the result for the quarter is mainly due to the good overall contribution of the results from the associated companies  which achieved even better results than those relating to the first quarter of 2022. In particular  the positive performance of Alpitour  a group in strong recovery after suffering from the effects of the restrictions related to Covid  has to be underlined. The usual pro forma income statement for the period 1 January - 31 March 2023  determined considering the realized capital gains and losses and the write-downs on equity investments  is shown below. As known  in fact  this system  in force until a few years ago  is considered to be much more significant for representing the reality of TIP's business. Reclassification to Reclassification to income statement income statement IFRS of capital gain of adjustments to PRO FORMA PRO FORMA Consolidated income statement 31/3/2023 (loss) realised financial assets 31/3/2023 31/3/2022 (in Euro) Total revenues 327.212 327.212 311.225 Purchases  service and other costs (549.975) (549.975) (625.176) Personnel expenses (4.636.495) (4.636.495) (2.404.179) Amortisation (92.147) (92.147) (87.718) Operating profit/(loss) (4.951.405) 0 0 (4.951.405) (2.805.848) Financial income 889.466 8.843.605 9.733.071 6.468.182 Financial charges (4.329.377) (4.329.377) (5.358.320) Share of profit/(loss) of associates measured 18.522.268 18.522.268 4.376.921 under the equity method Adjustments to financial assets 0 0 0 (101.200) Profit / (loss) before taxes 10.130.952 8.843.605 0 18.974.558 2.579.735 Current and deferred taxes 785.818 (210.058) 0 575.760 721.740 Profit / (loss) of the period 10.916.770 8.633.547 0 19.550.317 3.301.475 Profit/(loss) of the period attributable to 10.916.770 8.633.547 0 19.550.317 3.307.116 the shareholders of the parent Profit/(loss) of the period attributable to 0 0 0 0 (5.641) the minority interest The IFRS income statement does not include the capital gains realized in the period on equity investments and shares  equal to 8.8 million euros. The share of the result of investee companies classified associates  provide an income of approximately 18.5 million  thanks in particular to the positive results of IPGH S.p.A.  parent company of the Interpump group  OVS S.p.A.  ITH S.p.A.  parent company of the Sesa group  Beta Utensili S.p.A.  Sant' Agata S.p.A.  parent company of the Chiorino group  and Elica S.p.A.. Alpitour recorded a positive first quarter in terms of Ebitda for the first time in its history. 1Beyond the seasonality of Alpitour's business  it should be noted that it is finalizing economic performances and collecting orders such as to allow to be forecast a very positive result for the current year. Revenues from advisory activities in the period amounted to approximately 0.3 million. Personnel costs are substantially in line with the first quarter of 2022  considering the effect of the variable remunerations of executive directors which  as known  are based on the results for the period. During the quarter  some investments were slightly eased for a total income of around 20 million  with total capital gains of around 9 million. Financial income also includes 0.4 million in changes in the fair value of current investments in listed shares and interest income of 0.4 million. Financial charges mainly refer to interest accrued on the bond for approximately 2 million  to negative changes in the value of derivative instruments for 1.5 million and to other interest on loans for approximately 1 million. The consolidated net financial position of the TIP Group as at March 31  2023 - also taking into account the bond issued  but without considering non-current financial assets considered short-term usable liquidity - was negative by approximately 444 million  compared to approximately 419 million as at 31 December 2022. The change in the period is - net of income from disposals - essentially attributable to investments to finalize investments in equity investments and to the payments of variable compensation relating to 2022. In January 2023  through the subscription of a capital increase with an investment of 10 million  TIP performed the acquisition of a 28.5% stake in Simbiosi S.r.l.  the parent company of several activities that develop technologies  solutions and patents to be used in many applications aimed at saving natural resources (air  water  materials and soil) and energy. Following further purchases on the market  the stake in Elica rose to 21.38% of the share capital. The purchases of treasury shares also continued  for around 5 million. The results for the first three months of 2023 already communicated by the main listed companies  Amplifon S.p.A.  Hugo Boss AG  Interpump Group S.p.A.  Moncler S.p.A.  Prysmian S.p.A. and Roche Bobois are very positive  still growing compared to the record year 2022  thus continuing to demonstrate their ability not only to successfully face moments in which there are a lot of much talks about a possible slowdown  but even more to capitalize on their leadership positions in their respective markets. The data of OVS S.p.A. for the year ended January 31  2023 were very positive too. For Sesa S.p.A. the first nine months ended 31 January 2023 recorded further record results. Elica has seen a slowdown in sales  but  based on the information received  it should have gained market share in the sector. Following the approval by the Board of Directors of the document ""A Culture of Sustainability""  which took place on March 15  2023  which further confirmed and analytically detailed TIP's commitment - moreover historically consolidated - on ESG issues  the activities related to the commitments set out in the document continue. 2The activities of other direct and indirect equity investments also achieved positive results so far  after the excellent results of 2022. In particular Alpitour S.p.A. having overcome the tourism crisis due to Covid  restarted with a rapid growth in turnover  orders and profitability beyond the most optimistic forecasts. In the current financial year  the profitability of the Alpitour group in record years should therefore be exceeded  even significantly if there will be no events that are currently unforeseeable. Eataly S.p.A.  with the entry of the new CEO  has regained momentum showing a good recovery in revenues and margins. Even if the long-term performance  highlighted by the usual graph of the TIP share at 12 May 2023  over the past ten years  demonstrates an excellent performance of the share - +446.3% - both in absolute terms and with respect to the main national and international indexes and the total return(1)  again over ten years  of the TIP share was 493.4%  which corresponds to an average datum of approximately 50%  and to a compound datum of 19.5%  the listing price results at a significant discount compared to analysts' target price updates  all above 12 euros per share. The V.I.N. it's about 13 euros. 12 5 10 5 8 5 6 5 4 5 2 5 0 5 + 446  3% IT Star +2 7 3 9% asdaq +2 5 6 5% S&P 500 +1 5 2 3% D OW JONES + 1 1 9 9% F TSE Small Cap +9 9  6% F TSE MIB +5 9  3% MSC I Eur +4 9  2% TIP processing based on data collected on May 12  2023 at 6:16 PM  source Bloomberg (1) Total return source Bloomberg SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER MARCH 31  2023 In April  a new treasury share purchase program was launched up to a maximum of a further no. 5 000 000 shares to be completed by October 27  2024. In May  TIP reached an agreement to acquire 51% of Investindesign S.p.A.  a company that currently holds the majority share capital of Italian Design Brands S.p.A. (""IDB"")  an agreement whose execution is conditional on the stock market listing of IDB by 30 June 2023. The listing process is at a very advanced stage. TIP will invest 72 million for the purchase of 50.7% of the capital of Investindesign  attributing to IDB an economic capital value (so-called equity value) of 220 million. 3IDB is the operating parent company of an Italian furniture and design hub active - through numerous investments in companies operating in these sectors - in the production of high-end articles  with prestigious brands  including Gervasoni  Meridiani  Davide Groppi  Flexalighting  AXOLight  Very Wood  Saba  Gamma Arredamenti  Dandy Home  Miton and Binova. The group also includes two companies - Cenacchi International and Modar - specialized in the luxury contract with some of the most prestigious international fashion maison. The products made by IDB's investee companies are distributed and sold by third parties through approximately 4 500 points of sale. In 2022 the IDB group achieved a pro forma turnover (including for the full year also the total turnover of the companies acquired during the year) of approximately 266 million  with an Ebitda of over 49 million. The IDB group has created an aggregation platform in the fragmented sector of the production of furniture and lighting Made in Italy and has grown essentially through acquisitions. It currently has 650 people employed and in 2022 exported around 75% of its global turnover. TIP also has the possibility to request the release  by the current Investindesign shareholders  of a call option to acquire a further 20% of the capital of Investindesign in the interest of natural and/or legal persons to be named  at present identifiable as the shareholders of Asset Italia S.p.A.  exercisable until 15 July 2023  under the same conditions as the acquisition of 50.7%. The purchases of treasury shares and the usual active management of liquidity also continued. BUSINESS OUTLOOK The terrors and dramatizations that had characterized the last months of 2022 are now less present  at least partially. Inflation is now showing signs of easing in much of the industrialized world  even if official interest rates continue to be raised by the main central banks and market rates remain high. The costs of many raw materials have greatly reduced and this phenomenon is improving the margins of many companies. Given these events  the bankruptcies of some American banks are surprising  but it is now evident how harmful the deregulation policy carried out by the US government has been in the past years. Months ago we underlined the irrational fears we were living with  pumped up by so many economists  commentators  the media; now there are talks about possible slight slowdowns of the economy in the second half of the year. It could be  even if the orders of many groups would seem not to indicate it. In this scenario  however  we are always very satisfied with the performance of the investee companies which  with their leadership  demonstrate - almost all of them - on the one hand still excellent performance and  on the other  an ability to resist crises - now that we have also experienced the effect of a pandemic and of a war - truly exceptional. As known  all our subsidiaries have also very low levels of debt so  even a level of interest rates which is hitting many companies hard  to the ""TIP world"" shouldn't cause particular problems. On the contrary  we should strengthen both in absolute terms and with respect to our competitors and put ourselves in a position - as in the IDB case - to seize opportunities that the stock markets and private equity markets are presumably unable to finalize. TREASURY SHARES The treasury shares in portfolio at March 31  2023 totalled 17 286 260  equal to 9.375% of the share capital. At May 12  2023  treasury shares in portfolio totalled 17 273 689  equal to 9.369% of the share capital. 4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.1,0.31,True,English,"['quarterly consolidated financial report', 'Tamburi Investment Partners', 'March', 'PRO FORMA PRO FORMA Consolidated income statement', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'usual pro forma income statement', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Beta Utensili S.p.A.', ""Sant' Agata S.p.A."", 'IPGH S.p.A.', 'OVS S.p.A.', 'ITH S.p.A.', 'Elica S.p.A.', 'Simbiosi S.r.l.', 'Euronext Star Milan segment', 'income statement income statement', 'The IFRS income statement', 'pro forma profit', 'good overall contribution', 'first three months', 'diversified industrial group', ""Consolidated shareholders' equity"", 'non-current financial assets', 'net financial position', 'total capital gains', 'positive first quarter', 'consolidated level', 'total income', 'Financial income', 'active investment', 'interest income', 'first time', 'positive performance', 'Financial charges', 'capital increase', 'excellent companies', 'interim report', 'associated companies', 'strong recovery', 'other costs', 'Personnel expenses', 'equity method', 'investee companies', 'Interpump group', 'Sesa group', 'Chiorino group', 'economic performances', 'advisory activities', 'Personnel costs', 'variable remunerations', 'derivative instruments', 'variable compensation', 'several activities', 'Total revenues', 'parent company', 'minority interest', 'other interest', 'current year', 'positive result', 'significant disposals', 'deferred taxes', '8.8 million euros', 'executive directors', 'fair value', 'listed shares', 'negative changes', 'equity investments', 'tip.mi', 'TIP Group', 'Operating profit', 'current investments', '6 million', 'Results', '31 March', 'Board', 'independent', 'basis', '31 December', 'absence', 'Alpitour', 'effects', 'restrictions', 'Covid', 'period', '1 January', 'losses', 'write-downs', 'fact', 'system', 'force', 'years', 'reality', 'business', 'Reclassification', 'adjustments', 'Purchases', 'service', 'Amortisation', 'associates', 'terms', 'Ebitda', 'history', 'seasonality', 'orders', 'line', 'bond', 'loans', 'account', 'liquidity', 'payments', 'subscription', 'acquisition', '28.5% stake', 'technologies', 'solutions']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24926,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOUAX-SCA-5013/news/Touax-Stable-activity-in-1st-quarter-2023-43856415/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,Touax: Stable activity in 1st quarter 2023,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE        Paris  15 May 2023 - 5.45 pm YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORT Stable activity in 1st quarter 2023 €37.1 million in revenues for the first three months of the year  stable compared to 1st qua…,"PRESS RELEASE Paris  15 May 2023 - 5.45 pmYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTStable activity in 1st quarter 2023€ 37 . 1 million in revenues for the first three months of the year  stable compared to 1 st quarter 2022Leasing income up 10.5%Total restated revenue for the 1st quarter 2023 amounts to €37.1 million (€36.4 million at constant currency and scope1)  stable compared to €37.4 million for the same period in 2022.Restated Revenue from activities (*) Q1 2023Q1 2022Variation(in € thousand) Leasing revenue on owned equipment 17 139 15 509 1 630 Ancillary services 5 030 5 732 -702 Total leasing activity 22 169 21 241 928 Sales of owned equipment 13 053 14 862 -1 809 Total sales of equipment 13 053 14 862 -1 809 Total of owned activity 35 222 36 103 -881 Syndication fees 0 0 0 Management fees 1 021 978 43 Sales fees 861 336 525 Total of management activity 1 882 1 314 568 Other capital gains on disposals 1 0 1 Total Others 1 0 1 Total Restated Revenue from activities 37 105 37 417 -312(*) To ensure an understanding of the performance of the activities  the key indicators of the Group's activity report are presented differently from the IFRS income statement. For this reason  no distinction is made in the management of third-party accounts  which is presented exclusively as an agent.This presentation allows for a direct reading of syndication fees  sales fees and management fees.This presentation does not result in any difference in EBITDA  operating profit and net profit. The accounting presentation of the revenues of the activities is reported in the annex to the press release.The decline in new equipment sales was offset by growth in leasing income and a recovery in used equipment sales.Owned activities decrease by €0.9 million (-2.4%) following a drop in sales of new equipment and ancillary services (-€2.5 million)  offset by a very favourable trend in leasing income  up by 10.5% (+€1.6 million).The container market has normalised over 2023 generating a decline in ancillary services and container sales  these activities having benefited from an exceptional year in 2022.The recurring leasing business continues to grow thanks to leasing rate increases  which reflect our ability to increase the value of our contracts in relation to inflation  and to the growth of the fleet.Management activities increased by €0.6 million due to sales commissions on second-hand equipment owned by investors.ANALYSIS OF THE CONTRIBUTION BY DIVISIONRestated Revenue from activities Q1 2023Q1 2022Variation(in € thousand) Leasing revenue on owned equipment 11 124 10 544 580 Ancillary services 1 938 1 858 80 Total leasing activity 13 062 12 402 660 Sales of owned equipment 76 110 -34 Total sales of equipment 76 110 -34 Total of owned activity 13 138 12 512 626 Management fees 538 466 72 Total of management activity 538 466 72 Total Freight railcars 13 676 12 978 698 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 1 878 1 619 259 Ancillary services 2 072 1 807 265 Total leasing activity 3 950 3 426 524 Total sales of equipment 0 0 0 Total of owned activity 3 950 3 426 524 Management fees 11 14 -3 Total of management activity 11 14 -3 Total River Barges 3 961 3 440 521 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 4 133 3 342 791 Ancillary services 1 020 2 070 -1 050 Total leasing activity 5 153 5 412 -259 Sales of owned equipment 10 211 13 205 -2 994 Total sales of equipment 10 211 13 205 -2 994 Total of owned activity 15 364 18 617 -3 253 Management fees 472 498 -26 Sales fees 861 336 525 Total of management activity 1 333 834 499 Total Containers 16 697 19 451 -2 754 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 4 4 0 Ancillary services 0 -3 3 Total leasing activity 4 1 3 Sales of owned equipment 2 766 1 547 1 219 Total sales of equipment 2 766 1 547 1 219 Total of owned activity 2 770 1 548 1 222 Other capital gains on disposals 1 0 1 Total Others 1 0 1 Total Miscellaneous and eliminations 2 771 1 548 1 223 Total Restated Revenue from activities 37 105 37 417 -312The Freight Railcars business grew by 5.4%  driven by leasing revenues from owned equipment  up by €0.6 million. This increase is explained by the regular investments initiated since 2021 and by maintaining a high utilisation rate  at an average of 88.5% in the 1er quarter of 2023.The River Barges activity increased its turnover by +15.1%. This increase is explained by a 100% utilisation rate in the 1er quarter of 2023  by a fleet that grew slightly over the year (purchase of four second-hand barges for the Rhine and Danube basins  and the full effect over the quarter of leasing income from two new barges rented on the Seine) and by the growth in chartering activity on the Rhine basin  which accounts for half of the increase in the value of the division's revenues.Revenues in the Container Division remained strong at €16.7 million  but decreased by €2.8 million  in an overall market that is normalising after two exceptional years in 2021 and 2022 in terms of prices and volumes for new containers. In this context  sales of owned containers and ancillary services (pick-up charges)  which had maximised trading activity in 2022  fell by €3.0 million and €1.1 million respectively in the quarter.Recurring leasing income from owned equipment increased by €0.8 million (+23.7%). Management activity grew by €0.5 million with an increase in sales commissions on investor equipment due to the redelivery of older containers by lessees  leading to an increase in our used container sales activities.The Modular Buildings in Africa business  presented in the ""Miscellaneous"" line  is off to a very good start in 2023 after the low point of 2022  showing a net increase of €1.2 million (+79%). The year as a whole looks good  with a high order backlog.OUTLOOKThe Touax Group confirms its strategy of regular investments in quality assets with long term leases in place  while remaining cautious given the market conditions.Touax's business continues to do well at a time when awareness of the need to decarbonise the economy and transport is growing.Touax's goal is to better serve its clients with sustainable transportation services. Our various asset classes benefit from the development of infrastructure  e-commerce and intermodal logistics  corresponding to the expectations of consumers  manufacturers  public authorities  and lenders and investors  all of whom support green transport.UPCOMING EVENTS14 June 2023: General Meeting of Shareholders13 September 2023: Videoconference presentation of the half-year results  in French14 September 2023: Videoconference presentation of the half-year results  in EnglishThe TOUAX Group leases tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) every day throughout the world for its own account and for investors. With €1.3 billion under management  TOUAX is one of Europe's leading leasing companies for this type of equipment.TOUAX is listed in Paris on EURONEXT Compartment C (ISIN Code FR0000033003) and is included in the CAC® Small CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext©PEA-PME 150 indices.For more information: www.touax.comYour contacts :TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOtouax@touax.com ggasparetto@actin.frwww.touax.comTel: +33 1 46 96 18 00 Tel : +33 1 56 88 11 11APPENDIX1- Accounting presentation of Revenue from activitiesRevenue from activities Q1 2023Q1 2022(in € thousand) Leasing revenue on owned equipment 17 139 15 509 Ancillary services 6 436 6 578 Total leasing activity 23 575 22 087 Sales of owned equipment 13 053 14 862 Total sales of equipment 13 053 14 862 Total of owned activity 36 628 36 949 Leasing revenue on managed equipment 9 485 10 819 Syndication fees 0 0 Management fees 372 270 Sales fees 861 336 Total of management activity 10 718 11 425 Other capital gains on disposals 1 0 Total Others 1 0 Total Revenue from activities 47 347 48 3742- Table showing the transition from summary Accounting presentation to Restated presentationRevenue from activities Q1 2023RetreatmentRetreated Q1 2022RetreatmentRetreated (in € thousand) Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 17 139 17 139 15 509 15 509 Ancillary services 6 436 -1 406 5 030 6 578 -846 5 732 Total leasing activity 23 575 -1 406 22 169 22 087 -846 21 241 Sales of owned equipment 13 053 13 053 14 862 14 862 Total sales of equipment 13 053 0 13 053 14 862 0 14 862 Total of owned activity 36 628 -1 406 35 222 36 949 -846 36 103 Leasing revenue on managed equipment 9 485 -9 485 0 10 819 -10 819 0 Syndication fees 0 0 0 0 Management fees 372 649 1 021 270 708 978 Sales fees 861 861 336 0 336 Total of management activity 10 718 -8 836 1 882 11 425 -10 111 1 314 Other capital gains on disposals 1 1 0 0 Total Others 1 0 1 0 0 0 Total Revenue from activities 47 347 -10 242 37 105 48 374 -10 957 37 4171 Based on a comparable structure and on average exchange rates at 31 March 2022Attachment",positive,0.54,0.46,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Stable activity', '1st quarter', 'Touax', 'The Freight Railcars business', 'The River Barges activity', 'first three months', 'Other capital gains', 'Total Freight railcars', 'recurring leasing business', 'Total River Barges', 'four second-hand barges', 'two new barges', 'two exceptional years', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'high utilisation rate', 'IFRS income statement', 'Total leasing activity', 'new equipment sales', '100% utilisation rate', 'rate increases', 'new containers', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORT', 'constant currency', 'same period', 'Ancillary services', 'Syndication fees', 'key indicators', 'third-party accounts', 'direct reading', 'operating profit', 'net profit', 'favourable trend', 'container market', 'regular investments', 'Danube basins', 'full effect', 'overall market', 'Leasing income', 'Stable activity', 'activity report', 'Management fees', 'Leasing revenue', 'management activity', '1st quarter', '1 st quarter', '1er quarter', 'second-hand equipment', 'Total sales', 'Sales fees', 'container sales', 'sales commissions', 'Total Containers', 'Total Others', 'Rhine basin', 'accounting presentation', 'Container Division', 'Owned activities', 'Management activities', 'Paris', '15 May', 'revenues', 'scope', 'Variation', 'disposals', 'understanding', 'performance', 'Group', 'reason', 'distinction', 'agent', 'difference', 'EBITDA', 'annex', 'decline', 'growth', 'recovery', 'drop', 'ability', 'value', 'contracts', 'relation', 'inflation', 'fleet', 'investors', 'ANALYSIS', 'CONTRIBUTION', 'Miscellaneous', 'eliminations', 'average', 'turnover', 'purchase', 'Seine', 'half', 'terms', 'prices', 'volumes', 'context', '5.45', '€', '43']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24927,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/15/2669104/0/en/Touax-Stable-activity-in-1st-quarter-2023.html,Touax: Stable activity in 1st quarter 2023,PRESS RELEASE        Paris  15 May 2023 - 5.45 pm  YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORT  Stable activity in 1st quarter 2023 ...,"English FrenchPRESS RELEASE Paris  15 May 2023 - 5.45 pmYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTStable activity in 1st quarter 2023€ 37 . 1 million in revenues for the first three months of the year  stable compared to 1 st quarter 2022Leasing income up 10.5%Total restated revenue for the 1st quarter 2023 amounts to €37.1 million (€36.4 million at constant currency and scope1)  stable compared to €37.4 million for the same period in 2022.Restated Revenue from activities (*) Q1 2023Q1 2022Variation(in € thousand) Leasing revenue on owned equipment 17 139 15 509 1 630 Ancillary services 5 030 5 732 -702 Total leasing activity 22 169 21 241 928 Sales of owned equipment 13 053 14 862 -1 809 Total sales of equipment 13 053 14 862 -1 809 Total of owned activity 35 222 36 103 -881 Syndication fees 0 0 0 Management fees 1 021 978 43 Sales fees 861 336 525 Total of management activity 1 882 1 314 568 Other capital gains on disposals 1 0 1 Total Others 1 0 1 Total Restated Revenue from activities 37 105 37 417 -312(*) To ensure an understanding of the performance of the activities  the key indicators of the Group's activity report are presented differently from the IFRS income statement. For this reason  no distinction is made in the management of third-party accounts  which is presented exclusively as an agent.This presentation allows for a direct reading of syndication fees  sales fees and management fees.This presentation does not result in any difference in EBITDA  operating profit and net profit. The accounting presentation of the revenues of the activities is reported in the annex to the press release.The decline in new equipment sales was offset by growth in leasing income and a recovery in used equipment sales.Owned activities decrease by €0.9 million (-2.4%) following a drop in sales of new equipment and ancillary services (-€2.5 million)  offset by a very favourable trend in leasing income  up by 10.5% (+€1.6 million).The container market has normalised over 2023 generating a decline in ancillary services and container sales  these activities having benefited from an exceptional year in 2022.The recurring leasing business continues to grow thanks to leasing rate increases  which reflect our ability to increase the value of our contracts in relation to inflation  and to the growth of the fleet.Management activities increased by €0.6 million due to sales commissions on second-hand equipment owned by investors.ANALYSIS OF THE CONTRIBUTION BY DIVISIONRestated Revenue from activities Q1 2023Q1 2022Variation(in € thousand) Leasing revenue on owned equipment 11 124 10 544 580 Ancillary services 1 938 1 858 80 Total leasing activity 13 062 12 402 660 Sales of owned equipment 76 110 -34 Total sales of equipment 76 110 -34 Total of owned activity 13 138 12 512 626 Management fees 538 466 72 Total of management activity 538 466 72 Total Freight railcars 13 676 12 978 698 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 1 878 1 619 259 Ancillary services 2 072 1 807 265 Total leasing activity 3 950 3 426 524 Total sales of equipment 0 0 0 Total of owned activity 3 950 3 426 524 Management fees 11 14 -3 Total of management activity 11 14 -3 Total River Barges 3 961 3 440 521 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 4 133 3 342 791 Ancillary services 1 020 2 070 -1 050 Total leasing activity 5 153 5 412 -259 Sales of owned equipment 10 211 13 205 -2 994 Total sales of equipment 10 211 13 205 -2 994 Total of owned activity 15 364 18 617 -3 253 Management fees 472 498 -26 Sales fees 861 336 525 Total of management activity 1 333 834 499 Total Containers 16 697 19 451 -2 754 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 4 4 0 Ancillary services 0 -3 3 Total leasing activity 4 1 3 Sales of owned equipment 2 766 1 547 1 219 Total sales of equipment 2 766 1 547 1 219 Total of owned activity 2 770 1 548 1 222 Other capital gains on disposals 1 0 1 Total Others 1 0 1 Total Miscellaneous and eliminations 2 771 1 548 1 223 Total Restated Revenue from activities 37 105 37 417 -312The Freight Railcars business grew by 5.4%  driven by leasing revenues from owned equipment  up by €0.6 million. This increase is explained by the regular investments initiated since 2021 and by maintaining a high utilisation rate  at an average of 88.5% in the 1er quarter of 2023.The River Barges activity increased its turnover by +15.1%. This increase is explained by a 100% utilisation rate in the 1er quarter of 2023  by a fleet that grew slightly over the year (purchase of four second-hand barges for the Rhine and Danube basins  and the full effect over the quarter of leasing income from two new barges rented on the Seine) and by the growth in chartering activity on the Rhine basin  which accounts for half of the increase in the value of the division's revenues.Revenues in the Container Division remained strong at €16.7 million  but decreased by €2.8 million  in an overall market that is normalising after two exceptional years in 2021 and 2022 in terms of prices and volumes for new containers. In this context  sales of owned containers and ancillary services (pick-up charges)  which had maximised trading activity in 2022  fell by €3.0 million and €1.1 million respectively in the quarter.Recurring leasing income from owned equipment increased by €0.8 million (+23.7%). Management activity grew by €0.5 million with an increase in sales commissions on investor equipment due to the redelivery of older containers by lessees  leading to an increase in our used container sales activities.The Modular Buildings in Africa business  presented in the ""Miscellaneous"" line  is off to a very good start in 2023 after the low point of 2022  showing a net increase of €1.2 million (+79%). The year as a whole looks good  with a high order backlog.OUTLOOKThe Touax Group confirms its strategy of regular investments in quality assets with long term leases in place  while remaining cautious given the market conditions.Touax's business continues to do well at a time when awareness of the need to decarbonise the economy and transport is growing.Touax's goal is to better serve its clients with sustainable transportation services. Our various asset classes benefit from the development of infrastructure  e-commerce and intermodal logistics  corresponding to the expectations of consumers  manufacturers  public authorities  and lenders and investors  all of whom support green transport.UPCOMING EVENTS14 June 2023: General Meeting of Shareholders13 September 2023: Videoconference presentation of the half-year results  in French14 September 2023: Videoconference presentation of the half-year results  in EnglishThe TOUAX Group leases tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) every day throughout the world for its own account and for investors. With €1.3 billion under management  TOUAX is one of Europe's leading leasing companies for this type of equipment.TOUAX is listed in Paris on EURONEXT Compartment C (ISIN Code FR0000033003) and is included in the CAC® Small CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext©PEA-PME 150 indices.For more information: www.touax.comYour contacts :TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOtouax@touax.com ggasparetto@actin.frwww.touax.comTel: +33 1 46 96 18 00 Tel : +33 1 56 88 11 11APPENDIX1- Accounting presentation of Revenue from activitiesRevenue from activities Q1 2023Q1 2022(in € thousand) Leasing revenue on owned equipment 17 139 15 509 Ancillary services 6 436 6 578 Total leasing activity 23 575 22 087 Sales of owned equipment 13 053 14 862 Total sales of equipment 13 053 14 862 Total of owned activity 36 628 36 949 Leasing revenue on managed equipment 9 485 10 819 Syndication fees 0 0 Management fees 372 270 Sales fees 861 336 Total of management activity 10 718 11 425 Other capital gains on disposals 1 0 Total Others 1 0 Total Revenue from activities 47 347 48 3742- Table showing the transition from summary Accounting presentation to Restated presentationRevenue from activities Q1 2023RetreatmentRetreated Q1 2022RetreatmentRetreated (in € thousand) Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 17 139 17 139 15 509 15 509 Ancillary services 6 436 -1 406 5 030 6 578 -846 5 732 Total leasing activity 23 575 -1 406 22 169 22 087 -846 21 241 Sales of owned equipment 13 053 13 053 14 862 14 862 Total sales of equipment 13 053 0 13 053 14 862 0 14 862 Total of owned activity 36 628 -1 406 35 222 36 949 -846 36 103 Leasing revenue on managed equipment 9 485 -9 485 0 10 819 -10 819 0 Syndication fees 0 0 0 0 Management fees 372 649 1 021 270 708 978 Sales fees 861 861 336 0 336 Total of management activity 10 718 -8 836 1 882 11 425 -10 111 1 314 Other capital gains on disposals 1 1 0 0 Total Others 1 0 1 0 0 0 Total Revenue from activities 47 347 -10 242 37 105 48 374 -10 957 37 4171 Based on a comparable structure and on average exchange rates at 31 March 2022Attachment",positive,0.54,0.46,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Stable activity', '1st quarter', 'Touax', 'The Freight Railcars business', 'The River Barges activity', 'Total Freight railcars', 'first three months', 'Other capital gains', 'recurring leasing business', 'Total River Barges', 'four second-hand barges', 'two new barges', 'two exceptional years', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'high utilisation rate', 'IFRS income statement', 'Total leasing activity', 'new equipment sales', '100% utilisation rate', 'new containers', 'rate increases', 'Total Containers', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORT', 'constant currency', 'same period', 'Ancillary services', 'Syndication fees', 'key indicators', 'third-party accounts', 'direct reading', 'operating profit', 'net profit', 'favourable trend', 'container market', 'regular investments', 'Danube basins', 'full effect', 'overall market', 'Leasing income', 'Stable activity', 'activity report', 'Management fees', 'Leasing revenue', 'management activity', '1st quarter', '1 st quarter', '1er quarter', 'second-hand equipment', 'Total sales', 'Sales fees', 'container sales', 'sales commissions', 'Total Others', 'Rhine basin', 'accounting presentation', 'Container Division', 'Owned activities', 'Management activities', 'Paris', '15 May', 'revenues', 'scope', 'Variation', 'disposals', 'understanding', 'performance', 'Group', 'reason', 'distinction', 'agent', 'difference', 'EBITDA', 'annex', 'decline', 'growth', 'recovery', 'drop', 'ability', 'value', 'contracts', 'relation', 'inflation', 'fleet', 'investors', 'ANALYSIS', 'CONTRIBUTION', 'Miscellaneous', 'eliminations', 'average', 'turnover', 'purchase', 'Seine', 'half', 'terms', 'prices', 'volumes', 'context', '5.45', '€', '43']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,globenewswire.com
24928,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JUST-EAT-TAKEAWAY-COM-N-V-31472057/news/WEEKLY-FORECAST-Dates-until-May-26-2023-43850134/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230515,WEEKLY FORECAST: Dates until May 26  2023,(marketscreener.com) Economic and financial dates until Friday  May 26  2023 ^ --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- MONDAY  MAY 15. MAY DATES COMPANY 07:00 FRA: Axa  Q1 figures 07:00 DEU: Deutsche Pfandbriefb…,"FRANKFURT (dpa-AFX) - Economic and financial appointments until Monday  May 29  2023. ^ --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- TUESDAY  MAY 16 DATES COMPANY 07:00 BEL: KBC Group  Q1 figures 07:00 DEU: Hornbach  annual figures 07:30 DEU: SFC Energy  Q1 figures 07:30 FRA: Bouygues  Q1 figures 08:00 GBR: Vodafone Group  annual figures 08:00 GBR: Imperial Brands  Q1 figures 09:00 DEU: Westwing  Annual General Meeting 10:00 DEU: ElringKlinger  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Grenke  Annual General Meeting  Baden-BAden 10:00 DEU: CTS Eventim  Annual General Meeting 10:00 DEU: FMC  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Westwing Group  Annual General Meeting  Munich 10:00 DEU: A.S. Creation Tapeten  Annual General Meeting  Gummersbach 10:00 DEU: AdCapital  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Bankhaus Metzler  Annual Pk  Frankfurt/M. 10:00 DEU: Deutsche Borse  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: German Chemical Industry Association VCI  Q1 report 10:30 DEU: Uzin Utz  Annual General Meeting  Ulm 11:00 DEU: TAG Immobilien  Annual General Meeting  Hamburg 11:00 DEU: 1&1  Annual General Meeting  Frankfurt 14:00 FRA: Capgemini  Annual General Meeting 14:00 NLD: Signify  Annual General Meeting 14:45 DEU: Mercedes-Benz Vans  strategy update (online)  Stuttgart 15:00 CHE: VAT  Annual General Meeting 16:00 USA: J.P. Morgan Chase & Co  Annual General Meeting 22:00 USA: Tesla  Annual General Meeting COMPANY DATES WITHOUT TIME SPECIFICATION DEU: SAP  Customer Fair Sapphire (until 17.5.23) and Capital Markets Day AUT: AT&S  annual figures NLD: Euronext  Q1 figures USA: Home Depot  Q1 figures BUSINESS CYCLE DATES 04:00 CHN: Industrial Production 04/23 04:00 CHN: Retail Sales 04/23 08:00 GBR: Unemployment Rate 04/23 08:00 DEU: Manufacturing (employed) 03/23 08:00 DEU: Quarterly labor market statistics  more detailed breakdowns results (number of persons employed  hours worked and volume of work  by economic activities)  1st quarter 2023 08:00 DEU: People at risk of poverty and social exclusion in Germany  year 2022. (First results of the survey on income and living conditions  EU-SILC) 08:00 ROU: GDP Q1/23 (1st release) 08:30 HUN: GDP Q1/23 (1st release) 09:30 NLD: GDP Q1/23 (1st release) 10:00 POL: GDP Q1/23 (1st release) 10:00 FRA: IEA  Monthly Report Oil Market 05/23 11:00 DEU: ZEW Economic Sentiment 05/23 11:00 EUR: GDP Q1/23 (1st release) 11:00 EUR: Trade Balance 03/23 11:00 ITA: Consumer Prices 04/23 (final) 14:00 POL: Consumer Prices 04/23 14:30 USA: Retail Sales 04/23 15:15 USA: Industrial Production 04/23 15:15 USA: Capacity utilization 04/23 16:00 USA: NAHB Index 05/23 22:30 USA: API Oil Report (week) OTHER DATES DEU: Presentation of the results of the spring business survey of the Brandenburg Chambers of Industry and Commerce  Potsdam/Cottbus/Frankfurt (Oder) DEU: 127th German Medical Congress  Essen + 10.00 Opening event  including speeches by Federal Minister of Health Karl Lauterbach (SPD)  President of the Medical Association Klaus Reinhardt  North Rhine-Westphalian Minister of Health Karl-Josef Laumann (CDU)  (Philharmonie). 11:00 DEU: Hybrid-Pk of the consumer arbitration board Versicherungsombudsmann e. V. for the Presentation of the Annual Report 2022  Berlin BEL: Meeting of EU Finance Ministers  Brussels. ISL: Council of Europe Summit in Iceland  Reykjavik UZB: Annual meeting of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development  Samarkand --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- WEDNESDAY  MAY 17 DATES COMPANY 06:45 CHE: Zurich Insurance Group  Q1 sales 06:50 LUX: Grand City Properties  Q1 figures 07:00 DEU: Siemens  Q2 figures (8.00 pk  9.30 analyst conference) 07:00 DEU: Commerzbank  Q1 figures (9.00 analyst conference  10.30 pk) 07:30 NLD: Aegon  Q1 Trading Update 07:30 DEU: Munich Re  Q1 figures (detailed) (9.00 pk) 07:30 FRA: Vallourec  Q1 figures 08:00 GBR: Sage Group  half-year figures 08:00 GBR: British Land Company  annual figures 08:00 DEU: Deutsche Familienversicherung (DFV)  Q1 figures 09:30 FRA: Credit Agricole  Annual General Meeting 10:00 DEU: Vonovia  Annual General Meeting  Bochum 10:00 DEU: Telefonica Deutschland  Annual General Meeting  Munich 10:00 DEU: Eon  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Wacker Chemie  Annual General Meeting  Munich 10:00 DEU: SHW  Annual General Meeting  Frankfurt 10:00 DEU: Kion  Annual General Meeting 10:00 DEU: Compugroup Medical  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Deutsche Bank  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Software  Annual General Meeting  Darmstadt 10:00 DEU: Fresenius  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: LPKF  Annual General Meeting 10:00 DEU: Vitesco Technologies  Annual General Meeting  Regensburg 10:30 DEU: Energiekontor  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:30 DEU: Indus Holding  Annual General Meeting  Koln 11:00 DEU: United Internet  Annual General Meeting  Frankfurt 11:00 DEU: Amadeus Fire  Annual General Meeting (online) 11:30 GBR: Aston Martin  Annual General Meeting 13:00 DEU: Demire Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate  Annual General Meeting 14:00 DEU: Morphosys  Annual General Meeting 15:00 CHE: Valiant  Annual General Meeting  Berne 16:00 USA: Mondelez International  Annual General Meeting 17:30 NLD: Just Eat Takeaway.com  Annual General Meeting 22:00 USA: Applied Materials  Q2 figures 22:00 USA: Cisco Systems  Q3 figures DATES OF COMPANIES WITHOUT TIME SPECIFICATION DEU: SAP  Sapphire customer fair (closing) DEU: Synlab  Annual General Meeting DEU: Stratec  Annual General Meeting DATES ECONOMY 01:50 JPN: GDP Q1/23 (1st release) 06:30 JPN: Industrial Production 03/23 (final) 06:30 JPN: Capacity Utilization 03/23 06:30 NLD: Unemployment Rate 04/23 08:00 EUR: First-time Car Registrations 04/23 08:00 DEU: Building Permits 03/23 08:00 DEU: Hotels & Restaurants Sales 03/23 10:00 ITA: Trade Balance 03/23 11:00 EUR: Consumer Prices 04/23 (final) 14:30 USA: Housing Starts and Permits 04/23 16:30 USA: EIA Oil Report (week) OTHER DATES 09:00 DEU: BGH examines: Can EU states challenge international arbitration in German courts? arbitration proceedings before German courts?  Karlsruhe 09:00 DEU: Continuation of trial against former Wirecard CEO Markus Braun  Munich 11:00 DEU: Federal Court of Justice (BGH) hears case on opening of stores on Sundays in the catchment area of the airport Zweibrücken  Karlsruhe --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- THURSDAY  MAY 18 COMPANY DATES 08:00 GBR: National Grid  annual figures 08:00 GBR: BT Group  annual figures 08:00 GBR: Easyjet  half-year figures 08:00 GBR: Burberry  annual figures 12:00 GBR: Lloyds Banking Group  Annual General Meeting 12:30 CHN: Alibaba  annual figures 13:00 USA: Walmart  Q1 figures 18:00 USA: AMD  Annual General Meeting 22:30 USA: AT&T  Annual General Meeting BUSINESS CYCLE DATES 10:00 ESP: Trade Balance 03/23 14:30 USA: Initial jobless claims (week) 14:30 USA: Philly Fed Outlook 05/23 16:00 USA: Home Resales 04/23 16:00 USA: Leading Indicator 04/23 OTHER DATES DEU: Start of international trade fair event for car tuning ""Tuning World Bodensee""  Friedrichshafen NOTE DEU: Holiday  Borse open CHE/DNK/NOR/SWE/FIN: public holiday  borsen closed --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- FRIDAY  MAY 19 COMPANY DATES USA: Deere & Co  Q2 figures DATES ECONOMY 00:01 DEU: Federal Ministry of Finance  monthly report 01:01 GBR: GfK Consumer Confidence 05/23 01:30 JPN: Consumer Prices 04/23 06:30 JPN: Services Index 03/23 08:00 DEU: Producer Prices 04/23 08:00 DEU: Order Backlog and Order Reach Manufacturing 03/23 EUR: S&P Rating Result Ireland  Slovakia EUR: Moody's rating result Italy  Malta  Portugal OTHER DATES JPN: G7 Summit --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- MONDAY 22 MAY DATES COMPANY 08:00 IRL: Ryanair  annual figures 09:30 DEU: Kontron  Annual General Meeting 15:00 USA: Ford Motor  Capital Markets Day COMPANY DATES WITHOUT TIME USA: Zoom Video Communications  Q1 figures USA: J.P. Morgan Chase & Co  Investor Day BUSINESS CYCLE DATES 01:50 JPN: Core Machinery Orders 03/23 08:30 CHE: Industrial Production Q1/23 10:00 POL: Producer Prices 04/23 10:00 POL: Industrial Production 04/23 16:00 EUR: Consumer Confidence 05/23 (preliminary) OTHER DATES DEU: 12th Energy Leadership Meeting  Essen DEU: 24th Tourism Summit of the Federal Association of the German Tourism Industry (BTW)  Berlin 17:30 DEU: Energy Days 2023 ""Energiewende: jetzt! gemeinsam!""  Berlin BEL: Meeting of EU Foreign Ministers  Brussels CHN: 10th World Hydrogen Technology Conference (WHTC)  Foshan City --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- TUESDAY  MAY 23 COMPANY DATES 07:00 CHE: Julius Baer  Q1 Sales 08:00 DEU: Va-Q-Tec  Q1 figures 09:00 DEU: Fraport  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Nemetschek  Annual General Meeting  Munich 10:00 DEU: SNP Schneider-Neureither & Partner  Annual General Meeting 10:00 DEU: Wüstenrot & Württembergische  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Sixt SE  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 LUX: SAF Holland  Annual General Meeting  Lohr am Main 11:00 GBR: Shell  Annual General Meeting 14:00 DEU: Krones  Annual General Meeting  Neutraubling 15:00 USA: Merck & Co  Annual General Meeting 16:00 FRA: Societe Generale  Annual General Meeting BUSINESS CYCLE DATES 02:30 JPN: Jibun Bank PMI Manufacturing and Services 05/23 (1st release) 08:30 CHE: BFS: Household Budget Survey Q1 - Consumer Expenditure 09:15 FRA: PMI Manufacturing and Services 05/23 (1st release) 09:30 DEU: PMI Manufacturing and Services 05/23 (1st release) 10:00 EUR: PMI Manufacturing and Services 05/23 (1st release) 10:00 POL: Retail Sales 04/23 10:00 EUR: ECB Current Account 03/23 10:30 GBR: PMI Manufacturing and Services 05/23 (1st release) 14:00 HUN: Central Bank  Interest Rate Decision 15:45 USA: PMI Manufacturing and Services 05/23 (1st release) 16:00 USA: New home sales 04/23 16:00 USA: Richmond Fed manufacturing index 05/23 22:30 USA: API oil report (week) OTHER DATES DEU: Video game fair Gamescom starts in Koln with Minister of Economics Habeck  Koln 09:00 DEU: Bertelsmann Foundation study on innovative strength of German companies  Gütersloh 10:00 DEU: Online conference of the German Insurance Industry (GDV) on the future of private pension provision  Berlin 12:00 DEU: Federal Court of Justice announces ruling on the ""right to be forgotten"" on the Internet. In the case  a couple from the financial sector sees itself discredited by a US Internet site. discredited by a US website. The plaintiffs want Google to remove certain articles and preview images from its hit list. 15:45 DEU: Economic Day 2023 ""Values  Prosperity  Cohesion"" of the Wirtschaftsrat of the CDU e.V. with  among others  Federal Minister of Economics Robert Habeck  Federal Minister of Finance Christian Lindner  Federal Environment Minister Steffi Lemke  Federal Education Minister Bettina Stark-Watzinger  Federal Minister of Transport Volker Wissing  the CDU Federal Chairman and Leader of the Opposition in the Friedrich Merz  and the Secretary General of the FDP  Bijan Djir-Sarai. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- WEDNESDAY  MAY 24 COMPANY DATES 07:30 DEU: CTS Eventim  Q1 figures 08:00 GBR: Marks & Spencer  annual figures 08:00 GBR: Kingfisher  Q1 Sales 10:00 DEU: Uniper  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: SMA Solar  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: New Work  Annual General Meeting  Hamburg 10:00 DEU: Zalando  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Lanxess  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Württembergische Lebensversicherung  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: DFV Deutsche Familienversicherung  Annual General Meeting  Frankfurt 10:00 DEU: Vossloh  Annual General Meeting  Düsseldorf 10:30 DEU: DZ Bank  Annual General Meeting  Frankfurt 10:30 GBR: Deliveroo plc  Annual General Meeting 11:00 DEU: Teamviewer AG  Annual General Meeting (online) 11:00 DEU: Takkt  Annual General Meeting (online) 11:00 DEU: Adva Optical Networking  Annual General Meeting  Munich 11:00 DEU: Puma  Annual General Meeting  Herzogenaurach 13:00 DEU: Nordzucker AG  Annual General Meeting  Braunschweig 13:00 USA: Analog Devices  Q2 figures 18:00 USA: Amazon  Annual General Meeting 22:20 USA: Nvidia  Q1 figures DEU: Cropenergies  Balance Sheet-Pk DEU: Einhell Germany  Q1 figures BUSINESS CYCLE DATES 08:00 JPN: Machine Tool Orders 04/23 (final) 08:00 GBR: Consumer Prices 04/23 08:00 GBR: Producer Prices 04/23 10:00 DEU: ifo Business Climate 05/23 15:00 BEL: Business Climate 05/23 16:30 USA: EIA Oil Report (week) 20:00 USA: FOMC Meeting Minutes 5/3/2013 OTHER DATES DEU: Annual General Meeting of the German Association of Cities with speech by Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD)  Koln 09:45 DEU: Pk before opening of the World Summit of Transport Ministers  Leipzig 10:00 DEU: Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) to hear a case on the rent brake and the tenants' right to information from landlords  Karlsruhe --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- THURSDAY  MAY 25 DATES COMPANY 07:00 DEU: Südzucker  annual figures (detailed) 09:00 LUX: ArcelorMittal  Annual General Meeting 10:00 DEU: Patrizia  Annual General Meeting (online) 10:00 DEU: Bechtle  Annual General Meeting  Heilbronn 11:00 DEU: Salzgitter  Annual General Meeting  Wolfsburg 12:30 DEU: Fresenius  Capital Markets Day 14:00 DEU: Biontech  Annual General Meeting 16:00 USA: McDonald's  Annual General Meeting 22:15 USA: Costco Wholesale  Q3 figures DATES OF COMPANIES WITHOUT TIME SPECIFICATION DEU: Deutsche Pfandbriefbank  Annual General Meeting GBR: Tate & Lyle  annual figures IRL: Medtronic  Q4 figures ITA: Assicurazioni Generali  Q1 figures LUX: Adler Group  Q1 figures USA: Best Buy  Q1 figures BUSINESS CYCLE DATES 08:00 DEU: GDP Q1/23 (2nd release) 08:00 DEU: GfK Consumer Confidence 06/23 08:45 FRA: Business Climate 05/23 08:45 FRA: Producer Confidence 05/23 10:00 POL: Unemployment Rate 04/23 13:00 TRK: Central Bank  Interest Rate Decision 14:30 USA: Initial Claims for Unemployment Assistance (week) 14:30 USA: GDP Q1/23 (2nd release) 14:30 USA: Private Consumption Q1/23 (2nd release) 14:30 USA: CFNA Index 04/23 16:00 USA: Pending Home Sales 04/23 OTHER DATES 09:00 DEU: Bertelsmann Stiftung study on the innovative strength of German companies  Gütersloh 09:00 DEU: Continuation of the trial for the bankruptcy of the once world's largest pellet manufacturer - German Pellets  Schwerin 14:00 DEU: German Engineers Day  Berlin BEL: EU Trade Ministers Meeting  Brussels --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- FRIDAY  MAY 26 COMPANY DATES 07:30 DEU: Prosiebensat1 Media  Q1 figures 07:30 DEU: SAF Holland  Q1 figures (detailed) 10:00 DEU: Wacker Neuson  Annual General Meeting 10:00 FRA: Totalenergies  Annual General Meeting and EGM 13:30 DEU: Basler  Annual General Meeting BUSINESS CYCLE DATES 01:30 JPN: Consumer Prices Tokyo 05/23 08:00 GBR: Retail Sales 04/23 08:00 SWE: Retail Sales 04/23 08:45 FRA: Consumer Confidence 05/23 10:00 ITA: Consumer Confidence 05/23 14:30 USA: Personal Income and Expenditures 04/23 14:30 USA: Wholesale Inventories 04/23 (preliminary) 14:30 USA: New orders for durable goods 04/23 (preliminary) 16:00 USA: Uni Michigan Consumer Confidence 05/23 (final) EUR: S&P Rating Result Bulgaria  Slovakia  Liechtenstein EUR: Fitch rating result Spain  Lithuania NOTE HKG: Public holiday  stock exchange closed USA: US bond market shortened trading until 20.00 h --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- MONDAY  MAY 29 BUSINESS CYCLE DATES 07:00 JPN: CI Index: Leading Indicators 03/23 (final) 12:00 IRL: Retail Sales 04/23 NOTE AUT / CHE / DNK /GBR / KOR / NOR / USA: Holiday  Borsen closed DEU: Holiday Whit Monday  Borse open ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ° All information has been researched with great care. Nevertheless  the dpa-AFX Wirtschaftsnachrichten GmbH does not assume any liability for the correctness. All times are given in are in CEST./bwi",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['WEEKLY FORECAST', 'Dates', 'May', 'German Chemical Industry Association VCI', 'J.P. Morgan Chase', 'Quarterly labor market statistics', 'Annual General Meeting COMPANY DATES', '127th German Medical Congress', 'A.S. Creation Tapeten', 'Demire Deutsche Mittelstand Real', 'GDP Q1/23 (1st release', 'British Land Company', 'BUSINESS CYCLE DATES', 'Customer Fair Sapphire', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Report Oil Market', 'Grand City Properties', 'API Oil Report', 'North Rhine-Westphalian Minister', 'consumer arbitration board', 'Zurich Insurance Group', 'MAY 17 DATES COMPANY', 'detailed breakdowns results', 'ZEW Economic Sentiment', 'spring business survey', 'Health Karl Lauterbach', 'EU Finance Ministers', 'Q1 Trading Update', 'OTHER DATES DEU', 'TIME SPECIFICATION DEU', '16 DATES COMPANY', 'Medical Association', 'Annual meeting', 'Annual Report', 'AT&S', '1st quarter', 'annual figures', 'Annual Pk', 'Compugroup Medical', 'Q1 report', 'Deutsche Borse', 'strategy update', 'Federal Minister', 'Deutsche Familienversicherung', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Consumer Prices', 'KBC Group', 'Vodafone Group', 'Sage Group', 'Q1 figures', 'Q1 sales', 'financial appointments', 'SFC Energy', 'Imperial Brands', 'CTS Eventim', 'Bankhaus Metzler', 'Uzin Utz', 'TAG Immobilien', 'Mercedes-Benz Vans', 'Home Depot', 'Industrial Production', 'Retail Sales', 'Unemployment Rate', 'economic activities', 'social exclusion', 'First results', 'living conditions', 'Trade Balance', 'Capacity utilization', 'NAHB Index', 'Brandenburg Chambers', '10.00 Opening event', 'Klaus Reinhardt', 'Karl-Josef Laumann', 'Berlin BEL', 'Europe Summit', 'Reykjavik UZB', 'European Bank', 'Q2 figures', '9.30 analyst conference', '9.00 analyst conference', 'half-year figures', 'Credit Agricole', 'Telefonica Deutschland', 'Wacker Chemie', 'Vitesco Technologies', 'Indus Holding', 'United Internet', 'Amadeus Fire', 'Aston Martin', 'Westwing Group', 'Munich Re', '10:00 DEU', '11:00 DEU', '30 DEU', 'FRANKFURT', 'Monday', 'TUESDAY', 'Hornbach', 'Bouygues', 'ElringKlinger', 'Grenke', 'Baden-BAden', 'FMC', 'Gummersbach', 'AdCapital', 'M.', 'Ulm', 'Hamburg', 'Capgemini', 'NLD', 'Signify', 'Stuttgart', 'VAT', '22:00 USA', 'Tesla', 'Euronext', '08:00 GBR', 'Manufacturing', 'number', 'persons', 'hours', 'volume', 'work', 'People', 'risk', 'poverty', 'Germany', 'income', '08:30 HUN', '10:00 POL', 'IEA', '11:00 EUR', 'week', 'Presentation', 'Commerce', 'Oder', 'Essen', 'speeches', 'SPD', 'President', 'CDU', 'Philharmonie', 'Hybrid-Pk', 'Versicherungsombudsmann', 'V.', 'Brussels', 'ISL', 'Council', 'Iceland', 'Reconstruction', 'Development', 'Samarkand', 'WEDNESDAY', 'Siemens', 'Commerzbank', 'Aegon', 'Vallourec', 'DFV', 'Vonovia', 'Bochum', 'Eon', 'SHW', 'Kion', 'Software', 'Darmstadt', 'Fresenius', 'LPKF', 'Regensburg', 'Energiekontor', 'Koln', '11:30 GBR', '07', '10.30']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,marketscreener.com
24929,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-2023-cch-tagetik-intouch-global-user-conference-inspires-finance-leaders-to-lead-the-change-301824480.html,Wolters Kluwer 2023 CCH® Tagetik inTouch Global User Conference Inspires Finance Leaders to 'Lead the Change',Global conference to feature new Sustainable Business Think Tank as it kicks off 20-city series of regional events that bring finance leaders together to collaborate on how to drive digital transformation LUCCA  Italy  May 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Klu…,"Global conference to feature new Sustainable Business Think Tank as it kicks off 20-city series of regional events that bring finance leaders together to collaborate on how to drive digital transformationLUCCA  Italy  May 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  will soon kick off its annual CCH Tagetik inTouch Global User Conference  taking place in Lucca  Italy  May 23-25. The conference will encourage finance executives to cultivate the courage  skills  and confidence needed to drive digital transformation in their companies and beyond.The annual global user conference will kick off a series of 20 regional events  taking place June-November 2023  which will foster ongoing connection and learning across the CCH Tagetik expert solutions customer base and partner ecosystem. The inTouch Global User Conference  which recently earned a Gold Stevie award in the Cause & Green Sustainable Event category  will again this year feature a content-rich agenda which recognizes that ESG is rising to the top of the corporate agenda  right alongside financial performance  as a key indicator of a business's long-term viability and operational health.Learn more about the 2023 CCH Tagetik inTouch Global User Conference  and learnBeatriz Santin  Vice President & CCH Tagetik Global Head of Marketing at Wolters Kluwer  said:""With hand-on access to product innovations and thought-provoking  immersive experiences  this year's CCH Tagetik inTouch Conference will inspire finance executives to 'lead the change' in their businesses and beyond. This is an exciting time of the year for us as we look forward to hosting our passionate global community  sharing best practices  and growing together.""The 2023 inTouch Global User Conference's content-rich agenda includes:Keynotes delivered by thought leaders including Ralf Gärtner   Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance Solutions for Wolters Kluwer and Nick Jankel   respected author in the field of transformational leadership.  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance Solutions for Wolters Kluwer and   respected author in the field of transformational leadership. A new Sustainable Business Think Tank track  which will bring together experts  regulators  academia  and business leaders to explore key topics including ESG regulations and best practices  the impact of biodiversity on business  the circular economy  talent acquisition challenges in the era of sustainability  and more.track  which will bring together experts  regulators  academia  and business leaders to explore key topics including ESG regulations and best practices  the impact of biodiversity on business  the circular economy  talent acquisition challenges in the era of sustainability  and more. The Metaverse corner   where attendees will have the chance to step into an immersive experience to learn how Web 3.0 technologies can be applied to business settings.  where attendees will have the chance to step into an immersive experience to learn how Web 3.0 technologies can be applied to business settings. Special interest tracks focused on hot topics including Analytics  Tech & Trends  Predictive Extended Planning  Financial Close & Consolidation  and Tax  ESG & Regulations.focused on hot topics including Analytics  Tech & Trends  Predictive Extended Planning  Financial Close & Consolidation  and Tax  ESG & Regulations. A wealth of panels and presentations featuring case studies from CCH Tagetik customers  including Aegon Asset Management  CitizenM  Erste Group Bank  Galeries Lafayette  Generali  Hastings Deering  Rabobank  Samsung Life Insurance  Southern California Edison  and Victorinox.including Aegon Asset Management  CitizenM  Erste Group Bank  Galeries Lafayette  Generali  Hastings Deering  Rabobank  Samsung Life Insurance  Southern California Edison  and Victorinox. R&D Lab Tours  which will provide attendees with opportunities to visit the off-site CCH Tagetik Lab to get a glimpse into product development by interacting with product developers and support teams.The 2023 InTouch User Conference has generated overwhelming response from the CCH Tagetik global partner ecosystem  with more than 30 corporate sponsors  including premier global sponsors Accenture  EY  and PwC. Conference attendees will also receive ample opportunities to experience the most recent CCH Tagetik platform innovations  including new functionality that helps multinational companies prepare for 2024 OECD Pillar 2 reporting requirements  facilitates integrated business planning  and supports ESG and sustainability performance management.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1441883/Wolters_Kluwer_Logo.jpgMedia Contact:Beatriz SantinCCH® Tagetik+1 339 229 2447 office+39 058396811 office[email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer 2023 CCH® Tagetik', 'Global User Conference', 'Finance Leaders', 'Change', 'CCH Tagetik expert solutions customer base', 'new Sustainable Business Think Tank track', 'recent CCH Tagetik platform innovations', 'CCH Tagetik global partner ecosystem', 'Green Sustainable Event category', '2024 OECD Pillar 2 reporting requirements', 'R&D Lab Tours', 'CCH Tagetik Global Head', 'annual global user conference', 'inTouch Global User Conference', 'annual CCH Tagetik', 'CCH Tagetik Lab', '2023 InTouch User Conference', 'CCH Tagetik customers', 'passionate global community', 'Gold Stevie award', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'talent acquisition challenges', 'Special interest tracks', 'Erste Group Bank', 'Samsung Life Insurance', 'Southern California Edison', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Aegon Asset Management', 'premier global sponsors', 'provoking, immersive experiences', 'Senior Vice President', 'Corporate Performance Solutions', 'integrated business planning', 'The Metaverse corner', '2023 CCH Tagetik', 'PwC. Conference attendees', 'new functionality', 'Global conference', 'product innovations', 'global leader', 'performance management', '30 corporate sponsors', 'software solutions', 'business leaders', 'business settings', 'corporate agenda', 'Extended Planning', 'corporate compliance', 'financial performance', 'regional events', 'finance leaders', 'digital transformation', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'finance executives', 'ongoing connection', 'content-rich agenda', 'key indicator', 'long-term viability', 'operational health', 'Beatriz Santin', 'exciting time', 'best practices', 'General Manager', 'Nick Jankel', 'transformational leadership', 'key topics', 'circular economy', 'Web 3.0 technologies', 'hot topics', 'case studies', 'Galeries Lafayette', 'Hastings Deering', 'product development', 'product developers', 'support teams', 'overwhelming response', 'critical decisions', 'Financial Close', '20-city series', 'professional information', 'thought leaders', 'ample opportunities', 'multinational companies', 'ESG regulations', 'LUCCA', 'Italy', 'PRNewswire', 'services', 'place', 'May', 'courage', 'skills', 'confidence', 'November', 'learning', 'Cause', 'Marketing', 'access', 'change', 'businesses', 'year', 'Keynotes', 'author', 'field', 'experts', 'regulators', 'academia', 'impact', 'biodiversity', 'sustainability', 'chance', 'Analytics', 'Trends', 'Consolidation', 'Tax', 'wealth', 'panels', 'presentations', 'CitizenM', 'Generali', 'Rabobank', 'Victorinox', 'glimpse', 'Accenture', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'legal', 'regulatory']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,prnewswire.com
24930,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/accor-and-erth-real-estate-announce-three-new-luxury-hotels-as-centrepiece-of-multi-branded-luxury-hospitality-community-in-riyadh-301824208.html,Accor and Erth Real Estate announce three new luxury hotels as centrepiece of multi-branded luxury hospitality community in Riyadh,RAFFLES RIYADH  MGALLERY RESORT RIYADH  AND SOFITEL EXTENDED STAY AT AL YASMIN DISTRICT RIYADH  Saudi Arabia  May 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership with Erth Real Estate Company  today announced that it will ope…,"RAFFLES RIYADH  MGALLERY RESORT RIYADH  AND SOFITEL EXTENDED STAY AT AL YASMIN DISTRICTRIYADH  Saudi Arabia  May 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Accor   a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership with Erth Real Estate Company  today announced that it will open three new hotels in Riyadh  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  as part of a new master planned development project. The forthcoming luxury hospitality community will include a 230-key Raffles hotel  a 250-key Sofitel Serviced Residence  and a 60-villa MGallery resort  all set to open by 2027. The multi-faceted community will also include office towers  residential towers  and retail space  all built around a centrally located garden area.Raffles and Sofitel will reside within sparkling glass  34-storey and 42-storey towers - creating an iconic presence in the city’s skyline.Erth Real Estate Company  the premium real estate developer across Saudi Arabia  is the owner and developer of the 4.2 billion Saudi Riyal mixed-use project at Al Yasmin District and has signed with Accor for hotel management within the two towers of this development. Accor will provide hotel management services and support from several brands within its world-leading brand portfolio.Raffles Riyadh and Sofitel Extended Stay at Al Yasmin District  both located at King Fahad Road intersecting with King Salman Road and Al Olaya Street  will reside within sparkling glass  34-storey and 42-storey towers – creating an iconic presence in the city's skyline. The towers  which will enjoy convenient 18-minute access to King Khalid International Airport by car  will have a clear view of KAFD  New Murabba  Avenues Mall  SAB Tower and Tamkeen Tower. Ample green space  including lush gardens  will also surround both buildings. MGallery Resort Riyadh  only 20 minutes away from Riyadh city center  will be developed in the Al Waseel district  where some luxury private resorts are located  and will be situated in a wadi surrounded by date farms. With 60 low-rise villas  it will be an ideal attraction for families and guests looking for a break from the busy city center and immersion into a vibrant neighborhood of Riyadh.Speaking at the signing event  Saud Abdullah Al Rajhi  the Group Managing Director of Erth Real Estate stated: ""The company's vision of becoming a preferred real estate brand in Saudi Arabia is fully aligned with leading first-class projects that meet market expectations and unleash the economic potential of the Kingdom. Therefore  Erth is pleased to expand its relationship with Accor by adding new assets to our hospitality portfolio.""""As part of Accor's ultra-luxury division  Raffles is honored to soon open a second destination in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  particularly in Riyadh "" said Omer Acar  CEO Raffles & Orient Express. ""As a brand that is highly selective of the destinations where we choose to develop  we are confident that vibrance and growth surrounding the city of Riyadh is the perfect location to offer our guests the true Raffles experience – one that is celebrated  authentic  and renowned for its legendary service. We look forward to welcoming new guests and those returning as family to Raffles Riyadh.""""On behalf of both the Sofitel and MGallery brands  we are delighted to contribute to a diverse community of luxury hospitality choices for business and leisure visitors  particularly those who wish to settle in and stay a little longer to enjoy the dynamic energy of the cosmopolitan city of Riyadh "" said Maud Bailly  CEO Sofitel  MGallery & Emblems. ""As an ambassador of French culture around the world  Sofitel will bring the art-de-vivre that has been so successful at our two other Sofitel destinations in the Kingdom. Guests will also have the chance to discover the culture and a vibrant neighbourhood at the new MGallery  with the property providing sumptuous resort style villas and the luxury of feeling of a home away from home.""Erth's new luxury hotels in Riyadh are being imagined by some of the world's top designers. The lead architect is Foster + Partners  a global studio for sustainable architecture  urbanism  engineering  and design  founded by Norman Foster in 1967. With offices across the world  the practice works as a single entity that is both ethnically and culturally diverse. Additional consultants will provide expertise on spa  art  technology  and food & beverage.Erth's relationship with Accor started a few years ago with a prestigious development in the region - Raffles Hotel and Residences Jeddah - which consists of two towers. In one tower  a world-class luxury hotel; in the other  a stunning set of exclusive private residences  unlike anything Jeddah has known before  set against a rich backdrop of Hejazi culture and tradition.Since the announcement of Saudi Arabia Vision 2030  Erth and Accor have both played a key role in the development of tourism through several existing and upcoming projects in key locations across the Kingdom. Accor has been present in Saudi Arabia for more than 20 years and has contributed to the development of the Holy destination of Makkah  counting over 9 000 rooms with direct access to the Haram.Within the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  Accor currently operates 42 properties (16 000+ rooms) and has a robust development pipeline of 34 properties which will add approximately 7 000 rooms to the Group's portfolio by 2027. Properties expected to arrive in the Kingdom in 2023 include the much-anticipated Raffles Jeddah  Fairmont Ramla Serviced Residences Riyadh  Sofitel Riyadh  Movenpick Waad Al Shamal-Turaif and Novotel Makkah Thakher City Residences. Among its Saudi Arabia portfolio  Accor is leading the way with positive hospitality experiences and environmentally sound development and operational practices. The new master-planned community in Riyadh will be developed with ethical  social  and environmental engagement that will contribute to a healthier environment while delivering value to its stakeholders  including the guests of the three new luxury hotels.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www. group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .About ERTH"" ERTH "" is a real estate company established in 2014. Headquarters in Riyadh  set out to provide lifestyle development services across the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. ""ERTH"" is inspired by advanced experiences are developing and managing pioneer projects with a modern vision and international specifications that achieve sustainability  creativity  and innovation to provide projects that meet the diversity of tastes and needs  and ensure smoothness when starting the facility  in addition  to pledge achieving sustainable development in all projects. For more information  please visit www.erth.sa or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn and Instagram .Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2076650/Accor_Accor_and_Erth_Real_Estate_announce_three_new_luxury_hotel.jpgMedia Contacts: Charlotte Thouvard  Senior Vice President Global Communications  [email protected]; Mike Taylor  VP Group External Communications SOURCE Accor",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['three new luxury hotels', 'multi-branded luxury hospitality community', 'Erth Real Estate', 'Accor', 'centrepiece', 'Riyadh', '4.2 billion Saudi Riyal mixed-use project', 'new master planned development project', 'King Khalid International Airport', 'Saud Abdullah Al Rajhi', 'preferred real estate brand', '250-key Sofitel Serviced Residence', 'sumptuous resort style villas', 'premium real estate developer', 'Erth Real Estate Company', 'forthcoming luxury hospitality community', 'two other Sofitel destinations', 'King Fahad Road', 'King Salman Road', 'AL YASMIN DISTRICT', 'Al Olaya Street', 'Al Waseel district', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'convenient 18-minute access', 'Group Managing Director', 'luxury private resorts', 'luxury hospitality choices', 'three new hotels', '60-villa MGallery resort', 'new luxury hotels', 'Ample green space', 'leading first-class projects', 'Foster + Partners', 'exclusive private residences', 'world-class luxury hotel', 'SOFITEL EXTENDED STAY', 'world-leading brand portfolio', 'hotel management services', 'true Raffles experience', 'busy city center', '230-key Raffles hotel', 'MGALLERY RESORT RIYADH', 'Saudi Arabia Vision', 'Riyadh city center', 'hospitality portfolio', 'new MGallery', '60 low-rise villas', 'New Murabba', 'new assets', 'multi-faceted community', 'diverse community', 'two towers', 'retail space', 'Norman Foster', 'upcoming projects', 'MGallery brands', 'garden area', 'sparkling glass', 'iconic presence', 'several brands', 'clear view', 'Avenues Mall', 'SAB Tower', 'Tamkeen Tower', 'lush gardens', 'date farms', 'ideal attraction', 'vibrant neighborhood', 'signing event', 'market expectations', 'economic potential', 'ultra-luxury division', 'second destination', 'Omer Acar', 'Orient Express', 'perfect location', 'legendary service', 'leisure visitors', 'dynamic energy', 'Maud Bailly', 'vibrant neighbourhood', 'top designers', 'lead architect', 'global studio', 'sustainable architecture', 'single entity', 'Additional consultants', 'prestigious development', 'Residences Jeddah', 'one tower', 'stunning set', 'rich backdrop', 'key role', 'several existing', 'key locations', 'Holy destination', 'new guests', 'office towers', 'residential towers', '42-storey towers', 'cosmopolitan city', 'RAFFLES RIYADH', 'French culture', 'Hejazi culture', 'CEO Raffles', 'Accor', 'partnership', 'Kingdom', '34-storey', 'skyline', 'owner', 'support', 'KAFD', 'buildings', 'wadi', 'families', 'break', 'immersion', 'relationship', 'vibrance', 'growth', 'family', 'behalf', 'business', 'Emblems', 'ambassador', 'art-de', 'vivre', 'chance', 'property', 'feeling', 'home', 'urbanism', 'engineering', 'offices', 'practice', 'expertise', 'technology', 'food', 'beverage', 'region', 'tradition', 'announcement', 'tourism', '20 years']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,prnewswire.com
24931,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/accor-and-erth-real-estate-announce-three-new-luxury-hotels-as-centrepiece-of-multi-branded-luxury-hospitality-community-in-riyadh-301824190.html,Accor and Erth Real Estate announce three new luxury hotels as centrepiece of multi-branded luxury hospitality community in Riyadh,RAFFLES RIYADH  MGALLERY RESORT RIYADH  AND SOFITEL EXTENDED STAY AT AL YASMIN DISTRICT RIYADH  Saudi Arabia  May 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership with Erth Real Estate Company  today announced that it will open…,"RAFFLES RIYADH  MGALLERY RESORT RIYADH  AND SOFITEL EXTENDED STAY AT AL YASMIN DISTRICTRIYADH  Saudi Arabia  May 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Accor   a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership with Erth Real Estate Company  today announced that it will open three new hotels in Riyadh  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  as part of a new master planned development project. The forthcoming luxury hospitality community will include a 230-key Raffles hotel  a 250-key Sofitel Serviced Residence  and a 60-villa MGallery resort  all set to open by 2027. The multi-faceted community will also include office towers  residential towers  and retail space  all built around a centrally located garden area.Raffles and Sofitel will reside within sparkling glass  34-storey and 42-storey towers – creating an iconic presence in the city’s skyline. (CNW Group/Accor)Erth Real Estate Company  the premium real estate developer across Saudi Arabia  is the owner and developer of the 4.2 billion Saudi Riyal mixed-use project at Al Yasmin District and has signed with Accor for hotel management within the two towers of this development. Accor will provide hotel management services and support from several brands within its world-leading brand portfolio.Raffles Riyadh and Sofitel Extended Stay at Al Yasmin District  both located at King Fahad Road intersecting with King Salman Road and Al Olaya Street  will reside within sparkling glass  34-storey and 42-storey towers – creating an iconic presence in the city's skyline. The towers  which will enjoy convenient 18-minute access to King Khalid International Airport by car  will have a clear view of KAFD  New Murabba  Avenues Mall  SAB Tower and Tamkeen Tower. Ample green space  including lush gardens  will also surround both buildings. MGallery Resort Riyadh  only 20 minutes away from Riyadh city center  will be developed in the Al Waseel district  where some luxury private resorts are located  and will be situated in a wadi surrounded by date farms. With 60 low-rise villas  it will be an ideal attraction for families and guests looking for a break from the busy city center and immersion into a vibrant neighborhood of Riyadh.Speaking at the signing event  Saud Abdullah Al Rajhi  the Group Managing Director of Erth Real Estate stated: ""The company's vision of becoming a preferred real estate brand in Saudi Arabia is fully aligned with leading first-class projects that meet market expectations and unleash the economic potential of the Kingdom. Therefore  Erth is pleased to expand its relationship with Accor by adding new assets to our hospitality portfolio.""""As part of Accor's ultra-luxury division  Raffles is honored to soon open a second destination in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  particularly in Riyadh "" said Omer Acar  CEO Raffles & Orient Express. ""As a brand that is highly selective of the destinations where we choose to develop  we are confident that vibrance and growth surrounding the city of Riyadh is the perfect location to offer our guests the true Raffles experience – one that is celebrated  authentic  and renowned for its legendary service. We look forward to welcoming new guests and those returning as family to Raffles Riyadh.""""On behalf of both the Sofitel and MGallery brands  we are delighted to contribute to a diverse community of luxury hospitality choices for business and leisure visitors  particularly those who wish to settle in and stay a little longer to enjoy the dynamic energy of the cosmopolitan city of Riyadh "" said Maud Bailly  CEO Sofitel  MGallery & Emblems. ""As an ambassador of French culture around the world  Sofitel will bring the art-de-vivre that has been so successful at our two other Sofitel destinations in the Kingdom. Guests will also have the chance to discover the culture and a vibrant neighbourhood at the new MGallery  with the property providing sumptuous resort style villas and the luxury of feeling of a home away from home.""Erth's new luxury hotels in Riyadh are being imagined by some of the world's top designers. The lead architect is Foster + Partners  a global studio for sustainable architecture  urbanism  engineering  and design  founded by Norman Foster in 1967. With offices across the world  the practice works as a single entity that is both ethnically and culturally diverse. Additional consultants will provide expertise on spa  art  technology  and food & beverage.Erth's relationship with Accor started a few years ago with a prestigious development in the region - Raffles Hotel and Residences Jeddah - which consists of two towers. In one tower  a world-class luxury hotel; in the other  a stunning set of exclusive private residences  unlike anything Jeddah has known before  set against a rich backdrop of Hejazi culture and tradition.Since the announcement of Saudi Arabia Vision 2030  Erth and Accor have both played a key role in the development of tourism through several existing and upcoming projects in key locations across the Kingdom. Accor has been present in Saudi Arabia for more than 20 years and has contributed to the development of the Holy destination of Makkah  counting over 9 000 rooms with direct access to the Haram.Within the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  Accor currently operates 42 properties (16 000+ rooms) and has a robust development pipeline of 34 properties which will add approximately 7 000 rooms to the Group's portfolio by 2027. Properties expected to arrive in the Kingdom in 2023 include the much-anticipated Raffles Jeddah  Fairmont Ramla Serviced Residences Riyadh  Sofitel Riyadh  Movenpick Waad Al Shamal-Turaif and Novotel Makkah Thakher City Residences. Among its Saudi Arabia portfolio  Accor is leading the way with positive hospitality experiences and environmentally sound development and operational practices. The new master-planned community in Riyadh will be developed with ethical  social  and environmental engagement that will contribute to a healthier environment while delivering value to its stakeholders  including the guests of the three new luxury hotels.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www. group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .About ERTH"" ERTH "" is a real estate company established in 2014. Headquarters in Riyadh  set out to provide lifestyle development services across the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. ""ERTH"" is inspired by advanced experiences are developing and managing pioneer projects with a modern vision and international specifications that achieve sustainability  creativity  and innovation to provide projects that meet the diversity of tastes and needs  and ensure smoothness when starting the facility  in addition  to pledge achieving sustainable development in all projects. For more information  please visit www.erth.sa or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn and Instagram .SOURCE Accor",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['three new luxury hotels', 'multi-branded luxury hospitality community', 'Erth Real Estate', 'Accor', 'centrepiece', 'Riyadh', '4.2 billion Saudi Riyal mixed-use project', 'new master planned development project', 'King Khalid International Airport', 'Saud Abdullah Al Rajhi', 'preferred real estate brand', '250-key Sofitel Serviced Residence', 'sumptuous resort style villas', 'premium real estate developer', 'Erth Real Estate Company', 'forthcoming luxury hospitality community', 'two other Sofitel destinations', 'King Fahad Road', 'King Salman Road', 'AL YASMIN DISTRICT', 'Al Olaya Street', 'Al Waseel district', 'convenient 18-minute access', 'luxury private resorts', 'luxury hospitality choices', 'three new hotels', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'Group Managing Director', '60-villa MGallery resort', 'new luxury hotels', 'Ample green space', 'leading first-class projects', 'Foster + Partners', 'exclusive private residences', 'world-class luxury hotel', 'SOFITEL EXTENDED STAY', 'world-leading brand portfolio', 'hotel management services', 'true Raffles experience', 'busy city center', '230-key Raffles hotel', 'MGALLERY RESORT RIYADH', 'Saudi Arabia Vision', 'Riyadh city center', 'hospitality portfolio', 'new MGallery', '60 low-rise villas', 'New Murabba', 'new assets', 'multi-faceted community', 'CNW Group', 'diverse community', 'two towers', 'retail space', 'Norman Foster', 'upcoming projects', 'MGallery brands', 'garden area', 'iconic presence', 'several brands', 'clear view', 'Avenues Mall', 'SAB Tower', 'Tamkeen Tower', 'lush gardens', 'date farms', 'ideal attraction', 'vibrant neighborhood', 'signing event', 'market expectations', 'economic potential', 'ultra-luxury division', 'second destination', 'Omer Acar', 'Orient Express', 'perfect location', 'legendary service', 'leisure visitors', 'dynamic energy', 'Maud Bailly', 'vibrant neighbourhood', 'top designers', 'lead architect', 'global studio', 'sustainable architecture', 'single entity', 'Additional consultants', 'prestigious development', 'Residences Jeddah', 'one tower', 'stunning set', 'rich backdrop', 'key role', 'several existing', 'key locations', 'new guests', 'office towers', 'residential towers', '42-storey towers', 'cosmopolitan city', 'RAFFLES RIYADH', 'French culture', 'Hejazi culture', 'CEO Raffles', 'Accor', 'partnership', 'Kingdom', '34-storey', 'skyline', 'owner', 'support', 'KAFD', 'buildings', 'wadi', 'families', 'break', 'immersion', 'relationship', 'vibrance', 'growth', 'family', 'behalf', 'business', 'Emblems', 'ambassador', 'art-de', 'vivre', 'chance', 'property', 'feeling', 'home', 'urbanism', 'engineering', 'offices', 'practice', 'expertise', 'technology', 'food', 'beverage', 'region', 'tradition', 'announcement', 'tourism', '20 years', 'Holy']",2023-05-15,2023-05-16,prnewswire.com
24932,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-05/59106578-nyxoah-reports-first-quarter-2023-financial-and-operating-results-399.htm,Nyxoah Reports First Quarter 2023 Financial and Operating Results,"CET / 4:05pm ET - Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (""Nyxoah"" or the ""Company"")  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) ","REGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Reports First Quarter 2023 Financial and Operating ResultsMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium - May 16  2023 10:05pm CET / 4:05pm ET - Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (""Nyxoah"" or the ""Company"")  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today reported financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2023.Recent Financial and Operating HighlightsCompleted all 115 implants in the DREAM U.S. pivotal trial  with 12-month data expected in the first quarter of 2024.Initiated the modular PMA submission with the filing of the first module.Submitted 12-month data 1 on the first 34 DREAM patients as a late-breaking abstract to SLEEP 2023 demonstrating a 65% AHI responder rate  a 76% ODI responder rate and safety in-line with expectations. The abstract will be presented in a late-breaking poster session on June 6th. These data are preliminary and not conclusive of final DREAM success.on the first 34 DREAM patients as a late-breaking abstract to SLEEP 2023 demonstrating a 65% AHI responder rate  a 76% ODI responder rate and safety in-line with expectations. The abstract will be presented in a late-breaking poster session on June 6th. These data are preliminary and not conclusive of final DREAM success. Implanted the first patients in the ACCCESS U.S. IDE pivotal study to treat complete concentric collapse (CCC). Implant completion expected in 2024.Hired Christoph Eigenmann as Chief Commercial Officer.Raised €19 million from new and historical shareholders including ResMed  Cochlear and Robert Taub  Nyxoah's Chairman and Founder.Ended the quarter with 40 active German accounts and quarterly sales of €441 thousand.Expanded European market access with first implants in Austria.Strengthened the supply chain with the Belgium manufacturing facility receiving clearance from the EU notified body.""In 2023  our focus is in the U.S. on DREAM patient follow up resulting in reaching the primary endpoints. I am excited by the data on the first 34 patients and look forward to sharing the full abstract results at SLEEP 2023 next month. Our increasing conviction in DREAM outcomes is accelerating investment in our commercial organization  starting with the addition of Christoph as Chief Commercial Officer "" commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah's Chief Executive Officer. ""Christoph's hire  along with the €19 million raised from key investors  puts us in a strong position as we embark on our next stage of growth.""First Quarter 2023 ResultsUNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31  2023 (in thousands)For the three months ended March 31 2023 2022 Revenue €441 €660 Cost of goods sold (175) (289) Gross profit €266 €371 Research and Development Expense (6 157) (3 595) Selling  General and Administrative Expense (5 551) (4 193) Other income/(expense) 46 136 Operating loss for the period €(11 396) €(7 281) Financial income 625 1 576 Financial expense (958) (788) Loss for the period before taxes €(11 729) €(6 493) Income taxes (182) (208) Loss for the period €(11 911) €(6 701) Loss attributable to equity holders €(11 911) €(6 701) Other comprehensive loss Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit orloss (net of tax) Currency translation differences (28) ( 102) Total comprehensive loss for the year  net of tax €(11 939) €(6 803) Loss attributable to equity holders €(11 939) €(6 803) Basic Loss Per Share (in EUR) €(0.460) €(0.260) Diluted Loss Per Share (in EUR) €(0.460) €(0.260)UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS OF MARCH 31  2023 (in thousands)As at March 312023 December 31 2022 ASSETS Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment €2 721 €2 460 Intangible assets 42 447 39 972 Right of use assets 3 669 3 159 Deferred tax asset 50 47 Other long-term receivables 169 173 €49 056 €45 811 Current assets Inventory 1 249 882 Trade receivables 1 499 1 463 Other receivables 1 419 1 775 Other current assets 1 663 1 284 Financial assets 62 403 76 968 Cash and cash equivalents 33 664 17 888 €101 897 €100 260 Total assets €150 953 €146 071 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Capital and reserves Capital 4 859 4 440 Share premium 243 488 228 275 Share based payment reserve 6 582 5 645 Other comprehensive income 148 176 Retained loss (130 051) (118 212) Total equity attributable to shareholders €125 026 €120 324 LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities Financial debt 8 381 8 189 Lease liability 3 112 2 586 Pension liability 25 - Provisions 74 59 Deferred tax liability - - €11 592 €10 834 Current liabilities Financial debt 390 388 Lease liability 711 719 Trade payables 5 012 4 985 Current tax liability 3 619 3 654 Other payables 4 603 5 167 €14 335 €14 913 Total liabilities €25 927 €25 747 Total equity and liabilities €150 953 €146 071RevenueRevenue was €441 000 for the first quarter ending March 31  2023  compared to €660 000 for first quarter ending March 31  2022.Cost of Goods SoldCost of goods sold was €175 000 for the three months ending March 31  2023  representing a gross profit of €266 000  or gross margin of 60.3%. This compares to total cost of goods sold of €289 000 in the first quarter ending March 31  2022  for a gross profit of €371 000  or gross margin of 56.2%.Research and Development ExpensesResearch and development expenses were €6.2 million for the three months ending March 31  2023  versus €3.6 million for the prior year period  driven by an acceleration in clinical activities  notable the start of the ACCCESS study.Selling  General and Administrative ExpensesSelling  general and administrative expenses rose to €5.6 million for the first quarter of 2023  up from €4.2 million in the first quarter of 2022. This was due primarily to increased commercial efforts in Germany and other European markets  as well as investments in Nyxoah's corporate infrastructure. The Company expects to continue adding headcount across the organization ahead of the U.S. commercial launch.Operating LossTotal operating loss for the first quarter 2023 was €11.4 million versus €7.3 million in the first quarter of 2022. This was driven by the acceleration in the Company's R&D spending  as well as ongoing commercial and clinical activities.Cash PositionAs of March 31  2023  cash and financial assets totaled €96.1 million  compared to €94.9 million on December 31  2022. Total cash burn was approximately €4.9 million per month during the first quarter of 2023.First Quarter 2023 ReportNyxoah's financial report for the first quarter of 2023  including details of the consolidated results  are available on the investor page of Nyxoah's website).Conference call and webcast presentationNyxoah will conduct a conference call open to the public today at 10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET  which will also be webcast. To participate in the conference call  please access the following link to register for a dial-in number: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/imeku8f7A question-and-answer session will follow the presentation of the results. To access the live webcast  go to https://investors.nyxoah.com/events . The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah's lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world's most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors' therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution - CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah's goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the ""Risk Factors"" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"") on March 24  2022  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 13131 For the trial to be successful  of the 115 patients  at least 63% of patients need to be AHI and ODI responders at the 12-month follow-up.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.19,0.5,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023', 'Operating Results', 'Nyxoah', 'Financial', 'ACCCESS U.S. IDE pivotal study', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal trial', 'UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'Other comprehensive loss Items', 'Current liabilities Financial debt', 'modular PMA submission', '65% AHI responder rate', '76% ODI responder rate', 'late-breaking poster session', 'final DREAM success', 'complete concentric collapse', '40 active German accounts', 'European market access', 'EU notified body', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Currency translation differences', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'Current assets Inventory', 'Non-current assets Property', 'Other current assets', 'Other comprehensive income', 'Deferred tax asset', 'Other long-term receivables', 'medical technology company', 'Belgium manufacturing facility', 'LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities', 'Current tax liability', 'first 34 DREAM patients', 'Deferred tax liability', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'full abstract results', 'Total comprehensive loss', 'First Quarter 2023 Results', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS', 'Other receivables', 'DREAM outcomes', 'Other income', 'Financial income', 'Financial assets', 'first patients', 'first 34 patients', 'Other payables', 'Total liabilities', 'commercial organization', 'Recent Financial', 'FINANCIAL POSITION', 'Operating Results', 'Total assets', 'Lease liability', 'Pension liability', 'Trade receivables', 'Financial expense', 'first module', 'Intangible assets', 'use assets', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Operating Highlights', 'Implant completion', 'Robert Taub', 'quarterly sales', 'supply chain', 'primary endpoints', 'increasing conviction', 'Olivier Taelman', 'key investors', 'strong position', 'next stage', 'THREE MONTHS', 'LIABILITIES Capital', 'payment reserve', 'Total equity', 'Trade payables', 'Operating loss', 'Basic Loss', 'Diluted Loss', 'breaking abstract', 'equity holders', 'first implants', 'Administrative Expense', 'Income taxes', 'historical shareholders', 'Gross profit', 'cash equivalents', '12-month data', 'Christoph Eigenmann', 'Development Expense', '440 Share premium', 'Nyxoah SA', '115 implants', '8,275 Share', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'May', '05pm', 'NYXH', 'commercialization', 'OSA', 'filing', 'safety', 'expectations', 'June', 'line', 'new', 'ResMed', 'Cochlear', 'Chairman', 'Founder', 'Austria', 'clearance', 'focus', 'investment', 'addition', 'hire', 'growth', 'MARCH', 'thousands', 'Revenue', 'Cost', 'goods', 'Research', 'Selling', 'General', 'period', 'year', 'equipment', 'Right', 'reserves', 'Provisions', '10']",2023-05-05,2023-05-16,finanznachrichten.de
24933,EuroNext,Bing API,http://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2023-5-16-inventiva-reports-2023-first-quarter-financial-information-and-provides-a-corporate-update,Inventiva reports 2023 First Quarter Financial Information¹ and provides a corporate update,May 16  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs ,Cash and cash equivalents at €56.3 million  short-term deposits at €0.7 million 2   and long term deposit at €9.3 million 3 as of March 31  2023  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectively  and long term deposit at €9.3 million as of March 31  2023  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectively Improvements on NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH with the implementation of the new design  progress in patient recruitment and recommendation  following the second meeting of the Data Monitoring Committee  to continue the trial without modificationsPositive conclusion of the Renal Impairment study required for lanifibranor regulatory submission in NASHTwo lanifibranor abstracts have been accepted for presentation at the EASL International Liver Congress TMFirst visit of the last patient for NATiV3 is targeted for the second half of 2023Topline results of the study with lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D expected in the middle of Q2 2023Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  May 16  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today reported financial information for the first quarter of 2023  including its cash  cash equivalents and revenues  and provided a corporate update.Financial ResultsCash PositionAs of March 31  2023  the Company’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to €56.3 million  short-term deposits to 0.7 million2  and long term deposit to €9.3 million3  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectively.Net cash used in operating activities amounted to (€20.4) million in the first quarter of 2023  compared to (€15.0) million for the same period in 2022. R&D expenses for the first quarter were up 38% compared to the first quarter of 2022. This increase is in line with the clinical development activities planned in 2023 and mostly driven by costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH  and  to a lesser extent  with the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes (“T2D”).Net cash used in investing activities for the first quarter of 2023 amounted to (€8.4) million  compared to (€0.1) million in the first quarter of 2022. The change is mostly due to the change in deposits between both periods.Net cash used in financing activities for the first quarter of 2023 amounted to (€1.2) million  compared to (€0.1) million in the first quarter of 2022.Over the first quarter of 2023  the Company recorded a negative exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents of (€0.5) million  compared to a positive effect of €0.2 million for the first quarter of 2022  due to the evolution of EUR/USD exchange rate.Considering its current R&D and clinical development programs  the Company estimates that its existing cash  cash equivalents and deposits should allow the Company to fund its operations until the end of the fourth quarter of 20234. This cash runway estimate does not include the conditional second tranche of €25.0 million of the EIB loan agreement5.RevenuesThe Company did not recognize revenues for the first quarter of 2023  in line with the first quarter of 2022.Main areas of progress in the R&D portfolioImplementation of the new design of the Phase III NATiV3 clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH announced in January 2023 is continuing. The new design has been cleared by regulatory authorities in key countries  including the United States. A total of 376 trial sites are activated in 23 countries and 218 trial sites are already operating under the new design of NATiV3.Receipt of a positive recommendation  on May 3  2023  following the second meeting of the Data Monitoring Committee of the Phase III NATIV3 clinical trial to continue the study without modification of the protocol  confirming the good safety profile of lanifibranor.Positive conclusion of the Renal Impairment study required for regulatory submission  demonstrating that lanifibranor pharmacokinetics is not affected in patients with renal impairment.Enrollment for the NATiV3 trial is on track and the first visit of the last patient is targeted for the second half of 2023.Two lanifibranor abstracts have been accepted for presentation at the European Association for the Study of the Liver (« EASL ») International Liver CongressTM- “Early aminotransferase improvement in the phase 2b NATIVE study is predictive of response pattern of liver histology as well as hepatic and cardiometabolic health markers at the end of treatment in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH” – Prof. Quentin Anstee – Poster- “Correlation between severity of hepatic steatosis and markers of cardiometabolic health  and effect of lanifibranor therapy in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH” – Michael Cooreman  MD – PosterAfter having finalized patient recruitment in September 2022  the data analysis of the investigator-initiated study with lanifibranor in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (“NAFLD”) and T2D is ongoing. The topline results are expected to be published in the middle of the second quarter of 2023.Anticipated potential key milestonesPublication of the topline results of the investigator-initiated study with lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D – anticipated in the middle of the second quarter of 2023Publication of the topline results of the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial of lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D – anticipated in the second half of 2023Last Patient First Visit of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH – anticipated in the second half of 2023Upcoming investor conference participationJefferies Global Healthcare Conference – June 7-9 – New York CityKBC Life Sciences Metabolics Day – June 20 – BrusselsUpcoming scientific conferencesThe EASL International Liver Congress TM – June 21-24 – Vienna  Austria– June 21-24 – Vienna  Austria The American Diabetes Association 83rd Scientific Sessions – June 23-26 – San DiegoNext financial results publicationFinancial results  cash position and revenues  for the first half of 2023: Thursday  July 27  2023 (after U.S. market close)About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet MontegonAude LepreuxMatthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrollment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH  the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes and the study with lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva  the potential receipt of the second tranche under the EIB loan and any potential transaction or receipt of additional funds  future access to the two-year short-term deposit  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and estimated cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrollment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  rising interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.1 Non-audited financial information.2 Short-term deposits are included in the category “other current assets” in the IFRS consolidated statement of financial position  and are considered by the Company as liquid and easily available.3 The long term deposit has a two years term accessible prior to the expiration of the term with a notice period of 31 days and is considered as liquid by the Company.4 This estimate is based on the Company’s current business plan and excludes any potential milestones payable to or by the Company and any additional expenditures related to the potential continued development of the odiparcil program or resulting from the potential in-licensing or acquisition of additional product candidates or technologies  or any associated development the Company may pursue. The Company may have based this estimate on assumptions that are incorrect  and the Company may end up using its resources sooner than anticipated.5 The disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million is subject to  among other conditions  (i) the Company issuing warrants to EIB in accordance with the terms and conditions of the warrants agreements entered into July 1  2022  (ii) the full drawdown of the first tranche  (iii) the receipt by the Company from the date of the EIB credit facility of an aggregate amount of at least €70.0 million (inclusive of the €18.0 million that was a condition for the disbursement of the first tranche)  paid either in exchange for Company shares  or through upfront or milestone payments  (iv) an out-licensing  partnership or royalty transaction with an upfront payment of at least €10.0 million; and (v) operational criteria based on patient enrollment and number of sites activated in the Company’s NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.12,0.2,True,English,"['2023 First Quarter Financial Information¹', 'corporate update', 'Inventiva', 'Phase III NATiV3 clinical trial', 'NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial', 'EASL International Liver Congress TM', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'negative exchange rate effect', 'LEGEND Phase IIa', 'EUR/USD exchange rate', 'International Liver CongressTM', 'clinical development programs', 'long term deposit', 'Data Monitoring Committee', 'Long Island City', 'R&D expenses', 'current R&D', 'EIB loan agreement', 'R&D portfolio', 'good safety profile', 'Prof. Quentin Anstee', 'clinical development activities', 'conditional second tranche', 'cardiometabolic health markers', 'cash runway estimate', 'Two lanifibranor abstracts', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Renal Impairment study', 'NATiV3 trial', 'lanifibranor regulatory submission', 'phase 2b', 'combination trial', '376 trial sites', '218 trial sites', 'positive effect', 'liver histology', 'regulatory authorities', 'operating activities', 'investing activities', 'financing activities', 'second meeting', 'second half', 'new design', 'patient recruitment', 'Positive conclusion', 'First visit', 'last patient', 'Topline results', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'other diseases', 'financial information', 'first quarter', 'corporate update', 'Financial Results', 'same period', 'lesser extent', 'type 2 diabetes', 'fourth quarter', 'Main areas', 'European Association', 'aminotransferase improvement', 'response pattern', 'NATIVE study', 'cash equivalents', 'Cash Position', 'Net cash', 'existing cash', 'lanifibranor pharmacokinetics', 'short-term deposits', 'key countries', 'positive recommendation', 'hepatic steatosis', 'The Company', 'cirrhotic NASH', '23 countries', 'March', 'December', 'Improvements', 'implementation', 'progress', 'modifications', 'presentation', 'patients', 'NAFLD', 'T2D', 'middle', 'Q2', 'Daix', 'France', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'treatment', 'revenues', 'increase', 'costs', 'empagliflozin', 'periods', 'evolution', 'operations', 'January', 'total', 'Receipt', 'May', 'protocol', 'Enrollment', 'track', 'Poster', 'Correlation', 'severity']",2023-05-16,2023-05-16,markets.buffalonews.com
24934,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.forexfactory.com/news/1220826-euronext-registers-117-yy-drop-in-fx-trading,Euronext registers 11.7% Y/Y drop in FX trading revenue in Q1 2023,Pan-European market infrastructure Euronext today published its results for the first quarter of 2023. FX trading reported €6.3 million of revenue in the first quarter of 2023  down 11.7% from the first quarter of 2022 ,Pan-European market infrastructure Euronext today published its results for the first quarter of 2023. FX trading reported €6.3 million of revenue in the first quarter of 2023  down 11.7% from the first quarter of 2022 ,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['FX trading revenue', 'Euronext', 'Q1', 'Pan-European market infrastructure', 'first quarter', 'FX trading', 'Euronext', 'results', 'revenue']",2023-05-16,2023-05-16,forexfactory.com
24935,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/wallix/cp/2023/05/16/wallix-acquires-kleverware-a-leading-player-in-identity-and-access-governance,WALLIX acquires Kleverware  a leading player in Identity and Access Governance,WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in privileged access management (PAM)  today announces the closing of the acquisition of Kleverware. Founded in 2005  as a pioneer in its field ,16/05/2023 - 18:00WALLIX is extending its offering to include the strategic $4.3bn IAG market;The acquisition of Kleverware strengthens WALLIX's offering in the booming cloud infrastructure cybersecurity market  CIEM;WALLIX thereby extends its client base in the key sectors of banking and insurance  Kleverware's core clients;The acquisition is immediately accretive and in line with WALLIX's development strategy to become a leading player in European cybersecurity;WALLIX confirms the accelerated external growth of its UNICORN25 plan.Paris  May 16  2023 - WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in privileged access management (PAM)  today announces the closing of the acquisition of Kleverware.Founded in 2005  as a pioneer in its field  Kleverware has developed and marketed its IT system identity  access and rights management solution Kleverware IAG (Identity and Access Governance). The French company is now well established and its solution has been used for many years by leading players in the banking  insurance and retail sectors. Through its network of partners  Kleverware is present in France  as well as in Switzerland and Benelux.A new offering at the heart of cloud infrastructure security challenges: CIEMIn early 2023  WALLIX and Kleverware announced a tech alliance to strengthen cloud infrastructure security  a booming market up 20% in 2023 and estimated at $600 billion.The Kleverware solution represents a significant technological asset that naturally complements WALLIX's PAM4ALL offering to give clients visibility over user access rights within their organization and ecosystem  in accordance with IT risk management regulations related to digital access  identity and data in their sector.Thus  strengthened by Kleverware  WALLIX's offering will enable companies to migrate to the cloud with visibility over their user access rights and an ability to flexibly adapt them in accordance with current regulations and uses to limit their attack surface.The strategic value of this positioning is enhanced by the fact that CIEM technology (Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management) is emerging as the go-to standard for access management and application of the “least privilege” principle in cloud infrastructures.A new strategic milestone in the Unicorn 25 planThe acquisition of Kleverware is fully in line with the strategic and financial objectives set out in the Unicorn 25 plan:expansion of the product offering and entry into the strategic identity and access governance (IAG) segment  which is growing at an average annual rate of 12.5% and estimated to be worth $4.3 billion according to Gartner Group;strengthening of the client portfolio with key accounts in the core banking and insurance sectors  and across Europe in Switzerland and Benelux;ramp-up of the profitable growth trajectory with an expected average annual growth rate of Kleverware's turnover of almost 75% over the 2022-2025 period and a long-term operating margin target of over 15%  in line with the Group's ambition.An immediately accretive transaction with a long-term trajectoryFounded by Bertrand Augé and Arnaud Fléchard  Kleverware is targeting turnover of €1 million and operating breakeven in 2023.WALLIX has acquired the entire share capital of Kleverware for an initial price of €250 000 paid in cash  with possible earnouts subject to the presence of the Kleverware founding shareholders and Kleverware's performance.This transaction therefore combines the long-term commitment of the founders with a phased payment of the acquisition price. Kleverware will be consolidated in the WALLIX financial statements from May 17  2023. The existing tech alliance with Kleverware will facilitate the integration of the company and provide immediate revenue synergies.Jean-Noël de Galzain  Chairman-CEO and founder of WALLIX  made the following comments: “We are pleased to welcome Kleverware to the WALLIX Group. This transaction is fully in line with the Company's ambition to expand its offering  support organizations in their digital transformation and become a European leader in access  data and digital identity cybersecurity. The combination of PAM and IAG expertise will strengthen WALLIX's position in the cloud infrastructure security market. This is a key step in fulfilling our ambition to build an innovative security-by-design solution for the digital world in compliance with standards and regulations of our clients' businesses.”Bertrand Augé  Kleverware CEO  said: “WALLIX and Kleverware share a common ambition to build a more secure digital world that meets the needs of businesses. Our tech alliance has taught us how to work together and we are now delighted to be joining WALLIX in order to achieve our profitable growth objectives and take full advantage of the resources made available to us by the Group.”Next publication: H1 2023 turnover  July 20  2023ABOUT KLEVERWAREKleverware  a French editor  has been a forerunner in the field of identity and access governance since 2005. With its innovations and the recognition of the market by obtaining labels (France Cybersecurity  Bpifrance Excellence...)  Kleverware demonstrates the innovation and robustness of its solutions. For years  these solutions have been used by big names in the banking  insurance  and retail industries to audit hundreds of thousands of rights every day.www.kleverware.comABOUT WALLIXWALLIX is the European specialist in access and digital identity security and the world leader in PAM (Privileged Access Management). Its technologies enable organizations to meet today's challenges in IT network protection and data security. They also provide detection and resilience to cyberattacks and protect organizations' digital assets in addition to maintaining business continuity of IT systems  in the cloud  and in industrial networks. These technologies simplify compliance with regulatory requirements for access to critical IT infrastructure and data. With its PAM4ALL  PAM4OT  and Trustelem solutions  WALLIX helps its customers modernize their information systems and put cybersecurity at the service of their digital transformation. The company relies on a network of certified distributors  resellers  and integrators to support more than 2 000 organizations worldwide in all sectors of the economy. The company is listed on Euronext (ALLIX). The founders and managers  as well as the investment structure T.D.H (Thierry Dassault Holding) are the historical reference shareholders.OT.security by WALLIX is a brand dedicated to the security of digital access and identities in industrial environments.WALLIX affirms its digital responsibility and is committed to contributing to the construction of a trusted European digital space  guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of data for organizations as well as for individuals concerned about the protection of their digital identity and privacy. Digital technology  whether for professional or personal use  must be ethical and responsible in order to pursue a secure societal digital transformation that respects individual freedoms.www.wallix.com | info@wallix.com,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['leading player', 'Access Governance', 'WALLIX', 'Kleverware', 'Identity', 'booming cloud infrastructure cybersecurity market', 'Jean-Noël de Galzain', 'long-term operating margin target', 'cloud infrastructure security challenges', 'Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management', 'cloud infrastructure security market', 'European cybersecurity software developer', 'average annual growth rate', 'IT risk management regulations', 'strategic $4.3bn IAG market', 'average annual rate', 'significant technological asset', 'least privilege” principle', 'Arnaud Fléchard', 'entire share capital', 'immediate revenue synergies', 'profitable growth trajectory', 'profitable growth objectives', 'rights management solution', 'IT system identity', 'privileged access management', 'user access rights', 'new strategic milestone', 'secure digital world', 'digital identity cybersecurity', 'existing tech alliance', 'Kleverware founding shareholders', 'booming market', 'WALLIX financial statements', 'The Kleverware solution', 'cloud infrastructures', 'innovative security', 'long-term trajectory', 'external growth', 'financial objectives', 'long-term commitment', 'European leader', 'digital access', 'IAG) segment', 'IAG expertise', 'strategic value', 'digital transformation', 'current regulations', 'design solution', 'strategic identity', 'Access Governance', 'client base', 'key sectors', 'development strategy', 'leading player', 'UNICORN25 plan', 'Euronext ALLIX', 'many years', 'retail sectors', 'attack surface', 'Unicorn 25 plan', 'client portfolio', 'key accounts', '2022-2025 period', 'Bertrand Augé', 'initial price', 'possible earnouts', 'phased payment', 'following comments', 'key step', 'full advantage', 'Next publication', 'French editor', 'Kleverware IAG', 'new offering', 'core clients', 'Gartner Group', 'core banking', 'Kleverware CEO', 'French company', 'CIEM technology', 'product offering', 'insurance sectors', 'accretive transaction', 'H1 2023 turnover', 'common ambition', 'acquisition price', ""clients' businesses"", 'KLEVERWARE Kleverware', 'WALLIX Group', 'line', 'Paris', 'PAM', 'closing', 'pioneer', 'field', 'network', 'partners', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'Benelux', 'heart', 'early 2023', 'visibility', 'organization', 'ecosystem', 'accordance', 'data', 'companies', 'ability', 'positioning', 'fact', 'standard', 'application', 'expansion', 'entry', 'strengthening', 'ramp-up', 'cash', 'presence', 'performance', 'founders', 'May', 'integration', 'Chairman-CEO', 'combination', 'compliance', 'needs', 'order', 'resources', 'July', 'forerunner']",2023-05-16,2023-05-16,actusnews.com
24936,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.teletrader.com/euronext-to-launch-a-new-dark-trading-service-in-q4/news/details/60014502,Euronext to launch a new dark trading service in Q4,Pan-European bourse Euronext N.V. announced on Tuesday it plans to launch a new dark trading service in the fourth quarter of 2023 to attract large investors. The service will include sweep orders  midpoint trading  and interaction between dark and lit ...,"TELETRADER NewsEuronext to launch a new dark trading service in Q4EPA-EFE/CHRISTOPHE PETIT TESSONPan-European bourse Euronext N.V. announced on Tuesday it plans to launch a new dark trading service in the fourth quarter of 2023 to attract large investors. The service will include sweep orders  midpoint trading  and interaction between dark and lit markets  while on the other hand  it won't be restricted by the Large in Scale (LiS) waiver.""This new facility will enable participants to benefit from an expanded suite of on-exchange execution models from the leading pan-European venue with the largest and deepest liquidity pool ... Clients consultations on specifications are ongoing and the launch date is expected to be announced in the coming months "" Euronext noted in a press release.The announcement came after the exchange reported the second strongest quarter in its history  with adjusted net income declining 10.7% to €147.1 million in the first trimester of the year.Baha Breaking News (BBN) / ND",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['new dark trading service', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Pan-European bourse Euronext N.V.', 'new dark trading service', 'leading pan-European venue', 'EPA-EFE/CHRISTOPHE PETIT TESSON', 'deepest liquidity pool', 'second strongest quarter', 'Baha Breaking News', 'exchange execution models', 'midpoint trading', 'new facility', 'TELETRADER News', 'fourth quarter', 'sweep orders', 'lit markets', 'other hand', 'LiS) waiver', 'expanded suite', 'Clients consultations', 'launch date', 'coming months', 'press release', 'net income', 'first trimester', 'large investors', 'Q4', 'Tuesday', 'interaction', 'Scale', 'participants', 'largest', 'specifications', 'announcement', 'history', 'year', 'BBN']",2023-05-16,2023-05-16,teletrader.com
24937,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/euronext-1q-rev-eur372-3m-472b799e,Euronext 1Q Rev EUR372.3M,By Michael Susin Euronext NV said Tuesday that net profit for the first quarter came in below market expectations despite revenue and adjusted Ebitda,By Michael SusinEuronext NV said Tuesday that net profit for the first quarter came in below market expectations despite revenue and adjusted Ebitda beating views on a robust performance and improved costs control.The pan-European market exchange said earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization--a metric that strips out exceptional and other one-off items--was 214.8 million euros ($233.6 million)  down from EUR252.2 million the same period a year ago but ahead of the company-provided consensus forecast of EUR214.8 million.Net profit for the quarter  however  fell more than 30% to EUR96.5 million  below market expectations of EUR98.1 million.Revenue for the quarter was EUR372.3 million from EUR395.7 million a year earlier  beating the company-compiled consensus of EUR371.1 million  driven mainly by a robust performance of non-volume related business.Write to Michael Susin at michael.susin@wsj.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext 1Q Rev', 'Ebitda beating views', 'volume related business', 'company-provided consensus forecast', 'pan-European market exchange', 'company-compiled consensus', 'market expectations', 'Euronext NV', 'net profit', 'robust performance', 'costs control', 'same period', 'Michael Susin', 'first quarter', 'revenue', 'earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'exceptional', 'other', 'items', '4.8']",2023-05-16,2023-05-16,marketwatch.com
24938,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/correction-flex-lng-key-information-151300482.html,Correction: Flex LNG - Key information relating to the cash dividend to by paid by Flex LNG for the first quarter 2023,Note to shareholders registered in Euronext VPS  the Norwegian Central Security Depository: Due to implementation of the Central Securities Depository Regulation (CSDR) in Norway  please note the information on the payment date to the shares registered in ...,FLEX LNGMay 16  2023Hamilton  BermudaPlease note corrections to the dividend dates as per below.Key information relating to the cash dividend to be paid by Flex LNG Ltd. (Ticker: FLNG) for the first quarter 2023.Note to shareholders registered in Euronext VPS  the Norwegian Central Security Depository:Due to implementation of the Central Securities Depository Regulation (CSDR) in Norway  please note the information on the payment date to the shares registered in Euronext VPS below.Dividend amount: $0.75Declared currency: USD. Dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed in NOK.Last day including right: May 26  2023Ex-date: May 30  2023Record date: May 31  2023Payment date: On or about June 13  2023. Due to the implementation of CSDR in Norway  dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed on or about June 16  2023.Date of approval: May 15  2023For more info please contact:Knut Traaholt  Chief Financial Officer of Flex LNG Management ASTelephone: +47 23 11 40 00Email: IR@flexlng.comThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Flex LNG', 'Key information', 'cash dividend', 'first quarter', 'Correction', 'Norwegian Central Security Depository', 'Central Securities Depository Regulation', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Flex LNG Management AS', 'Flex LNG Ltd', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'cash dividend', 'first quarter', 'Euronext VPS', 'Dividend amount', 'Last day', 'Knut Traaholt', 'disclosure requirements', 'payment date', 'Record date', 'Key information', 'May', 'Hamilton', 'Bermuda', 'corrections', 'dates', 'Ticker', 'FLNG', 'Note', 'shareholders', 'implementation', 'CSDR', 'Norway', 'shares', 'currency', 'Dividends', 'NOK', 'Ex-date', 'June', 'approval', 'Telephone', 'Email', 'flexlng', 'section']",2023-05-16,2023-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
