UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
26663,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/24/2693965/0/en/Inventiva-announces-the-presentation-of-a-scientific-abstract-at-the-83rd-Scientific-Sessions-of-the-American-Diabetes-Association.html,Inventiva announces the presentation of a scientific abstract at the 83rd Scientific Sessions of the American Diabetes Association,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  June 24  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic st…,English FrenchDaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  June 24  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that the abstract “Lanifibranor Improves Markers of Cardiometabolic Health in Patients with NASH and Type 2 Diabetes  Correlated With Responses in Adiponectin Levels” has been selected for poster presentation during the American Diabetes Association’s 83rd Scientific Sessions taking place on June 23-26  202 in San Diego  United States.Adiponectin plays a critical role in energy homeostatis by regulating insulin sensitivity  lipid metabolism and control of glycemia. In addition adiponectin has anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic effects in the liver. Low levels of adiponectin are associated with several metabolic conditions including T2D and NASH  and with an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. PPAR signaling is involved in disease pathways common to NASH and T2D  and this abstract evaluates the effect of lanifibranor  a pan-PPAR agonist  on adiponectin levels and improvement of markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with T2D and NASH.Inventiva’s ‘NATIVE’ Phase IIb clinical trial  which evaluated lanifibranor in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH  has demonstrated beneficial effects on liver histology  NASH resolution and fibrosis regression. The authors of the abstract show that lanifibranor significantly increases the levels of adiponectin and that this increase is correlated with the improvements of cardiometabolic markers  including insulin resistance  glycemic control  lipid metabolism  and systemic inflammation  in patients with NASH and T2D or prediabetes.The details of the presentation are as follows:Date: June 25  2023 Timing of the poster session: 11:30am-12:30 pm PT Poster identifier: 844-P Abstract title: “Lanifibranor Improves Markers of Cardiometabolic Health in Patients with NASH and Type 2 Diabetes  Correlated with Responses in Adiponectin Levels” Author: Dr. Louis Griffel  Vice President Clinical Development  InventivaAbout lanifibranorLanifibranor  Inventiva’s lead product candidate  is an orally-available small molecule that acts to induce anti-fibrotic  anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) isoforms  which are well-characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner  with a well-balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ  and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation  lanifibranor is the only pan-PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of NASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan-PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and pre-clinical studies to date. The FDA has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH and the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits  including reduction of IHTG  reduction of steatosis  improvement of hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity and improvement of a panel of markers of cardiometabolic health  reduction in fasting plasma glucose  atherogenic dyslipidemia  hepatic insulin action  insulin-stimulated muscle glucose disposal  reversal of adipose tissue dysfunction with a robust increase in plasma adiponectin  and reversal of steatohepatitis and fibrosis  of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  the publication by Dr. Cusi of additional secondary endpoints  including a series of markers of cardiometabolic health and more detailed analyses  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.26,0.55,True,English,"['American Diabetes Association', '83rd Scientific Sessions', 'scientific abstract', 'Inventiva', 'presentation', 'NATIVE’ Phase IIb clinical trial', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor', 'Hippo signaling pathway program', 'balanced pan-PPAR binding profile', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'Vice President Clinical Development', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'adult MPS VI patients', 'favorable tolerability profile', 'Long Island City', 'Dr. Louis Griffel', 'nuclear receptor proteins', 'Fast Track designation', 'two preclinical programs', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'lead product candidate', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', '83rd Scientific Sessions', 'several metabolic conditions', 'American Diabetes Association', 'three PPAR isoforms', 'one clinical candidate', 'oncology development candidate', '844-P Abstract title', 'two PPAR isoforms', 'other PPAR agonists', 'other development opportunities', 'PPAR signaling', 'clinical trials', 'clinical efforts', 'drug candidate', 'cardiovascular disease', 'disease pathways', 'pan-PPAR agonist', 'PPAR) isoforms', 'other diseases', 'metabolic changes', 'The Company', 'nuclear receptors', 'adult patients', 'scientific team', 'Type 2 Diabetes', 'liver histology', 'English French', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'Cardiometabolic Health', 'San Diego', 'critical role', 'energy homeostatis', 'insulin sensitivity', 'lipid metabolism', 'anti-fibrotic effects', 'beneficial effects', 'fibrosis regression', 'insulin resistance', 'systemic inflammation', 'poster session', 'Poster identifier', 'beneficial vascular', 'gene expression', 'potent manner', 'pre-clinical studies', 'The FDA', 'Breakthrough Therapy', 'strong expertise', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'available options', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'development facility', 'Low levels', 'poster presentation', 'anti-fibrotic, anti-inflammatory', 'partial activation', 'cardiometabolic markers', 'Adiponectin Levels', 'Lanifibranor Improves', 'cirrhotic NASH', 'NASH resolution', 'abstract “Lanifibranor', 'PPARα', 'PPARδ', 'PPARγ', 'Daix', 'France', 'June', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'treatment', 'Responses', 'place', 'control', 'addition', 'T2D', 'risk', 'improvement', 'authors', 'increase', 'prediabetes', 'details', 'Timing', '11:30am-12:30', 'body', 'moderate', 'research', 'mucopolysaccharidoses', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'pipeline', 'common', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'potential', 'process', '90 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology']",2023-06-24,2023-06-25,globenewswire.com
26664,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/25-largest-banks-world-assets-180244366.html,25 Largest Banks in the World by Assets,In this article  we will take a look at 25 of the largest banks based on their assets. If you want to see more of the biggest banks in the world  go directly...,"In this article  we will take a look at 25 of the largest banks based on their assets. If you want to see more of the biggest banks in the world  go directly to 5 Largest Banks in the World by Assets.Banking CrisisIt’s been a dramatic year for the banking industry following the bank run and the subsequent crash of the Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) earlier in March  which was followed shortly by the failure of the Signature Bank. Market panic quickly spilled over to Europe  leading to the downfall of Switzerland's Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS)  an institution included on the list of Global Systemically Important Banks (G-SIBs)  and its subsequent acquisition by UBS Group AG (NYSE:UBS) for three billion Swiss francs ($3.25 billion). In just mere moments  Switzerland came close to facing a full-scale bank run. Several other eurozone banks  among which Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (NYSE:DB)  another G-SIB  came under pressure as investors dumped their shares en masse.While the focus has been on the banking sector these past few weeks  the International Monetary Fund has come out and issued a warning regarding a potential global financial crisis emerging in the rapidly expanding alternative finance industry  commonly known as ""shadow banking."" This sector comprises various entities  including insurers  pension funds  mutual funds  and high-risk hedge funds. In such an environment  traditional banks are being increasingly bombarded by these so-called “nonbank financial institutions” alongside disruptive fintech players. Following the bank failures of a few months ago  several policymakers have been calling for even stricter regulation of traditional banks. Peaking on this issue during his 2022 shareholder report  JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon said:“The growing competition to banks from each other  as well as shadow banks  fintechs and large technology companies  is intense and clearly contributing to the diminishing role of banks and public companies in the United States and the global financial system. The pace of change and the size of the competition are extraordinary  and activity is accelerating. Large tech companies  already 100% digital  have hundreds of millions of customers  as well as enormous resources  in data and proprietary systems — all of which give them an extraordinary competitive advantage ”MegabanksMegabanks  the largest financial institutions globally  are colossal enterprises with significant assets reflected on their balance sheets. These entities provide a wide array of financial services  encompassing commercial banking  corporate banking  capital markets  asset management  and beyond. The United States serves as the home for numerous megabanks primarily due to its position as the world's largest economy. As of 2021  the U.S. boasted a GDP of $23 trillion  surpassing China's $17.73 trillion in second place and Japan's $4.94 trillion in third place.For decades  banks have been merging  partnering  and expanding—so much so that the four largest banks in the United States accounted for 50% of all US banking assets last year. In an effort to cater to the rising demand for streamlined mobile banking applications and to stay competitive against neobanks and other fintech companies  JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM)  Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C)  Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC)  and Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC)  while having more than a trillion dollars in consolidated domestic assets  increased their tech spending. Thus  proving that digital payments options in the age of modern banking are nothing less than crucial.On the other side of the world  Japan's GDP grew at an annualized 2.7% in the January-March quarter from the previous three months  beating the of 1.6% and the 1.9% expansion forecast by economists. According to Bloomberg  the three largest banks in Japan  Mizuho Financial Group  Inc. (NYSE:MFG)  Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Grp  Inc. (NYSE:SMFG)  and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group  Inc. (NYSE:MUFG)  are expected to forecast their highest profits in years  fueled by an upswing in client engagements and controlled expenses related to bad loans. The banks are projected to experience profit growth despite not relying on any potential changes from the central Bank of Japan. While the immediate termination of the central bank's negative interest rate policy is not widely expected  the domestic lending sector is expected to maintain a lackluster performance  hence exerting pressure on the banks to expand their international operations.25 Largest Banks in the World by AssetsCopyright: agcreativelab / 123RF Stock PhotoOur MethodologyFor our list of the 25 largest banks in the world by assets  we scoured through information regarding the banking industry and came up with a list of banks who are global leaders simply based on their total assets. For each bank listed below  we have mentioned its total assets worth. If you want to read up on more of the largest banks in the world  you can check out our previous article on the 16 Biggest Banks in the World.25. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (NYSE:DB)Total Assets: $1.419 trillionDeutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (NYSE:DB)  sometimes referred to simply as Deutsche  is a German multinational investment bank and financial services company headquartered in Frankfurt  Germany  and dual-listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. The bank operates within several divisions: investment banking  private banking  corporate banking  and asset management. The largest segments are investment and private banking  as these generate most of the net revenue. In 2022  the German bank reported an annual net income of more than $6.08 billion  up from roughly $2.72 billion in 2021. This was the highest profit reported by Deutsche Bank since 2007.24. Toronto-Dominion Bank (NYSE:TD)Total Assets: $1.445 trillionToronto-Dominion Bank (NYSE:TD)  doing business as TD Bank Group  is a Canadian multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Toronto  Ontario. The bank was created on February 1  1955  through the merger of the Bank of Toronto and The Dominion Bank. On May 25  the bank reported a rise in quarterly profit  as the lender benefited from robust growth in its personal and commercial banking business. Additionally  the bank stated on May 30 that it will push ahead with its U.S. expansion with about $18 billion by focusing on organic growth  after its M&A-led strategy in the world's biggest banking market suffered a setback this month.23. China Merchants BankTotal Assets: $1.458 trillionChina Merchants Bank is a Chinese bank headquartered in Futian District  Shenzhen  Guangdong  China. Founded in 1987  it is the first share-holding commercial bank wholly owned by corporate legal entities in China. CMB has over five hundred branches in mainland China and one in Hong Kong. The bank engages in the provision of corporate and personal banking services. It focuses on individual and corporate businesses  credit card  and small and medium enterprises  and operates through the following business segments: Wholesale Finance  Retail Finance  and Other Businesses.22. Société Générale S.A.Total Assets: $1.586 trillionSociété Générale S.A.  colloquially known in English speaking countries as SocGen  is a French-based multinational financial services company founded in 1864  registered in downtown Paris and headquartered nearby in La Défense. The bank has has over 117 000 staff members operating in 66 countries  and supports around 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world on a near daily basis.21. UBS Group AG (NYSE:UBS)Total Assets: $1.6 trillionUBS Group AG (NYSE:UBS) is a multinational investment bank and financial services company founded and based in Switzerland. Co-headquartered in the cities of Zürich and Basel  it maintains a presence in all major financial sphere's as the largest Swiss banking institution and one of the largest private banks in the world. On June 12  the Switzerland-based bank announced that it had finalized the acquisition of failing its rival  the Credit Suisse bank  following a deal agreed nearly three months ago. UBS Group AG (NYSE:UBS) also informed Credit Suisse shareholders that they will get one UBS share for every 22.48 Credit Suisse shares owned  as agreed in March.20. Groupe BPCETotal Assets: $1.7 trillionGroupe BPCE is a major French banking group formed by the 2009 merger of two major retail banking groups  Groupe Caisse d'Épargne and Groupe Banque Populaire. The third-largest banking group in France which finances over 20% of the French economy  Groupe BPCE has a universal cooperative banking model that serves around 30 million customers  and 9 million cooperative shareholders.19. Bank of Communications LimitedTotal Assets: $1.868 trillionEstablished in 1908  the Bank of Communications Limited claims a long history in China and is one of the banks to have issued banknotes in modern Chinese history. Following reorganization on April 1  1987  it became the first nationwide state-owned joint-stock commercial bank in China  with Head Office located in Shanghai. The bank's business scope includes commercial banking  securities services  trust services  financial leasing  fund management  insurance and offshore financial services.18. Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC)Total Assets: $1.886 trillionWells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC) is an American multinational financial services company with a significant global presence. The company operates in 35 countries and serves over 70 million customers worldwide. Headquartered in San Francisco  California  and with operational headquarters in Manhattan  the financial services company provides consumer banking services  commercial banking products  investment banking  wealth management  and other financial services.17. Banco Santander  S.A. (NYSE:SAN)Total Assets: $1.900 trillionBanco Santander  S.A. (NYSE:SAN)  doing business as Santander Group  is a Spanish multinational financial services company based in Madrid and Santander in Spain that offers retail and commercial banking  wealth management  and related financial solutions to individuals  small and medium-sized companies  and large enterprises worldwide. The bank also has a strong online presence with an easy-to-use website and mobile app. In 2022  Banco Santander  S.A. (NYSE:SAN) profits stood at roughly $10.51 billion  a sharp increase from the previous year.16. Barclays PLC (NYSE:BCS)Total Assets: $1.902 trillionBarclays PLC (NYSE:BCS) is a British multinational universal bank  headquartered in London  England that offers personal and business banking  wholesale and commercial banking  and private and investment banking solutions to individuals  SMEs  corporates  and high-net-worth clients. The range of services provided includes deposit and account management  payment cards  both personal and commercial loans  as well as investment solutions. Barclays operates as two divisions  Barclays UK and Barclays International  supported by a service company  Barclays Execution Services.15. Mizuho Financial Group  Inc. (NYSE:MFG)Total Assets: $1.908 trillionMizuho Financial Group  Inc. (NYSE:MFG)  abbreviated as MHFG  or simply called Mizuho  is a a leading global bank with one of the largest customer bases in Japan  and an extensive international network covering financial and business centers around the world. One of the largest banking institutions in Japan  with total assets amounting to approximately $1.908 trillion  Mizuho Financial Group  Inc. (NYSE:MFG) serves over 20 million customers.14. Japan Post Bank Co.  Ltd.Total Assets: $1.97 trillionJapan Post Bank Co.  Ltd.  is a Japanese bank headquartered in Tokyo. It is a corporation held by Japan Post Holdings  with the government of Japan holding a majority stake. It is a major financial institution that started in 1875 as a postal savings system  and that still today continues to operate primarily out of post office branches. It manages over $1.97 trillion of assets and offers services in almost 24 000 branches across Japan.13. Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Grp  Inc. (NYSE:SMFG)Total Assets: $2.005 trillionSumitomo Mitsui Financial Group  Inc. (NYSE:SMFG) is the holding company of SMBC Group  which is one of the three largest banking groups in Japan. One of the largest banks in Japan with total assets of over $2 trillion  the bank has a strong focus on commercial and corporate banking alongside an expansive retail operation.12. Postal Savings Bank of China Co.  Ltd.Total Assets: $2.023 trillionPostal Savings Bank of China Co.  Ltd. also known as PSBC is a commercial retail bank founded in 2007 and headquartered in Beijing. It provides basic financial services  especially to small and medium enterprises  rural and low income customers. One of China's largest state-owned commercial lenders and one of the largest banks in the world  the Postal Savings Bank of China Co.  Ltd. rose in Shanghai trading after China Mobile Ltd. agreed to buy a stake worth 45 billion yuan ($6.5 billion) in the company earlier in March.11. Crédit Agricole GroupTotal Assets: $2.313 trillionCrédit Agricole Group  sometimes called La banque verte due to its historical ties to farming  is a French international banking group and the world's largest cooperative financial institution. It is France's second largest bank  after BNP Paribas  with around 147 000 employees  53 million customers  and operations in 47 countries. The structure consists of a network of Crédit Agricole local banks  39 Crédit Agricole regional banks  and a central institute  the Crédit Agricole S.A. The bank is listed through Crédit Agricole S.A.  an intermediate holding company  on Euronext Paris' first market and is part of the CAC 40 stock market index.10. Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C)Total Assets: $2.455 trillionCitigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) or Citi is an American multinational investment bank and financial services corporation headquartered in New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998. One of the largest banks in the world by assets  Citigroup  Inc. (NYSE:C) has a global operational presence  with operations across the Middle East  Europe  Asia  and Africa. While it is likely to face headwinds should a recession occur in 2023  as is the case with many big banks based in the U.S.  Citigroup  Inc. (NYSE:C) has substantial quality earnings potential.9. China Development BankTotal Assets: $2.69 trillionThe China Development Bank (CDB) is a development bank in the People's Republic of China  led by a cabinet minister at the Governor level  under the direct jurisdiction of the State Council. One of the largest banks in the world  it operates as a government development bank  hence providing deposits  loans  financing  bond issuance  investment  treasury operation  and other services. As of 2021  the CDB had around 9 000 employees.8. BNP ParibasTotal Assets: $2.845 trillionBNP Paribas is a French multinational universal bank and financial services holding company. It was founded in 2000 from the merger of Banque Nationale de Paris and Paribas  formerly known as the Banque de Paris et des Pays-Bas. BNP Paribas organizes its businesses into three main operating divisions: Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB)  Commercial  Personal Banking & Services (CPBS) and Investment & Protection Services (IPS). The largest French bank  and one of the largest banks in the world with total assets amounting to $2.85 trillion  BNP Paribas has around 190 000 employees and operations in 65 countries.7. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group  Inc. (NYSE:MUFG)Total Assets: $2.96 trillionMitsubishi UFJ Financial Group  Inc. is a Japanese bank holding and financial services company headquartered in Chiyoda  Tokyo  Japan. It is Japan's largest financial group and one of the largest banks in the world holding approximately $2.96 trillion in total assets. It operates as the bank holding company for MUFG Bank  providing financial products and services in Japan  the United States  Europe  Asia/Oceania  and internationally.6. Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC)Total Assets: $3.194 trillionThe Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) is an American multinational investment bank and financial services holding company headquartered at the Bank of America Corporate Center in Charlotte  North Carolina  with investment banking and auxiliary headquarters in Manhattan. Following JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM)  Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) operates as the second largest American bank in terms of assets. According to Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC)’s Q1 2023 Earnings Call Transcript  the corporation's revenue grew by 13%  which was led by a 25% improvement in net interest income  coupled with strong 9% growth in sales and trading results.Click to see and continue reading 5 Largest Banks in the World by Assets.Suggested Articles:Disclosure. None: The 25 Largest Banks in the World by Assets is originally published on Insider Monkey.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.05,0.09,0.86,True,English,"['25 Largest Banks', 'World', 'Assets', 'negative interest rate policy', 'three billion Swiss francs', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Grp', 'Credit Suisse Group AG', 'JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon', 'Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group', 'expanding alternative finance industry', 'Global Systemically Important Banks', 'potential global financial crisis', 'Several other eurozone banks', 'Mizuho Financial Group', 'global financial system', 'nonbank financial institutions', 'UBS Group AG', 'disruptive fintech players', 'extraordinary competitive advantage', 'a trillion dollars', 'digital payments options', '123RF Stock Photo', 'previous three months', 'large technology companies', 'Large tech companies', 'other fintech companies', 'largest financial institutions', 'International Monetary Fund', 'high-risk hedge funds', 'mobile banking applications', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', '25. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellsc', 'domestic lending sector', 'consolidated domestic assets', 'full-scale bank run', 'The United States', 'three largest banks', 'four largest banks', 'US banking assets', 'financial services', 'global leaders', 'Banking Crisis', 'several policymakers', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'other side', 'potential changes', 'banking industry', 'public companies', 'international operations', '5 Largest Banks', 'pension funds', 'mutual funds', 'largest economy', 'banking sector', 'shadow banking', 'commercial banking', 'corporate banking', 'modern banking', 'Signature Bank', 'bank failures', 'central Bank', 'biggest banks', 'dramatic year', 'subsequent crash', 'Market panic', 'subsequent acquisition', 'mere moments', 'NYSE:DB', 'traditional banks', 'stricter regulation', '2022 shareholder report', 'shadow banks', 'diminishing role', 'enormous resources', 'proprietary systems', 'colossal enterprises', 'balance sheets', 'wide array', 'capital markets', 'asset management', 'U.S.', 'second place', 'third place', 'rising demand', 'NYSE:JPM', 'Citigroup Inc.', 'Wells Fargo', 'America Corporation', 'January-March quarter', 'NYSE:SMFG', 'highest profits', 'client engagements', 'controlled expenses', 'bad loans', 'profit growth', 'immediate termination', 'lackluster performance', 'previous article', 'significant assets', 'total assets', 'various entities', 'growing competition', 'numerous megabanks', 'look', 'world', 'SVB', 'Europe', 'downfall', 'Switzerland', 'list', 'G-SIBs', 'pressure', 'investors', 'shares', 'masse', 'focus', 'warning', 'insurers', 'environment', 'issue', 'fintechs', 'pace', 'size', 'activity', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'customers', 'data', 'home', 'position', 'GDP', 'China', 'Japan', 'decades', 'effort', 'neobanks', 'Co.', 'Company', 'BAC', 'spending', '1.9% expansion', 'economists', 'Bloomberg', 'MUFG', 'years', 'upswing', 'Copyright', 'Methodology', 'information']",2023-06-24,2023-06-25,finance.yahoo.com
26665,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40249643,EU wheat falls back with Chicago on rain prospects  demand gloom,PARIS: Euronext wheat slid on Friday  retreating from a two-month high as negative export sentiment and rain hopes for parched US and European crops cooled grain markets after a rally this week.,PARIS: Euronext wheat slid on Friday  retreating from a two-month high as negative export sentiment and rain hopes for parched US and European crops cooled grain markets after a rally this week.September wheat on Paris-based Euronext was down 1.6% at 247.00 euros ($268.76) a metric ton at 1508 GMT. The contract had reached a two-month peak at 253.00 euros on Thursday.Forecasts showing greater chances of rain in dry corn and soybean belts in the US Midwest  a stronger dollar and sluggish weekly US exports encouraged profit-taking in Chicago. “The buying wave ran out of momentum amid considerations that it is early days yet for US crops ” consultancy CRM Agri said  adding: “Russia’s huge carryover stocks kept a lid on European wheat prices.”Export sentiment in western Europe was dented this week by a tender purchase by Algeria expected to be mainly sourced from Russia. Ample supplies of cheaper Russian wheat have tempered reaction to further signs that a Black Sea grain corridor from war-torn Ukraine may not be extended beyond mid-July. The return of rain to northern Europe eased crop worries  though some yield potential is thought to have been lost. Rain fell throughout Germany on Thursday night and Friday. “This will be positive in many areas but comes too late to prevent crop losses after dryness in the east and north ” a German trader said.In Poland  export prices rose sharply  with tighter availability of wheat at a time of brisk port loadings. “Export shipments are strong ” a Polish trader said. “Ukrainian grains are not coming in large volumes anymore due to complicated transit procedures  and Polish supplies are difficult to buy because farmers are not selling.” Polish 12.5% protein new crop wheat quoted at around 1 065 zloty (240.1 euros) a metric ton for August/September delivery to ports  up 10 zloty this week.In Gdynia  two ships are each loading about 30 000 metric tons of wheat for multinational trading houses to undisclosed destinations. One ship left Gdynia with 55 000 metric tons for Nigeria  and another will load 27 500 metric tons expected to be for the United States.In Szczecin  two ships are also each loading 33 000 metric tons for unknown destinations while in Swinoujscie another is loading 33 000 metric tons for North Africa.,neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['EU wheat', 'rain prospects', 'Chicago', 'demand', 'gloom', 'Polish 12.5% protein new crop wheat', 'Black Sea grain corridor', 'sluggish weekly US exports', 'huge carryover stocks', 'complicated transit procedures', 'multinational trading houses', 'cheaper Russian wheat', 'negative export sentiment', 'European wheat prices', 'grain markets', 'crop worries', 'crop losses', 'Polish trader', 'Polish supplies', 'export prices', 'European crops', 'Euronext wheat', 'September wheat', 'US Midwest', 'US crops', 'Export shipments', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'greater chances', 'dry corn', 'soybean belts', 'stronger dollar', 'buying wave', 'early days', 'CRM Agri', 'western Europe', 'tender purchase', 'Ample supplies', 'war-torn Ukraine', 'northern Europe', 'yield potential', 'many areas', 'German trader', 'tighter availability', 'port loadings', 'Ukrainian grains', 'large volumes', 'August/September delivery', 'two ships', '30,000 metric tons', 'undisclosed destinations', 'One ship', '55,000 metric tons', '27,500 metric tons', 'United States', '33,000 metric tons', 'unknown destinations', 'two-month peak', 'Thursday night', 'North Africa', 'rain hopes', 'Friday', 'parched', 'rally', '247.00 euros', '1508 GMT', 'contract', '253.00 euros', 'Forecasts', 'profit-taking', 'Chicago', 'momentum', 'considerations', 'consultancy', 'lid', 'Algeria', 'reaction', 'signs', 'mid-July', 'return', 'Germany', 'dryness', 'east', 'Poland', 'farmers', '1,065 zloty', 'Gdynia', 'Nigeria', 'Szczecin', 'Swinoujscie', '0.1']",2023-06-25,2023-06-25,brecorder.com
26666,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40249641/ice-canola-futures-drop,ICE canola futures drop,ICE canola futures dropped on Friday for a second straight day  weighed down spill-over pressure from weaker US crops on forecasts for beneficial rains in the US Midwest. Canola on the Canadian Prairies needs more consistent moisture ,WINNIPEG  (Manitoba): ICE canola futures dropped on Friday for a second straight day  weighed down spill-over pressure from weaker US crops on forecasts for beneficial rains in the US Midwest.Canola on the Canadian Prairies needs more consistent moisture  but is progressing OK overall  a trader said. Most-active November canola lost $10 to settle at $705.10 per metric ton. July-November canola spread  the most active inter-month spread  traded 4 110 times.Chicago Board of Trade corn and soybean futures fell to one-week lows as weather projections pointed to significant rain in parts of the Midwest  which analysts said could bolster crop conditions. Euronext August rapeseed futures also dropped. Industry sources expect  on average  Statistics Canada on Wednesday to estimate Canadian canola plantings of 21.8 million acres  up from 21.4 million last year.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['ICE canola futures', 'second straight day', 'active inter-month spread', 'weaker US crops', 'July-November canola spread', 'Canadian canola plantings', 'ICE canola futures', 'Canadian Prairies', 'beneficial rains', 'US Midwest', 'consistent moisture', 'Chicago Board', 'Trade corn', 'soybean futures', 'one-week lows', 'weather projections', 'significant rain', 'crop conditions', 'Industry sources', '21.8 million acres', 'WINNIPEG', 'Manitoba', 'Friday', 'spill', 'pressure', 'forecasts', 'trader', 'ton', 'parts', 'analysts', 'Euronext', 'Canada', 'Wednesday']",2023-06-25,2023-06-25,brecorder.com
26667,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,2/ On June 22  2023  Euronext reaffirmed its position as one of the world's leading centers for financial innovatio… https://t.co/RbuCVIopOs,nan,2/ On June 22  2023  Euronext reaffirmed its position as one of the world's leading centers for financial innovatio… https://t.co/RbuCVIopOs,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['leading centers', 'financial innovatio', 'June', 'Euronext', 'position', 'world', 'RbuCVIopOs', 'leading centers', 'financial innovatio', 'June', 'Euronext', 'position', 'world', 'RbuCVIopOs']",2023-06-25,2023-06-25,Unknown
26668,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,1/ Born as the first stock exchange in the world in 1602  Euronext Amsterdam has played a significant role in globa… https://t.co/xultb6H4RO,nan,1/ Born as the first stock exchange in the world in 1602  Euronext Amsterdam has played a significant role in globa… https://t.co/xultb6H4RO,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.01,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.01,True,English,"['first stock exchange', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'significant role', 'world', 'globa', '160', 'first stock exchange', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'significant role', 'world', 'globa', '160']",2023-06-25,2023-06-25,Unknown
26669,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,All short positions closed in TGS ASA at Mar 7  2022:- patrick SULLIVAN @ 0.94% (1 106 964 shares)#oslobors #stock #short #euronext,nan,All short positions closed in TGS ASA at Mar 7  2022:- patrick SULLIVAN @ 0.94% (1 106 964 shares)#oslobors #stock #short #euronext,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['short positions', 'TGS ASA', 'patrick SULLIVAN', 'Mar', '106 964 shares', 'oslobors', 'stock', 'euronext', 'short positions', 'TGS ASA', 'patrick SULLIVAN', 'Mar', '106 964 shares', 'oslobors', 'stock', 'euronext']",2023-06-25,2023-06-25,Unknown
26670,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#virginGalactic Space stock for the Future. #euronext Future money.The Space Age has started.https://t.co/Ym87OvMRcC,nan,#virginGalactic Space stock for the Future. #euronext Future money.The Space Age has started.https://t.co/Ym87OvMRcC,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['The Space Age', 'Future', 'Ym87OvMRcC', 'The Space Age', 'Future', 'Ym87OvMRcC']",2023-06-25,2023-06-25,Unknown
26671,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,The price of EURONEXT:AAVE suddenly skyrocketed by ~30 % in the past 10 hours  which seems to be related to the wha… https://t.co/lpLodeWIZs,nan,The price of EURONEXT:AAVE suddenly skyrocketed by ~30 % in the past 10 hours  which seems to be related to the wha… https://t.co/lpLodeWIZs,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['EURONEXT:AAVE', 'past 10 hours', 'price', 'lpLodeWIZs', 'EURONEXT:AAVE', 'past 10 hours', 'price', 'lpLodeWIZs']",2023-06-25,2023-06-25,Unknown
26672,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Alongside the NYSE and Nasdag  the LSE  TSE  and Euronext are prominent global stock exchanges that provide a wide… https://t.co/h9ClOvSEnw,nan,Alongside the NYSE and Nasdag  the LSE  TSE  and Euronext are prominent global stock exchanges that provide a wide… https://t.co/h9ClOvSEnw,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['prominent global stock exchanges', 'NYSE', 'Nasdag', 'LSE', 'TSE', 'Euronext', 'prominent global stock exchanges', 'NYSE', 'Nasdag', 'LSE', 'TSE', 'Euronext']",2023-06-25,2023-06-25,Unknown
26673,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Bitcoin equities ETF hits Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange https://t.co/OFOqBAxYRg June 25  2023 at 03:40AM… https://t.co/ePMXFbZmJ3,nan,Bitcoin equities ETF hits Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange https://t.co/OFOqBAxYRg June 25  2023 at 03:40AM… https://t.co/ePMXFbZmJ3,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'Bitcoin equities ETF', 'OFOqBAxYRg', '03', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'Bitcoin equities ETF', 'OFOqBAxYRg', '03']",2023-06-25,2023-06-25,Unknown
26674,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Bitcoin equities ETF hits Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange https://t.co/vXqMLQ62E1,nan,#Bitcoin equities ETF hits Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange https://t.co/vXqMLQ62E1,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'vXqMLQ62E1', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'vXqMLQ62E1']",2023-06-24,2023-06-25,Unknown
