UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
39120,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERIAURA-GROUP-OYJ-39436098/news/Meriaura-Group-Oyj-Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Meriaura-Group-Plc-46413510/,Meriaura Group Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Meriaura Group Plc.,(marketscreener.com) Meriaura Group Plc Company Release                           11 April 2024 at 13.30 Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Meriaura Group Plc. Notice is given to the shareholders of Meriaura Group Plc. to the Annual...https://www.markets…,Meriaura Group PlcCompany Release 11 April 2024 at 13.30 (CET)Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Meriaura Group Plc.Notice is given to the shareholders of Meriaura Group Plc. to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  3 May 2024 at 9.30 (EET) at Scandic Simonkenttä’s Mansku meeting room  address Simonkatu 9  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9.00 (EET).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts that includes group annual accounts and annual report as well as the auditor's report for the year 2023- Review by the CEO7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Loss shown on the balance sheet and resolution on the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes that the net profit of EUR 7 844 371.11 be transferred to retained earnings / loss account and that no dividend be paid.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO10. Resolution on remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 63 41% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that the members of the Board of Directors to be elected be paid the following remuneration for the term that begins at the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting: EUR 21 600 for the Chairman of the Board and EUR 10 800 for each of the other members of the Board.According to the proposal approximately 40 per cent of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid by giving to the Board members company's new shares based on the Board of Directors’ share issue authorization and approximately 60 per cent in cash. Cash portion of the remuneration is proposed to be paid in 12 monthly instalments to the extent it exceeds the amount of tax withholding from the remuneration. The number of remuneration shares will be determined on the basis of the value of the company's share in First North Growth Market Finland as follows: the volume weighted average price of the Meriaura Group Plc’s share within two (2) weeks following the publication of the half-year report for the period 1 January - 30 June 2024 will be used as the value of share.Alternatively  if so resolved by the Board of Directors  the remuneration shares can be purchased in the name of and on behalf of the Board members. In such case the company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the company shares.If the shares cannot be given due to insider regulations during the before mentioned time periods  the shares shall be given outright once it is possible in accordance with the insider regulations in force at that time. Members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer the shares obtained as remuneration before their membership in the Board has endedIt is also proposed the members of the Board of Directors are reimbursed for reasonable travel and lodging costs. Travel and lodging costs are not compensated to those members of the Board of Directors who reside in the greater Helsinki area when the meetings are held in the greater Helsinki area.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 63 41% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that five (5) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 63 33% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that Mr. Jussi Mälkiä  Mr. Ville Jussila and Ms. Kati Ihamäki of the current members of the Board of Directors be re-elected and Mr. Patrik Rautaheimo and Mr. Antti Vehviläinen be elected as new members of the Board of Directors according to their consents. The term of office of the members of the Board of Directors ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.Patrik Rautaheimo (Doctor of Science (Technology)  born 1969)Patrik Rautaheimo is chairman of the Board in Elomatic and Finnish Marine Industries Association. He has earlier worked as CEO of Elomatic in years 2016-2023 and SVP Design & Engineering in Turku Yards 2008-2013. Rautaheimo is also member of Board in Napa Oy  Cadmatic Oy ja Turku Chamber of Commerce.Antti Vehviläinen (MSc  Business administration and economics; MBA  Henley  born 1955)Antti Vehviläinen retired 2018 as Director General of Finnish Transport Agency but continues logistics consulting as Senior Advisor in Firma JEITO. He is chairman of the Board in A-Laiturit Group Oy. Vehviläinen acted as Director General of FTA in years 2013-2017 being responsible for all transport infrastructure (road/rail/maritime) in Finland. In years 1987-2012 he was responsible for the global supply chain of Storaenso Oyj  multinational forest products company. Vehviläinen has had administrative and marketing management positions both in Finnish and international shipping companies 1978-1986  living e.g. in Brazil and Germany. He has had several BoD seats both in Finnish and foreign companies as well as in international logistics organisations.All other proposed Board members except Jussi Mälkiä and Ville Jussila are independent from the company. All other proposed members except Jussi Mälkiä and Ville Jussila are independent of significant shareholders.13. Resolution on remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor’s fees be paid according to the auditor’s reasonable invoice approved by the company.14. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that auditing firm KPMG Oy Ab be re-elected as the company's auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that the principal auditor will be Mr. Henry Maarala  Authorised Public Accountant. The term of office of the auditor ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.15. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  options and other special rightsThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more transactions  on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 500 000 000 shares.The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuances of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue)  if there is a weighty financial reason for the company.Shares may be conveyed either against payment or free of charge in the company’s share issues. A directed share issue may be a share issue without payment only if there is an especially weighty reason for the same both for the company and in regard to the interests of all shareholders in the company.The authorization is valid until 30 June 2026  and it replaces the authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting on 25 November 2022.16. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe annual report of Meriaura Group Plc. that includes company’s annual accounts  group annual accounts  annual report and the auditor's report as well as this notice including the proposals made to the General Meeting are available on Meriaura Group Plc.’s website at meriauragroup.com. The documents mentioned above are also available at the meeting. Minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as from 17 May 2024 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 22 April 2024 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 30 April 2024 at 16.00  by which time the registration shall be received. The registration may take place:at Meriaura Group Plc.’s website at meriauragroup.com/investors; by e-mail to address generalmeeting@meriaura.com; by phone to number +358 10 271 0810 (Tue-Fri at 9 a.m.-3 p.m. (EET)) or by mail to Meriaura Group Plc.  General Meeting  Eerikinkatu 26  20100 Turku  Finland.In connection with the registration a shareholder shall notify his/her/its name  personal identification number  address  email address and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Meriaura Group Plc. is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations and for shareholder communication. Shareholder  his/her/its representative or proxy representative shall  when necessary  be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or right of representation.2. Nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on 22 April 2024  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on 30 April 2024 by 10.00 (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her/its custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time mentioned above.3. Shares registered at Euroclear Sweden ABShareholder whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who wants to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall be registered at the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 22 April 2024 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request for temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of Meriaura Group Plc. held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  a shareholder of nominee-registered shares shall request that his/her/its shares are temporarily registered under his/her/its own name in the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB and to ensure that the custodian bank will send the above-mentioned request for temporary registration to Euroclear Sweden AB. The registration shall be made on 22 April 2024 at the latest  and therefore a shareholder shall give the request to his/her/its custodian bank in good time prior to the above date.Shareholder  whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who intends to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall request for a temporary registration of his/her shares to the shareholder’s register of Meriaura Group Plc. held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The request to Meriaura Group Plc. shall be made in written at the latest on 23 April 2024 at 10.00 Swedish time. The temporary registration through Meriaura Group Plc. constitutes a due registration to the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise provide reliable evidence of the right to represent the shareholder. The authorization applies to one meeting  unless otherwise stated. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to in originals to Meriaura Group Plc.  General Meeting  Eerikinkatu 26  20100 Turku  Finland before the end of the registration period.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.The language of the meeting is Finnish. Part of the material to be presented in the meeting may be in English.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  11 April 2024  the total number of shares in Meriaura Group Plc. is 866 801 277. Each share carries one vote at General Meeting.In Turku  11 April 2024MERIAURA GROUP PLCBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Meriaura Group PlcManaging Director Kirsi SuopeltoPhone: +358 50 560 2349E-mail: kirsi.suopelto@meriaura.comMeriaura Group in briefMeriaura Group has two business areas: Marine Logistics and Renewable Energy.Marine Logistics business is carried out by Meriaura Ltd  which is a major provider of transport for bulk cargo and demanding project deliveries in Northern Europe  especially in the Baltic Sea and North Sea regions. The company provides its customers with competitive and low-emission marine transport services  based on long-term affreightment agreements  modern fleet  and active development of its operational sustainability. In addition  Meriaura has a strong market position in the marine logistics in renewable energy construction projects.The Marine Logistics business also includes VG-EcoFuel Ltd which produces biofuels from bio-oils and recycled oils generated as industrial by-products.The Renewable Energy business focuses on comprehensive clean energy systems. Meriaura Energy Ltd designs and delivers clean energy production systems as comprehensive deliveries for industrial use and district heating. The energy production is based on large-scale solar thermal systems implemented using high-performance solar thermal collectors manufactured by the company. The Renewable Energy business also includes Rasol Ltd  specialised in delivering high-quality solar power systems for real estates  companies and solar parks.Meriaura Group’s share is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden as MERIS and on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland as MERIH.www.meriauragroup.comThe Company’s Certified Adviser is Augment Partners AB  info@augment.se  tel. +46 8 604 22 55.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['Meriaura Group Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Meriaura Group Plc.', 'Notice', 'First North Growth Market Finland', 'Meriaura Group Plc Company Release', 'volume weighted average price', 'Ms. Kati Ihamäki', 'Mr. Jussi Mälkiä', 'Finnish Marine Industries Association', 'Mr. Antti Vehviläinen', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Directors’ share issue authorization', 'Meriaura Group Plc.', 'Mr. Ville Jussila', 'Finnish Transport Agency', 'A-Laiturit Group Oy', 'Cadmatic Oy ja', 'group annual accounts', 'greater Helsinki area', 'Mansku meeting room', 'Mr. Patrik Rautaheimo', 'Napa Oy', 'Director General', 'Board members company', 'annual report', 'Scandic Simonkenttä', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'net profit', '63,41% per cent', '40 per cent', '60 per cent', '12 monthly instalments', 'tax withholding', 'two (2) weeks', 'transfer tax', 'insider regulations', '63,33% per cent', 'SVP Design', 'Turku Yards', 'Turku Chamber', 'Business administration', 'logistics consulting', 'Senior Advisor', 'Firma JEITO.', 'half-year report', 'lodging costs', 'loss account', 'Cash portion', 'time periods', 'reasonable travel', 'other members', 'five (5) members', 'current members', 'new members', 'new shares', 'following remuneration', 'company shares', 'The Board', 'remuneration shares', 'CET', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Friday', 'May', 'address', 'Simonkatu', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'resolution', 'payment', 'dividends', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'liability', 'term', 'Chairman', 'proposal', 'extent', 'amount', 'number', 'basis', 'value', 'publication', '1 January', '30 June', 'name', 'behalf', 'case', 'purchase', 'accordance', 'force', 'membership', 'meetings', 'consents', 'office', 'closing', 'Doctor', 'Science', 'Technology', 'Elomatic', 'years', 'Engineering', 'Commerce', 'MSc', 'economics', 'MBA', 'Henley', 'FTA', 'respon', '13.30', '9.30']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39121,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861724/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-Number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-March-31-2024.html,BUREAU VERITAS - Number of shares and voting rights as of March 31  2024,REGULATED INFORMATION  Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – April 11  2024  Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulated by article 223-16 of...,REGULATED INFORMATIONNeuilly-sur-Seine  France – April 11  2024Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulatedby article 223-16 of the general regulations of theFrench financial markets authority AMFIssuer: Bureau VeritasDate Number of shares(1) Number of voting rights 31/03/2024453 936 145Theoretical number of voting rights: 624 008 426Number of exercisable voting rights: 623 857 814(1) including the new shares issued in Euroclear as a result of the exercise of stock options since January 1  2024  if any.Bureau Veritas Head Office Tel: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 00 Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 01 (Limited liability corporation) 40/52 boulevard du Parc www.bureauveritas.com Share capital of EUR 54 464 582.40 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine RCS Nanterre 775 690 621 FranceAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['BUREAU VERITAS', 'voting rights', 'Number', 'shares', 'March', 'Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax', 'French financial markets authority', '40/52 boulevard du Parc', 'Bureau Veritas Head Office', 'Limited liability corporation', 'Seine RCS Nanterre', 'exercisable voting rights', 'general regulations', 'AMF Issuer', 'stock options', 'Share capital', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'France Attachment', 'Date Number', 'Theoretical number', 'new shares', 'April', 'article', 'Euroclear', 'result', 'exercise', 'January', 'bureauveritas', 'Neuilly', '33', '1']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39122,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861596/0/en/Notice-to-attend-the-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Auriant-Mining-AB.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Auriant Mining AB,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Auriant Mining AB (publ)  The shareholders in Auriant Mining AB (publ)  reg. no 556659-4833  are hereby......,"Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Auriant Mining AB (publ)The shareholders in Auriant Mining AB (publ)  reg. no 556659-4833  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 14  2024 at 14:00 (CEST) at Mangold  Nybrogatan 55  114 40 Stockholm. The entrance to the meeting and registration will open at 13:30 (CEST).Right to participate and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate at the Annual General Meeting must:be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on May 3  2024  notify the company of their intention to participate in the meeting by post at address Auriant Mining AB (publ)  Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden  by telephone +46(0)8-624 26 80 or by email to agm@auriant.se no later than May 7  2024. The notification shall set forth name or company name  personal identity number or corporate identity number  address  telephone number  the number of shares held  and  if applicable  information about assistants (no more than two).Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in order to be able to participate at the general meeting and exercise their voting right  temporarily re-register the shares in their own name in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (so-called voting right registration). When preparing the share register for the general meeting per the record date  May 3  2024 voting right registrations completed by the nominee no later than May 7  2024 will be considered. This means that the shareholders must request that the nominee completes such voting right registration well in advance of May 7  2024.Proxy etc.Shareholders represented by proxy must issue a power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the legal entity's certificate of registration  showing who has authority to issue the power of attorney  must be enclosed. The original version of the power of attorney and  if applicable  the certificate of registration  should well in advance of the general meeting  be sent to Auriant Mining AB (publ)  Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden. The power of attorney must not be older than one year unless a longer validity term (however no longer than five years) is specifically stated in the power of attorney. A proxy form is available on the company's website  www.auriant.se .PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the Annual General Meeting Election of the chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes of the meeting Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and audit report and the consolidated accounts and group audit report and in connection with this  report by the auditor regarding the audit work Resolution on: adoption of profit and loss account and balance sheet and consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet; allocation regarding the company’s profit/loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet; and discharge of liability for the board members and the CEO Resolution on the number of board members  deputies and auditors Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor Election of board members and chairman of the board Election of auditor Resolution on the principles of appointment of nomination committee and instruction for the nomination committee Resolution regarding authorisation for the board of directors to resolve on issue of shares  warrants and/or convertibles Closing of the Annual General Meeting.PROPOSALS BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe nomination committee consisting of Per Åhlgren  chair of the committee (appointed by GoMobile Nu AB)  Risto Silander (appointed by Bertil Holdings Ltd)  and the chairman of the board of directors of Auriant Mining AB (publ) Lord Daresbury (Peter) (the ""Nomination Committee"")  have submitted the following proposals:2. Election of the chairman of the meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Per Åhlgren  or in case of his impediment  the person instead appointed by the Nomination Committee  be appointed chairman of the Annual General Meeting.9. Resolution on the number of board members  deputies and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board shall consist of four (4) members without any deputy board member. Furthermore  the nomination committee purposes that the company shall have one auditor  without a deputy auditor.10. Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors and the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the remuneration to the chairman of the board shall be SEK 440 000 and SEK 275 000 to each of the other board members. If any committee is established by the board  it is proposed that remuneration to each member of the committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 27 500 per annum for participation in it. The proposed remunerations represent a 10 percent increase compared to 2023. The maximum amount of remuneration payable to the board  including remuneration for work in committees  is SEK 1 512 500.The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor’s fees be approved in line with agreement between the company and the auditor.11. Election of board members  deputies and chairman of the boardThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Peter Daresbury  Thor Åhlgren  Preston Haskell and Jukka Pitkäjärvi as members of the board. The Nomination Committee proposes that Peter Daresbury be re-elected as the chairman of the board.12. Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the authorised public accountant Johan Kaijser as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.13. Resolution on the principles of appointment of the nomination committee and instruction for the nomination committeeThe Nomination Committee proposes that the principles of appointment of the nomination committee and the instruction for the nomination committee  approved by the Annual General Meeting on May 16  2023  shall remain unchanged. The principles of appointment of the nomination committee and the instruction for the nomination committee shall apply for the time being until a resolution to change them is made by the general meeting.PROPOSALS BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS8 b) Resolution on allocation regarding the company’s profit/loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors and the managing director propose that the year's result shall be carried forward.14. Resolution regarding authorisation for the board of directors to resolve on issue of shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the board to resolve – at one or several occasions and for the time period until the next annual general meeting – to increase the company’s share capital by new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles. The number of shares that may be issued and the number of shares that shall be possible to convert/subscribe for may amount to a number of shares resulting in a dilution of not more than 20 percent of the number of shares outstanding at the time of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  after full exercise of the hereby proposed authorisation.New issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. Pursuant to Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors may not by virtue of this authorisation resolve on issues to board members in group companies  employees  etc. The purpose of the authorisation is to increase the financial flexibility of the company and the acting scope of the board. Should the board of directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholder’s preferential rights  the reason shall be to enable the company to finance the operations in a fast and efficient way  acquire companies  businesses or parts thereof  or to broaden the ownership of the company. Upon such deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions.The board of directors or the CEO shall have the right to make such minor adjustments in this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the authorisation with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to other formal requirements.Majority requirementsResolution in accordance with item 14 above requires approval of at least two thirds (2/3) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting.Documentation etc.The annual report  the auditor's report and other supporting documentation for resolutions will be available at Bryngelshusgatan 127  302 47 Halmstad  Sweden  and the company's website  www.auriant.se   no later than three weeks prior to the general meeting and will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.This notice is an unofficial translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Shareholders' right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right to request information from the board of directors and managing director in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.Use of personal dataFor information regarding the processing of your personal data  please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear Sweden AB's website:www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .Auriant Minig AB (publ) has corporate registration number 556659-4833 and its registered office is in Stockholm._________________Stockholm in April 2024Auriant Mining AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Danilo Lange  CEOtel: +7 495 109 02 82e-mail: d.lange@auriant.comCompany name: Auriant Mining ABShort name: AURISIN-code: SE0001337213Website: www.auriant.comAuriant Mining AB (AUR) is a Swedish junior mining company focused on gold exploration and production in Russia  primarily in the Republic of Tyva  Zabaikalye and the Republic of Khakassia. The company has currently four assets  including two operating mines (Tardan and Alluvial at Staroverinskaya)  one early stage exploration asset and one development asset.Since July 19  2010  Auriant Mining´s shares are traded on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market under the short name AUR. For more information  please visit www.auriant.com . G&W Fondkommission is Certified Adviser to Auriant  for more information please visit www.gwkapital.se .Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Auriant Mining AB', 'Notice', 'Annual General Meeting Election', 'longer validity term', 'GoMobile Nu AB', 'Bertil Holdings Ltd', 'Auriant Mining AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registrations', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'group audit report', 'audit work Resolution', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'other board members', 'The Nomination Committee', 'deputy board member', 'nomination committee Resolution', 'annual report', 'voting list', 'consolidated accounts', 'agenda Election', 'four (4) members', 'meeting Preparation', 'share register', 'record date', 'legal entity', 'original version', 'five years', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'two persons', 'loss account', 'Risto Silander', 'Lord Daresbury', 'deputy auditor', '10 percent increase', 'board Election', 'consolidated profit', 'CEO Resolution', 'auditor Election', 'one year', 'following proposals', 'telephone number', 'proxy form', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'one auditor', 'Per Åhlgren', 'company name', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'May', 'Mangold', 'Nybrogatan', 'Stockholm', 'entrance', 'participation', 'intention', 'post', 'address', 'Bryngelshusgatan', 'Halmstad', 'email', 'agm', 'notification', 'information', 'assistants', 'order', 'advance', 'power', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'authority', 'website', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'connection', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit/loss', 'accordance', 'discharge', 'liability', 'deputies', 'auditors', 'remuneration', 'directors', 'principles', 'appointment', 'instruction', 'authorisation', 'issue', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closing', 'Peter', 'case', 'impediment', 'amount', 'SEK', '14:00']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39123,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INCAP-OYJ-1412466/news/Incap-Corporation-Notice-to-convene-Annual-General-Meeting-46414093/,Incap Corporation: Notice to convene Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)      English   Finnish                   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INCAP-OYJ-1412466/news/Incap-Corporation-Notice-to-convene-Annual-General-Meeting-46414093/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=202404…,Notice is given to the shareholders of Incap Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  10 May 2024  at 10:00 a.m. EEST at Lapland Hotels Bulevardi  Bulevardi 28  00120 Helsinki  Finland (conference room Lempi).The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9:30 a.m.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the year 2023Presentation of the CEO's reviewThe Annual and Sustainability Report published by the company on 5 April 2024  which includes the company's Annual Accounts  Consolidated Annual Accounts and the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report  is available on the company's website at https://incapcorp.com/reports-and-presentations/.7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendIncap is focusing on organic and inorganic growth with a robust M&A pipeline  thus the Board of Directors of Incap Corporation proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2023.Shareholders who represent more than 30 per cent of the shares and votes have notified the company that they will support Board of Directors´ proposal in the Annual General Meeting.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January-31 December 202310. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approve the 2023 Remuneration Report for governing bodies.The Remuneration Report 2023  which describes the implementation of the company's Remuneration Policy and presents information on the remuneration of the company's governing bodies for the financial year 2023  and which was published in connection with the company's Annual and Sustainability Report on 5 April 2024 is available on the company's website at https://incapcorp.com/remuneration-and-incentives/. The resolution concerning the adoption of the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Handling of the Remuneration Policy for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approve the Remuneration Policy for governing bodies.The current Remuneration Policy has been approved at the Annual General Meeting on 20 April 2020. The Board of Directors shall present the Remuneration Policy to the General Meeting at least once every four years  and whenever substantial changes are made to it.Annual General Meeting's resolution on the approval of the Remuneration Policy is advisory. The Remuneration Policy for governing bodies is attached to this notice and available on the company's website at https://incapcorp.com/annual-general-meeting-2024/.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders who represent more than 30 per cent of the shares and votes propose to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration remain unchanged and therefore the annual fee to be paid for the Chairman of the Board be EUR 65 000 and for the Board members EUR 35 000 and that it be paid in month-by-month. In addition to the annual fee  a meeting fee of EUR 300 per meeting is paid for the Board members and a meeting fee of EUR 400 per meeting for the Chairman of the Board of Directors for attendance at the meetings. Eventual travel expenses shall be compensated according to the travel regulations of the company.The Board of Directors additionally proposes that if the Board decides to establish separate Board Committees  the following fees are proposed for Committee work: meeting fee for Committee work for the Chairman of the Audit Committee EUR 1 000 per meeting and meeting fee for the Chairmen of other possible Committees and for members of all Committees EUR 500 per meeting.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders who represent more than 30 per cent of the shares and votes propose to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors be four (4).14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the present members of the Board of Directors Julianna Borsos  Kaisa Kokkonen  Carl-Gustaf von Troil and Ville Vuori be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.Kaisa Kokkonen  Carl-Gustaf von Troil and Ville Vuori are independent of the company and of significant shareholders of the company. Julianna Borsos is independent of the company and dependent of significant shareholders of the company. All persons have given their consent to the election.Information regarding the Board members is available on the company's website at https://incapcorp.com/board-of-directors/.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor and the authorised sustainability auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the auditor be paid against a reasonable invoice. The same is proposed to be applied to the auditor's remuneration for the assurance of the company's sustainability reporting for the financial year 2024.16. Election of the auditor and the authorised sustainability auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  a company of Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the auditor of the company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that the principally responsible auditor would be Ms. Maria Grönroos (APA). The term of the auditor will end at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting following the election.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy also acts as the authorised sustainability auditor of the company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has indicated that Maria Grönroos (Authorized Sustainability Auditor  KRT) will serve as the authorised sustainability auditor with principal responsibility.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide to issue new shares either against payment or without payment. The authorisation would be given to a maximum quantity of 2 943 721 new shares which represent approximately 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the company at the date of this notice.The new shares may be issued to the company's shareholders in proportion to their current shareholdings in the company or deviating from the shareholders' pre-emptive right through one or more directed share issues  if the company has a weighty financial reason to do so  such as developing the company's equity structure  implementing corporate transactions or other restructuring measures aimed at developing the company's business  financing of investments and business operations or using the shares as a part of the company's incentive systems. The Board of Directors would decide upon terms and scope related to share issues.Based on the authorisation  the Board of Directors can  pursuant to chapter 10  section 1  of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  also decide on issuing other special rights  either against payment or without payment  entitling to new shares of the company. The subscription price of the new shares can be recorded partly or fully in the invested unrestricted equity reserves or in equity in accordance with the decision of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is further entitled to decide on conditions regarding the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of other special rights entitling to shares.The proposed authorisations would be valid for one year from the resolution by the Annual General Meeting.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe above-mentioned proposals relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Incap Corporation's website at https://incapcorp.com/annual-general-meeting-2024/. The Annual and Sustainability Report of Incap Corporation  including the company's Annual Accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report  as well as the Remuneration Report and the Remuneration Policy are available on the above-mentioned website by 12 April 2024. The proposals for decisions and other above-mentioned documents are also available at the Annual General Meeting.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on 24 May 2024 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  26 April 2024  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company kept by Euroclear Finland Ltd  is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 12 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. EEST. A shareholder registered in the shareholders' register of the company who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register no later than 6 May 2024 at 4:00 p.m. EEST  by which time the registration must have been received. A shareholder can register for the General Meeting in the following manners:a) by e-mail to communications@incapcorp.comb) by mail to Incap Corporation  Bulevardi 21  00180 Helsinki  Finland.When registering  a shareholder is requested to provide information such as the name  personal identification number/business ID  address  e-mail address and telephone number of the shareholder as well as the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given by a shareholder to Incap Corporation will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  their possible authorised proxy representative or legal representative must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting upon request.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  26 April 2024  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting additionally requires that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been temporarily registered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. by 10:00 a.m. EEST on 7 May 2024 at the latest. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding temporary registration in the shareholder's register of the company  issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian. The account manager of the custodian has to temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders' register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. Further information on these matters is also available on the company's website at www.incapcorp.com.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.The shareholder's proxy representative must present a dated power of attorney  or they must otherwise prove in a reliable manner that they are entitled to represent the shareholder in the Annual General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting through several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be stated in connection with the registration.Possible proxy documents should be delivered by post to Incap Corporation  Bulevardi 21  00180 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to communications@incapcorp.com before the registration period ends. In addition to the delivery of the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.Information on the Annual General Meeting required by the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act is available on the company's website at https://incapcorp.com/general-meeting/.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares and votes in Incap Corporation is 29 437 214.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.In Helsinki  11 April 2024INCAP CORPORATIONBoard of Directors,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Incap Corporation', 'Notice', 'robust M&A pipeline', 'Carl-Gustaf von Troil', 'Eventual travel expenses', 'other possible Committees', 'Lapland Hotels Bulevardi', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'current Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'separate Board Committees', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual fee', 'travel regulations', 'meeting fee', 'conference room', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'inorganic growth', '30 per cent', 'governing bodies', 'substantial changes', 'following fees', 'Committee work', 'Audit Committee', 'Julianna Borsos', 'Kaisa Kokkonen', 'Ville Vuori', 'financial year', 'Sustainability Report', 'Incap Corporation', '2023 Remuneration Report', 'significant shareholders', 'present members', 'Directors´ proposal', 'Board members', '10:00 a', '9:30 a', 'Notice', 'Friday', 'May', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Lempi', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'CEO', 'review', 'company', '5 April', 'website', 'incapcorp', 'reports', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividend', 'shares', 'discharge', 'President', 'liability', 'Handling', 'implementation', 'information', 'connection', 'incentives', '20 April', 'approval', 'Chairman', 'month', 'addition', 'EUR', 'meetings', 'Chairmen', 'number', 'consent']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39124,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAVOTEC-SA-10879061/news/Cavotec-Notice-of-AGM-2024-46415711/,Cavotec : Notice of AGM 2024,(marketscreener.com)   To the Shareholders of Cavotec SA:   NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   To be held on Tuesday  June 4  2024  in Lugano  Switzerland at 10:00 CEST at Cavotec SA headquarters in Lugano  Switzerland     Shareholders are invi…,"Annual report  financial statements and consolidated financial statements for the year 2023  report of the Statutory AuditorsShareholders are invited to review the different ways to participate at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and cast their vote. Detailed information on this can be found in the ""Participation"" section of this invitation.To be held on Tuesday  June 4  2024  in Lugano  Switzerland at 10:00 CEST (doors open at 9:30 CEST) at Cavotec SA headquarters in Lugano  Switzerland (Corso Elvezia 16  6900 Lugano  Switzerland) 1The Board of Directors shall be authorized to increase the share capital in an amount not to exceed CHF 6'597'024.00 through the issuance of up to 9'424'320 fully paid registered shares with a par value of CHF 0.70 per share by not later than June 2  2024. Increases in partial amounts shall beGrant of Discharge from Liability to the Board of Directors and Persons entrusted with the Management from Activities during Business Year 2023Pursuant to Article 698 para. 2 item 4 CO and Article 12 para. 3 of the Articles of Association  the General Meeting of Shareholders is competent to resolve on the appropriation of earning.3The Board of Directors is authorized to withdraw or limit the subscription rights of shareholders and to allocate subscription rights to individual shareholders or third parties:The Board of Directors shall determine the amount of share capital to be issued  the type of contribution  the date of issue  the conditions governing the exercise of subscription rights and the commencement of dividend entitlement. The Board of Directors may issue new shares which are underwritten by a bank or other third party and subsequently offered to existing shareholders. The Board of Directors is authorised to restrict or to prohibit trading in the subscription rights to the new shares. In the event of subscription rights not being exercised  the Board of Directors may  at its discretion  either allow such rights to expire worthless  or place them or the shares to which they entitle their holders either at market prices or in some other manner commensurate with the interests of the Company.1The Board of Directors is authorised  to conduct one or more increases of the share capital at any time until 4 June 2026 up to the upper limit of CHF 82'155'943.00  corresponding to 117'365'633 registered shares with a par value of CHF 0.70 each to be fully paid up.The Board of Directors proposes the introduction of a new Article 4ter (see the wording of the proposed below) concerning a capital band not to exceed CHF 82'155'943.00 (ceiling)  which the Board of Directors is authorised until 4 June 2026 to increase the share capital on one or more occasions and in any amounts within the limit of CHF 82'155'943.00  in each case subject to certain restrictions and limitations  all as set out in the proposed new Article 4ter:for the issuance of shares to employees or directors of the Company or of the group companies pursuant to share based incentive plans approved by the Board of Directors.for the purpose of broadening the shareholder constituency in connection with a listing of shares on domestic or foreign stock exchanges or for the purpose of the participation of strategic partners; orfor the acquisition of an enterprise  parts of an enterprise  or participations  or for new investments  or  in case of a share placements  for the financing or refinancing of such transactions; or3The Board of Directors is further authorized to restrict or deny the pre-emptive rights of shareholders and allocate such rights to third parties if the shares are to be used:2The Board of Directors shall determine the date of issue of new shares  the issue price  the type of payment  the conditions for the exercise of pre-emptive rights  and the beginning date for dividend entitlement. In this regard  the Board of Directors may issue new shares by means of a firm underwriting (""Festübernahme"") through a banking institution  a syndicate or another third party with a subsequent offer of these shares to the shareholders. The Board of Directors may permit pre-emptive rights that have not been exercised to expire or it may place these rights and/or shares as to which pre-emptive rights have been granted but not exercised  at market conditions or use them for other purposes in the interest of the Company.2Il consiglio d'amministrazione determinerà il momento di emissione delle nuove azioni  il prezzo di emissione  il tipo di pagamento  le condizioni per l'esercizio dei diritti d'opzione e la data da cui si avrà diritto ai dividendi. In quest'ambito  il consiglio d'amministrazione può emettere nuove azioni per mezzo di una assunzione a fermo (""Festübernahme"") attraverso un istituto bancario  un sindacato di banche o un'altra terza parte con una conseguente offerta di queste azioni agli azionisti. Il consiglio d'amministrazione può far scadere diritti d'opzione che non sono ancora stati esercitati. Esso può inoltre allocare tali diritti e/o azioni - per cui sono stati accordati diritti d'opzione ma non sono stati esercitati - a condizioni di mercato o utilizzarli per altri scopi nell'interesse della Società.7. Amendments to the Articles of Association Please refer to the ""Documentation"" section below.To replace the authorized capital of Cavotec SA  which expires in June 2024  and is no longer renewable under the new Swiss Corporate Law  the Board of Directors proposes therefore the introduction of a capital band for a maximum of two years in the Articles of Association. In line with the previously existing authorized capital  the proposed ceiling of the capital band is to be set at 110% of the share capital currently registered in the commercial register. The maximum number of shares that can be issued will be regularly adjusted by the Board of Directors after a capital increase within the capital band. As with the previous authorized capital  the Board of Directors are also to be given the right under the capital band to cancel shareholders' subscription rights in connection with capital increases.The revision of Swiss Corporate Law introduced the so-called capital band  which from a practical perspective corresponds to the previous authorized capital that shall be eliminated. Under the capital band  the general meeting can authorize the Board of Directors to increase or decrease the share capital within a certain range - 150% (ceiling) to 50% (floor) are legally permitted - of the share capital registered in the commercial register upon the introduction of the capital band. The authorization is limited by law to five years. The general meeting has the right to directly cancel the subscription rights of the shareholders or can delegate this right to the Board of Directors  provided that the general meeting expressly nominates the reasons for the cancellation of the subscription rights in the Articles of Association.4If the share capital increases as a result of an increase from contingent share capital pursuant to art. 4quater  4quinquies  4sexies  4 septies  4octies  the upper limit of the capital band as well as the maximum number of new shares that can be issued out of the capital band shall increase in an amount corresponding to such increase in the share capital.of the new shares being placed nationally or internationally (including by way of private placement) at market conditions.for the issuance of shares to employees or directors of the Company or of the group companies pursuant to share based incentive plans approved by the Board of Directors; orof the new shares being used either to extend the shareholder base in conjunction with the listing of the shares on any stock exchange to increase the free float or for investment by strategic partners;of the new shares being used to acquire companies  partsnella misura in cui le azioni vengono utilizzate per l'acquisizione di società  divisioni aziendali o partecipazioni o per il finanziamento o il rifinanziamento di tali transazioni  in relazione a operazioni di partenariato e cooperazione strategica  per una raccolta rapida e flessibile di fondi tramite piazzamento di azioni  la conversione di prestiti o titoli in azioni  il finanziamento di nuovi2Both the members of the board of directors and of the executive board the CEO shall receive a fixed and  if applicable  a variable remuneration.1The members of the board of directors and of the executive board board members and the CEO shall be appropriately compensated for their services in view of their functions and responsibilities.VI. Remuneration and other Provisions Regarding the Board of Directors and of theMandates in associations  charitable organizations  foundations  trusts and employee welfare foundations. Members of the board of directors and2The members of the executive board CEO may not hold more than 3 additional mandates in listed companies and 5 in non-listedcompanies.Submission of a draft of the remuneration report to the board of directors.Reviewing of and making proposals to the board of directors on the remuneration of the members of the board of directors and of theReviewing the terms of the employment arrangements with members of the management so as to develop consistentIf a new member of the executive board CEO is appointed after the remuneration has been approved  the board of directors is authorized to use for a given year  in addition to any approved amount  an additional amount of 100% of the approved amount of the remuneration of the executive board CEO to remunerate any such new member of the executive board to the extent that the approved total remuneration for the member of the executive board CEO is not sufficient to also remunerate the memberthe remuneration for the board of directors for the period lasting until the next ordinary general meeting of shareholders;8The members of the board of directors and of the executive board the CEO shall be entitled to the reimbursement of all expenses incurred in the interests of the Company. In particular  but not limited to  the Company may reimburse the members of the board of directors and of the executive board the CEO for costs incurred in connection with court proceedings and grant respective advances or subscribe for insurance policies covering such risks. Such payments are not part of the remuneration.Ove venga nominato un nuovo membro della direzione CEO dopo l'approvazione della remunerazione  il consiglio d'amministrazione è autorizzato ad utilizzare  per un determinato esercizio  oltre ad ogni importo approvato  un importo aggiuntivo dell'ammontare del 100% dell'importo approvato per la remunerazione della direzione dell'AD  nella misura in cui l'importo totale deciso dall'assemblea generale per la retribuzione della direzione dell'AD non è sufficiente per retribuire anche il nuovo membro della direzione AD fino al successivo voto dell'assemblea generale. Tale importo aggiuntivo non necessitaStarting from the FY2024  following an assessment by the Company of its organization (and in particular the internal decision-making process)  the Company will formally consider not only the CEO to form part of Cavotec's management team  but also additional members working for the management team of Cavotec who have substantial decision-making power. To reflect this assessment  the Board propose to the 2024 AGM to update the Articles of Association accordingly.2The Company may grant to the members of the board of directors or and of the executive board CEO pension benefits outside of the scope of occupational pension benefit regulations as provided in Article 16b  para 7.1The Company does not grant loans or extend credit to the members of the board of directors or of the executive board and to the CEO.3The Company may enter into compensated non- competition agreements with members of the executive board Executive Management after termination of the employment. The compensation cannot exceed the average remuneration for the last three financial years.2Fixed-term contracts regulating remuneration with members of the board of directors  if applicable  or with members of the executive board the CEO are allowed to provide a duration of up to 12 months.1Indefinite contracts regulating remuneration with members of the board of directors or of the executive board with the CEO shall have a notice period for such not exceeding 12 months.Legal entities which are directly or indirectly controlled by the Company may pay remuneration to members of the board of directors or of the executive board CEO for services provided to such entities  provided that it is covered by the approved aggregate amount according to article 16b of the articles of association or the extra amount according to article 16c of the articles of association.not need to be approved by the general meeting ofPursuant to Article 698 para. 2 item 2/para. 3 item 1 CO and Article 13 of the Articles of Association  the General Meeting of Shareholders elects individually each member of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The board of directors shall be composed of a minimum of five and a maximum of ten members The Directors are elected each year to hold office until the following annual general meeting. Directors may be re-elected.The Board of Directors  based on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee  proposes the following persons presented below to be re-elected for a one-year term of office expiring at the annual general meeting to be held in 2025.9. Re-election of five Directors  nomination of the Chairman of the Board of DirectorsPlease refer to the Remuneration Committee Statement and the Annual Report in the ""Documentation"" section below.Pursuant Article 698 para. 3 item 4 CO to Article 16b of the Articles of Association  the general meeting of shareholders shall annually approve the maximum aggregate remuneration amount (covering fixed and variable remuneration) each of the Board of Directors  the Management Team (including the CEO).The maximum aggregate remuneration amount for the Management Team (as defined above) for the (next) FY2025 starting January 1  2025  and that will end December 31  2025 (binding vote).The maximum aggregate remuneration amount for the Management Team for the FY2024 that started January 1  2024  and that will end on December 31  2024 (binding vote)  not including the maximum aggregate remuneration amount of EUR 2 200 000 for the CEO for the FY2024 business year that has already been approved by the 2023 AGM.The maximum aggregate remuneration amount for the Board for the term of office from 2024 AGM to 2025 AGM (binding vote).In line with the above  the Board of Directors propose three separate remunerations related proposals:Following an updated assessment by the Company of its organization (and in particular the internal decision-making process)  starting from the FY2024  the Company will formally consider not only the CEO to form part of Cavotec's management team  but also additional members working for the management team of Cavotec who have substantial decision-making power.All material for the 2024 AGM is also available on the Company's website ir.cavotec.com  and shareholders may request copies at no cost of these documents at the following e-mail address: agm@cavotec.com.2023 Annual Report (including audited consolidated financial statements for the business year ended December 31  2023 and audited statutory accounts of Cavotec SA  as well as the audited Remuneration Report);As of April 12  2024  the following documents have been made available for inspection by shareholders at our registered office at Corso Elvezia 16  6900 Lugano  Switzerland:Chair of the AGM and LanguagePursuant to art. 11 of the Articles of association  General meetings of shareholders are presided over by the chairman of the board of directors or  in his absence  by a chairman of the day to be elected by the general meeting of shareholders. The AGM  deviating from the Code  i.e.  without a Nomination Committees' proposal  will be chaired by the chairman of the Board of Directors Patrick Tigerschiöld. Furthermore  the AGM  will be held in English and information and material will be available in English only. This is in accordance with an exemption granted by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority.ParticipationThe AGM will take place in Lugano  Switzerland  at 10:00 CEST at the Company's headquarters in Lugano  Switzerland (Corso Elvezia 16  6900 Lugano  Switzerland) and will be chaired by Patrik Tigerschiöld  Chairman of the Board of Directors.Only shareholders entered in the share register with the right to vote on May 28  2024 (""Record Date"") will be entitled to participate and to vote at the AGM. Mails each containing this AGM notice and the proxy from for this AGM (""Proxy Form"") will be posted on April 25  2024 to shareholders entered in the share register with the right to vote as of April 22  2024. Shareholders who had been entered into the share register after April 22  2024  but before Record Date will not receive the individual AGM material by post  but can use the proxy form available at ir.cavotec.com and follow the instructions below. The Proxy Form will be available on the Company's website: ir.cavotec.com  on April 22  2024.Please note that shareholders do not need to attend the AGM in person and that they may appoint a proxy to represent them.Admission tickets will be sent out prior to the AGM from May 31  2024  by e-mail to shareholders indicating in the proxy form to attend the AGM in person or through a shareholder's legal representative (""Personal Proxy"")  as the case may be.Shareholders whose shares are held through a bank or broker acting as a nominee with Euroclear Sweden AB must request their bank or broker to have their shares temporarily owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB. Such registration must be completed no later than the Record Date  May 28  2024. Shareholders are requested to inform their nominees in good time prior to this date.You may appoint the following persons to represent you:Mr. Edoardo Buzzi  Attorney-at-Law  Via Cantonale 19  6901 Lugano  Switzerland  has been appointed as independent shareholders' representative pursuant to Art. 9a of the Articles of Association ("" Independent Proxy ""). You may follow the instructions below to appoint and instruct the Independent Proxy; orAttorney-at-Law  Via Cantonale 19  6901 Lugano  Switzerland  has been appointed as independent shareholders' representative pursuant to Art. 9a of the Articles of Association ("" ""). You may follow the instructions below to appoint and instruct the Independent Proxy; or any third person  by contacting them directly  as the Personal Proxy.Electronic ProxyOn the website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxyshareholders have the possibility to appoint the Independent Proxy and to give him instructions electronically. Registered shareholders will receive their personal login data (the ""Individual Login"") by regular mail. The proxy granted electronically (the ""Electronic Proxy"") has the same validity as the physical Proxy Form. Please note that you cannot vote twice (electronically and by mail); the instructions (electronic or by mail) which have been given later prevail. Additional information on the Electronic Proxy is available on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy.Instructions to participate for Holders of SIX SIS registered sharesThe following information is to shareholders who hold their Company's shares through SIX SIS AG.To attend the AGM and exercise your voting right  you must be registered in the share register of the Company (""Share Register"") and complete the Proxy Form or Electronic Proxy in accordance with the instructions set out below.1. Registration in the Share Register:In order to be entitled to voting rights at the AGM  shareholders who are not already registered in the Share Register must request to be registered as shareholders in the Share Register prior to the Record Date  i.e. on May 28  2024  in accordance with the instructions set out below:Shareholders must instruct their custodians to register them as shareholders in their own names in the Share Register.The registration in the Share Register may be requested at any time.The registration must be completed on the Record Date at the latest.Shareholders who are already registered in the Share Register do not have to perform any additional steps and will be provided automatically with the Proxy Form and the Individual Login.Please note that the registration process may take time. To ensure their registration in time for the AGM  shareholders are therefore kindly invited to issue instructions to their custodians as soon as possible.2. Registration/Proxy Voting:Shareholders  who are registered in the Share Register in their own names  will be able to register to attend the AGM in person  appoint the Independent Proxy  Mr. Edoardo Buzzi  Attorney-at-Law  Via Cantonale 19  6901 Lugano  Switzerland  or appoint a Personal Proxy as follows:",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['Cavotec', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'Cavotec SA headquarters', 'foreign stock exchanges', 'altra terza parte', 'consolidated financial statements', 'new Article 4ter', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other third party', 'other manner', 'other purposes', 'new investments', 'third parties', 'Annual report', 'Statutory Auditors', 'different ways', 'Detailed information', 'Corso Elvezia', 'par value', 'dividend entitlement', 'market prices', 'capital band', 'group companies', 'incentive plans', 'shareholder constituency', 'strategic partners', 'firm underwriting', 'Festübernahme', 'banking institution', 'subsequent offer', 'tipo di', 'istituto bancario', 'conseguente offerta', 'share capital', 'share placements', 'new shares', 'Article 698 para', 'subscription rights', 'pre-emptive rights', 'Participation"" section', 'registered shares', 'partial amounts', 'Business Year', 'upper limit', 'nuove azioni', 'issue price', 'beginning date', 'market conditions', 'individual shareholders', 'existing shareholders', 'The Board', 'year 2023', 'AGM', 'invitation', 'Tuesday', 'June', 'Lugano', 'Switzerland', '10:00 CEST', 'doors', 'Directors', 'CHF', 'issuance', 'Increases', 'Grant', 'Discharge', 'Liability', 'Persons', 'Management', 'Activities', 'item', 'Articles', 'Association', 'appropriation', 'earning', 'type', 'contribution', 'exercise', 'commencement', 'trading', 'event', 'discretion', 'interests', 'Company', 'one', 'time', 'introduction', 'wording', 'occasions', 'case', 'restrictions', 'limitations', 'employees', 'connection', 'listing', 'domestic', 'acquisition', 'enterprise', 'parts', 'participations', 'financing', 'transactions', 'payment', 'regard', 'means', 'syndicate', 'consiglio', 'momento', 'prezzo', 'pagamento', 'condizioni', 'esercizio', 'diritti', 'data', 'diritto', 'dividendi', 'ambito', 'mezzo', 'fermo', 'sindacato', 'banche', 'azionisti', '9:30', '320']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39125,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6126531120851042,Notice Annual General Meeting of New Wave Group AB (publ),Notice Annual General Meeting of New Wave Group AB (publ)           PR Newswire           Correction           GOTHENBURG  Sweden           April 11  2024     /PRNewswire/ -- The previously published notice contained erroneous information regarding the...,"CorrectionGOTHENBURG  Sweden   April 11  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The previously published notice contained erroneous information regarding the first dividend payment date. The notice below is updated with correct information.The shareholders in New Wave Group AB (publ) are hereby notified of the Annual General MeetingDate and time: Thursday 16 May 2024 at 13:00 (CET)Place: Kosta Boda Art Hotel  Stora Vägen 75  SE-365 43 Kosta  SwedenRight to participate and notice of participation:Shareholders  who wish to participate in the AGM  shall both be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (Euroclear) on 7 May 2024 and shall  no later than on 10 May 2024   give written notice of their intention to participate to New Wave Group AB (publ)  ""AGM""  Kungsportsavenyen 10  SE-411 36 Göteborg  Sweden or to bolagsstamma@nwg.se .When giving notice of participation  name  personal/corporate registration number  address and telephone number (daytime) shall be stated. If a shareholder intends to be accompanied by an assistant at the AGM  the number of assistants (maximum two) and the name of the assistant(s) must be notified to the company as specified above.If the shareholder intends to be represented by proxy  a written  dated  power of attorney shall be issued for the proxy. The power of attorney in the original shall be sent to the company at the address above so that it is received well in advance of the AGM. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the corporate registration certificate and other authorization documents shall be sent to the company. Please note that shareholders who are represented by proxy must also give notice of participation as stipulated above. A proxy form is available on the company's website www.nwg.se .Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a trustee must temporarily register their shares in their own name in order to participate in the meeting. Such temporary registration of ownership  so-called voting rights registration  made no later than 10 May 2024 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register. Shareholders should therefore notify the trustee of their wish to register their voting rights well in advance of this date.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the AGM2. Election of Chairman of the AGM3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two minutes-checkers6. Determination of whether the AGM has been duly convened7. Speech by the Managing Director8. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Auditors' Report  the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Auditors' report on the Consolidated Financial Statements and presentation of Auditors' Statement regarding compliance with the principles of determination of remuneration to senior executives9. Resolutions regardinga) Adoption of the Income Statement and Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Balance Sheetb) Allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted Balance Sheet and on record day for dividendc) Discharge from liability for the Board Members and the Managing Director10. Resolution regarding the number of Board Members to be elected11. Resolution regarding the remuneration to be paid to the Board of Directors and the Auditors12. Election of members of the Board and the Chairman of the Board13. Election of Auditor14. Resolution regarding the procedure for appointing members of the Nomination Committee15. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives16. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve about directed new issues of shares for the purpose of financing acquisitions of companies or businesses or part thereof17. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to take up certain financing18. Closing of the AGMElection of Chairman of the AGM (item 2):The Nomination Committee  which is constituted of Tomas Risbecker  Svolder Aktiebolag (Chairman)  Frank Larsson  Handelsbanken Fonder and Torsten Jansson   Torsten Jansson Holding AB  proposes Olof Persson as the Chairman of the AGM.Allocation of the company's profit (item 9 b):A dividend of SEK 3.50 per share is proposed  spread over two payment dates. The first dividend will be of SEK 1.75 per share  with 20 May 2024 as proposed record date. The second dividend will be of SEK 1.75 per share with 2 December 2024 as proposed record date. Provided that the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the first dividend is expected to be paid through Euroclear on 23 May 2024 and the second dividend on 5 December 2024 .Number of Board members  remuneration of the Board of Directors and the Auditors and election of Board Members  Chairman of the Board and Auditor (items 10–13):The Nomination Committee  representing approx. 85 percent of the votes and approx. 46 percent of the capital in the company  has presented the following proposals:The Board of Directors shall comprise eight Members and no Deputies.Re-election of Kinna Bellander  Torsten Jansson  Ralph Mühlrad  Olof Persson  Isabella Jansson  and M. Johan Widerberg as Board Members and election of Susanne Given and Kristina Johansson as new Board Members.Re-election of Olof Persson as Chairman of the Board.Deloitte is proposed to be new elected as Auditor. If the proposal is approved  Didrik Roos will be the Auditor in charge.Remuneration to the Board of Directors is proposed to be paid with SEK 550 000 to the Chairman and with SEK 225 000 to each of the other Board Members  except for the Managing Director. Fees to the audit committee are proposed to be paid with SEK 200 000 to be distributed within the audit committee. In addition  it is proposed that SEK 150 000 be set aside for the Board of Directors to distribute to Board Members for efforts outside normal Board work  which mainly means work within the Group's strategy work.Fee to the Auditor is proposed to be paid according to accepted invoice and agreement.Procedure for appointing members on the Nomination Committee (item 14):The Nomination Committee proposes that the AGM resolves that a new Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2024 shall comprise representatives of three of the larger shareholders. The Nomination Committee shall fulfill the assignments stipulated in the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. The Chairman of the Board shall receive a mandate to contact the company's largest shareholders in terms of the number of votes according to the share register on 30 September 2024 and offer participation in the Nomination Committee. If any of these shareholders waives its right to appoint a representative  the next largest shareholder shall be asked to appoint a representative. The company shall publish the names of the members on the Nomination Committee on the company's webpage no later than six months before the AGM. The Nomination Committee shall elect one representative as Chairman  who may not be the Chairman of the Board or a Board Member. The Nomination Committee's assignment is in force until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed. If there is a material change in the owner structure before the Nomination Committee has completed its assignment the Nomination Committee may  upon a decision by the Nomination Committee  change the composition of the Nomination Committee according to the principles stipulated above. The deadline for changing the composition of the Nomination Committee is three months before the AGM.Guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15):The Board of Directors proposes the following guidelines for remuneration to senior executives.The Board of Directors' proposal for guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesBoard members  the Managing Director and other persons of the executive management (jointly the ""executive management"") in New Wave Group AB (the ""Company"") fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2020. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the AGM.The guidelines' promotion of the Company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe Company's business strategy is to acquire and develop brands and products in the corporate  sports and gifts and home furnishing sectors. The company group will achieve synergies by coordinating design  purchasing  marketing  warehousing and distribution of its product range. To ensure good risk diversification  the group will market its products in the promo market and the retail market.For more information regarding the Company's business strategy  please see: https://www.nwg.se/en/about-new-wave-group/A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the Company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the Company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the Company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the Company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. This is ensured by way of linking the financial and non-financial targets that determine if variable cash remuneration shall be payable to the Company's business strategy and sustainability agenda. The variable cash remuneration is further explained in the section ""Variable cash remuneration"" below.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the AGM may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration. Fixed salary and variable remuneration shall be related to the responsibilities and authorities of the executive.Variable cash remunerationThe satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 percent of the total fixed cash salary of the fixed annual cash salary.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the Company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The board of directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the Managing Director. For variable cash remuneration to other executives  the Managing Director is responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the Company.The criteria for variable cash remuneration shall be designed in a manner to allow the board of directors  in cases of exceptional financial circumstances  to limit or stop payment of variable cash remuneration where such remuneration would be considered unreasonable and incompatible with the Company's responsibilities towards its shareholders  employees and other stakeholders. Further  it shall be possible to limit or stop payment of variable cash remuneration if the board of directors would resolve that it is reasonable for other reasons. The board of directors shall also be entitled to reclaim already paid variable cash remuneration when in cases where it is later discovered that the executive has violated the Company's values  policies  standards or instructions.Pension and insuranceFor the Managing Director as well as the remaining executive management  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)   shall correspond to the ITP occupational pension plan. Pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension according to an individual agreement or under mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. The Managing Director's variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. Any other executive's variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions. If the variable cash remuneration qualifies for pension benefits  the pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefitsOther benefits may include  for example  life insurance  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than ten percent of the fixed annual cash salary.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Remuneration to Board Members in addition to the Board feeIf a Board Member  who is elected by the AGM and is not employed by the Company  carries out work in addition to his/her duties as Board Member  the Board Member may be entitled to consulting fees or other customary remuneration. The Board of Directors shall decide if consulting fees or other customary remuneration shall be payable.Termination of employmentUpon termination of an employment  the notice period may not exceed twelve months. Fixed cash salary during the notice period and severance pay may not together exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed cash salary for twelve months. When termination is made by the executive  the notice period may not exceed six months  without any right to severance pay.Additionally  remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income and shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed executive is not entitled to severance pay. The remuneration shall amount to not more than 60 percent of the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of employment  unless otherwise provided by mandatory collective agreement provisions and be paid during the time the non-compete undertaking applies  however not for more than twelve months following termination of employment.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the board of directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the Company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the board of directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the AGM. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the AGM. The Board of Directors shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the Company. The Board Members are independent of the Company and its executive management. The Managing Director and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the Company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the Company's financial viability.Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares (item 16):The main content of the proposal is authorization of the Board of Directors  for a period up to the next AGM  to resolve  whether on one or several occasions  on new issues of not more than 8 000 000 shares of series B. The authorization includes the right to adopt decisions on deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  however not if the decision on new issue stipulates payment for the shares in cash only. By resolutions according to the authorization the share capital can be increased with not more than SEK 12 000 000. The authorization shall include a right to adopt decisions on new issues in kind or new issues by way of set-off or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to in Chapter 13  Section 5  item 6  of the Swedish Companies Act. The reasons for deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights are that the newly issued shares shall be utilized for financing acquisitions of companies or businesses or part thereof. The basis for the issue price shall be the share's market value. A resolution according to this proposal is valid only if supported by shareholders holding at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the AGM.Authorization of the Board of Directors to take up certain financing (item 17):The main content of the proposal is authorization of the Board of Directors  for a period up to the next AGM  to resolve about taking up financing of the kind regulated in Chapter 11  Section 11 of the Swedish Companies Act. The conditions for such financing shall be on market conditions. The reason for the authorization is that the company shall be able to take up financing  on attractive conditions  e.g. with an interest rate that is related to the company's results or financial standing.Additional informationComplete proposals concerning the resolutions stated above  accounting documents  the Auditor's report and other documents required according to the Swedish Companies Act  will be made available at the company's office on 11 April 2024 and will also be available on the company's website www.nwg.se .Shareholders that have questions regarding the AGM are welcome to contact the company at: bolagsstamma@nwg.seProcessing of personal dataFor information regarding processing of personal data in connection with the AGM  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies ActThe Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the company's relation to other companies within the Group.Number of shares and votesWhen this notice to attend the AGM was issued  the total number of shares in the company was 132 687 086 distributed among 39 415 360 shares of series A and 93 271 726 shares of series B  constituting a total of 487 425 426 votes.Gothenburg in April 2024New Wave Group AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/new-wave-group/r/notice-annual-general-meeting-of-new-wave-group-ab--publ- c3959973The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/932/3959973/2725431.pdf Press release (PDF)View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-annual-general-meeting-of-new-wave-group-ab-publ-302114264.htmlSOURCE New Wave Group",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.27,0.44,True,English,"['Notice Annual General Meeting', 'New Wave Group AB', 'New Wave Group AB', 'Kosta Boda Art Hotel', 'Torsten Jansson Holding AB', 'first dividend payment date', 'Stora Vägen', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'two payment dates', 'corporate registration certificate', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Consolidated Income Statement', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'other authorization documents', 'voting rights registration', 'Annual General Meeting', 'personal/corporate registration number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'new issues', 'temporary registration', 'two minutes-checkers', 'Annual Report', 'voting list', 'The Board', 'erroneous information', 'correct information', 'Göteborg', 'legal entity', 'certified copy', 'Managing Director', 'senior executives', 'record day', 'Tomas Risbecker', 'Svolder Aktiebolag', 'Frank Larsson', 'Handelsbanken Fonder', 'Olof Persson', 'record date', 'second dividend', 'following proposals', ""Auditors' Statement"", 'telephone number', ""Auditors' Report"", 'assistant(s', 'proxy form', 'Board Members', 'approx. 46 percent', 'share register', 'written notice', '85 percent', 'Correction', 'GOTHENBURG', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'time', 'Thursday', 'May', 'CET', 'Place', 'participation', 'AGM', 'intention', 'Kungsportsavenyen', 'nwg', 'name', 'address', 'assistants', 'maximum', 'company', 'power', 'attorney', 'original', 'advance', 'website', 'shares', 'trustee', 'order', 'ownership', 'account', 'preparation', 'wish', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'Presentation', 'compliance', 'principles', 'remuneration', 'Resolutions', 'Adoption', 'Allocation', 'profit', 'accordance', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'procedure', 'guidelines', 'purpose', 'financing', 'acquisitions', 'companies', 'businesses', 'Closing', 'item', 'SEK', '2 December', '5 December', 'votes', 'capital', '9.']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,investorsobserver.com
39126,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CINT-GROUP-AB-119082238/news/Cint-Notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-in-Cint-Group-AB-publ-46413397/,Cint : Notice to the annual general meeting in Cint Group AB (publ),(marketscreener.com)      English   Swedish                   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CINT-GROUP-AB-119082238/news/Cint-Notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-in-Cint-Group-AB-publ-46413397/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_con…,"Published: 2024-04-11 13:10:00 CEST Cint Group ABNotice to general meeting Notice to the annual general meeting in Cint Group AB (publ) The shareholders of Cint Group AB (publ) (""Cint"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice of the annual general meeting to be held on 15 May 2024 at 10.00 CEST at Convendum  Vasagatan 16 in Stockholm. The entrance to the meeting will open at 09.30 CEST.The board of directors has decided  pursuant to the Company's articles of association  that shareholders shall have the possibility to exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Shareholders may therefore choose to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting. No food will be served before or after the annual general meeting. Right to participate and notice of attendance Shareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting must: be entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date 6 May 2024 or  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  request that the shares are registered in the shareholder's own name for voting purposes in such time that the registration is completed by 8 May 2024  andgive notice of attendance at the general meeting to the Company in accordance with the instructions set out in the section ""Notice of attendance for participating in person or through a proxy"" no later than on 8 May 2024 or submit a postal vote in accordance with the instructions set out in the section ""Voting by post"" no later than on 8 May 2024. Notice of attendance for participating in person or through a proxy Those who wish to participate in the general meeting in person or through a proxy shall give notice of attendance to the Company no later than on 8 May 2024 either: electronically on the Company's website  www.cint.com (only applicable to private individuals);(only applicable to private individuals); by email to proxy@computershare.se ;; by post to Computershare AB  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm (Att. ""Cint's annual general meeting""); orby telephone to +46 (0)771-24 64 00 on weekdays between 09.00 a.m. and 16.00 p.m. (CEST). The notice of attendance shall state name  date of birth or corporate identification number  address  telephone number and  where relevant  the number of accompanying advisors (not more than two). Those who do not wish to attend the general meeting in person or exercise their voting rights by postal voting may exercise their voting rights at the general meeting through a proxy in possession of a written  signed and dated proxy form. A proxy form issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a copy of a certificate of registration or a corresponding document of authority for the legal entity. To facilitate the registration at the general meeting  proxy forms  certificates of registration and other documents of authority should be submitted either by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se or by mail to Computershare AB  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm (Att. ""Cint's annual general meeting"") no later than on 8 May 2024. Please note that notice of attendance must be given even if a shareholder wishes to exercise its rights at the meeting through a proxy. A submitted proxy form does not count as a notice of attendance. Template proxy forms in Swedish and English are available on the Company's website  www.cint.com. Voting by post Shareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights by postal voting shall use the voting form and follow the instructions available on the Company's website  www.cint.com  and at the Company's offices  Luntmakargatan 18  SE-111 37 Stockholm. The postal vote must be received by the Company no later than on 8 May 2024. The postal voting form shall be sent either: electronically in accordance with the instructions available on the Company's website  www.cint.com ;; by email to proxy@computershare.se ; or; or by post to Computershare AB  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm (Att. ""Cint's annual general meeting""). Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the general meeting in person or through a proxy must give notice hereof to the general meeting's secretariat prior to the opening of the general meeting. If a shareholder votes by proxy  a signed and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed with the voting form. A proxy form is available upon request and on the Company's website  www.cint.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or other authorization document shall be enclosed with the voting form. Shareholders are not allowed to include special instructions or conditions in the postal vote. If special instructions or conditions are included  such postal voting forms become invalid. Further information and conditions can be found in the voting form. For questions about the general meeting or to receive a postal voting form or proxy form by post  please contact: Cint Group AB (publ)  ""Annual general meeting""  Luntmakargatan 18  SE-111 37 Stockholm or send an e-mail to agm@cint.com. Proposed agenda 1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of a chair of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes6. Determination whether the meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial report and the auditor's report in respect thereof8. Resolutions: on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet on the disposition of the Company's result as shown in the adopted balance sheet on discharge of liability of members of the board and the managing director 9. Determination of the number of members of the board of directors and the number of auditors10. Determination of the fees to be paid to the members of the board of directors and the auditors11. Election of the members of the board of directors and auditor12. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives13. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report14. Resolution on: the establishment of LTIP 2024; and delivery of shares under the LTIP 2024 through an issue and transfer of warrants of series 2024/2027 15. Resolution on authorisation of the board of directors to issue shares16. Resolution on amendment to the articles of association17. Closing of the meeting Item 2: Appointment of chair of the meeting The nomination committee proposes that the attorney Carl Westerberg  or in his absence  the person designated by the nomination committee  is proposed as chair of the general meeting. Item 3: Preparation and approval of the voting list The voting list that is proposed to be approved under item 3 on the agenda is the voting list that Computershare AB has prepared  on behalf of the Company  based on the general meeting share register  shareholders who have notified their attendance and are present at the general meeting and received postal votes. Item 5: Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Carl Armfelt  representing TIN Fonder  or in his absence  the person designated by the board of directors of directors  is  in addition to the chair  proposed as person to verify the minutes. Item 8b: Resolution on the disposition of the Company's result as shown in the adopted balance sheet The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that Cint shall not pay any dividends for the financial year 2023 and that the result shall be carried forward. Item 9: Determination of the number of members of the board of directors and the number of auditors The nomination committee proposes that six board members are elected  and that a registered accounting firm is elected as the Company's auditor. Item 10: Determination of the fees to be paid to the members of the board of directors and the auditors The nomination committee proposes that the fees to be paid to the members of the board of directors elected by the annual general meeting for the period until the close of the annual general meeting 2025 shall be SEK 1 200 000 to the chair of the board of directors and SEK 450 000 to each of the members of the board of directors. The nomination committee proposes that additional fees are paid to the members of the audit committee  with SEK 200 000 to the chair of the audit committee and SEK 100 000 to each of the members of the audit committee for the period until the close of the annual general meeting 2025. The nomination committee proposes that additional fees are paid to the members of the remuneration committee  with SEK 100 000 to the chair of the remuneration committee and SEK 50 000 to each of the members of the remuneration committee for the period until the close of the annual general meeting 2025. The nomination committee proposes that the fees to the auditor be paid against approved invoice. Item 11: Election of the members of the board of directors and auditor The board members Liselotte Engstam and Tina Daniels have informed the nomination committee that they are not available for re-election at the annual general meeting 2024. The nomination committee proposes that Patrick Comer  Carl Sparks  Anna Belfrage  Mark Simon and Donna L. DePasquale are re-elected as board members and that Linda Höglund is elected as a new member of the board of directors for the period until the close of the annual general meeting 2025. The nomination committee proposes that Patrick Comer is re-elected as chair of the board of directors for the period until the close of the annual general meeting 2025. A closer presentation of the proposed board members (including the nomination committee's evaluation on independence) can be found on the Company's website  www.cint.com. The nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation from the audit committee  that the registered accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as auditor for the period until the close of the annual general meeting 2025. PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed that  if the annual general meeting resolves in accordance with the nomination committee's proposal  the authorised public accountant Niklas Renström will be appointed auditor in charge. Item 12: Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives The board of directors proposes the following guidelines for compensation to senior executives. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting. Guidelines for remuneration to the senior executives General principles for remuneration and other terms and conditions These guidelines apply to remuneration to senior executives in the Company. For the purposes of these guidelines  senior executives include the CEO  the deputy CEO (if applicable)  and certain other executives who  from time to time  are members of the group management and directly report to the CEO. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration resolved upon or approved by the general meeting and are only applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after the adoption of these guidelines by the annual general meeting 2024. Purpose and general remuneration principles These guidelines constitute a frame for which remuneration to senior executives may be decided by the board of directors during the period of time for which the guidelines are in force. Cint is a global software platform company that serves the insights industry across the globe. As a consequence Cint competes for senior management talent with the broader tech industry. As many of the Cint key executives live and operate outside of Sweden  these guidelines attempt to ensure Cint's competiveness as an employer in all of the geographies and domains it operates. For further information regarding the Company's strategic priorities  please refer to the Company's annual report and the Company's website  www.cint.com. The Company's remuneration principles shall be designed to ensure responsible and sustainable remuneration decisions that support the Company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainable business practices. To this end  salaries and other employment terms shall enable the Company to retain  develop and recruit skilled senior executives with relevant experience and competence. The remuneration shall be on market terms  competitive and reflect the performance and responsibilities of individual senior executives. In the preparation of the board of directors' proposal for these guidelines  remuneration and employment conditions for employees of the Company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and its conditions in the remuneration committee's and the board of directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and limitations set out herein are reasonable. Remuneration for senior executives must be duly adjusted to comply with any local mandatory rules in the jurisdiction of their employment and may be duly adjusted to comply with established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of the guidelines. Elements of remuneration The remuneration to the senior executives covered by these guidelines may consist of fixed cash salary  variable cash salary  pension and non-financial benefits. In addition hereto  the general meeting may decide on sharebased long-term incentive programs in which senior executives can participate. Principles for fixed cash salary The fixed cash salary shall be in line with market conditions  be competitive  and shall take into account the scope and responsibility associated with the position  as well as the skills  experience and performance of each senior executive. Principles for variable cash salary Variable cash salary (i.e.  cash bonuses) shall be based on a set of predetermined and measurable performance criteria that reflect the key drivers for pursuing the Company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainable business practices. Such performance criteria shall consist of key performance indicators both for the Company's overall and financial performance as well as individual performance. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash salary have been satisfied shall be determined when the relevant measurement period of the performance criteria has ended. Such variable cash salary shall be evaluated and documented on an annual basis. Variable cash salary may amount to a maximum of 100 percent of the fixed annual cash salary for each senior executive. In addition each senior executive may also receive a deferred cash bonus corresponding to the amount that has been paid as variable cash salary for each financial year (i.e. an additional amount of at most 100 percent of the variable cash salary). The deferred cash bonus will vest during a period of two years from the end of the previous financial year (meaning that the first deferred cash bonus may be paid in 2027). The deferred cash bonus will be based on the same performance criteria as the variable cash salary and in addition the senior executive must also be employed by Cint on the date for the payment of the deferred cash bonus and shall not have received or given a notice of termination of employment. The board of directors may however also determine in its sole discretion that a senior executive is a good leaver and shall be entitled to receive a pro-rata portion of the deferred cash bonus. Principles for pension benefits Pension benefits shall be based on local practices and applicable law. Any deviations to local common practice in pensions are to be separately approved by the remuneration committee and documented in its report to the board of directors. Pension benefits may not amount to more than 50 percent of the annual fixed cash salary of each senior executive  provided that mandatory provisions of applicable laws do not require a higher pension provision. Principles for non-financial benefits Non-financial benefits shall be based on market terms and shall facilitate the duties of senior executives. The aim of the Company is to have sufficiently competitive salary and incentive programs and minimize additional non-financial benefits. Any non-financial benefits  beyond what is offered to the entire workforce of Cint  shall be reviewed and approved by the remuneration committee. Premiums and other costs related to non-financial benefits may not exceed 20 percent of the annual fixed cash salary of each senior executive. Share-based long-term incentive programs Remuneration resolved upon or approved by the general meeting is not covered by these guidelines. Accordingly  these guidelines do not apply to  i.e.  share-based long-term incentive programs resolved upon or approved by the general meeting. However  as a principle  it is the aim of the board of directors to propose such programs to the annual general meeting each year  as attractive share-based long-term incentive programs form a critical part of the total compensation for senior executives and will allow the Company to retain and hire the talent it needs for further growth. Preparation and review of these guidelines These guidelines have been prepared by the board of directors' remuneration committee. The remuneration committee shall have a preparatory function  in relation to the board of directors  in respect of principles for remuneration and other terms of employment regarding the senior executives. With the recommendation of the remuneration committee as the basis  when the need arises for significant changes in the guidelines  but at least every fourth year  the board of directors shall prepare a proposal for guidelines for resolution by the annual general meeting. The annual general meeting shall decide on such proposals. Resolved guidelines may also be amended by way of resolution by general meetings other than annual general meetings. Within the scope and on the basis of these guidelines  the board of directors shall  based on the remuneration committee's preparation and recommendations  annually decide on the general principles and structure of the remuneration of the executive team and specific remuneration terms for the CEO and make such other resolutions in respect of remuneration for the CEO that may be required. The specific remuneration terms for each senior executive (other than the CEO) shall be prepared by the CEO and be agreed with the Chair of the Board in consultation with the Remuneration Committee (if needed). The members of the remuneration committee are independent in relation to the Company and the senior executives  except for the chair of the remuneration committee (also chair of the board) who is dependent in relation to the Company and its executive management but independent in relation to the Company's major shareholders. The CEO and the other senior executives do not participate in the board of directors' handling of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters if they are affected by such matters. Termination of employment Upon termination of employment by the Company or the executive  the notice period may not exceed twelve months. Fixed cash salary during the notice period and severance pay (if any) may not together exceed an amount corresponding to the annual fixed cash salary for two years. Derogations from these guidelines The board of directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from these guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for such derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the Company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the Company's financial viability. Item 13: Resolution on approval of the remuneration report The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting approves the remuneration report for 2023. Item 14(a): Resolution on the establishment of LTIP 2024 Background and purpose At the extraordinary general meeting on 26 January 2023  the general meeting resolved on a new long-term incentive program (""LTIP 2023""). As set out in the board of directors' proposal to the extraordinary general meeting  the LTIP 2023 was proposed as the Company's ordinary annual program and a renewed annual program was intended to be proposed at the annual general meeting 2024. The board of directors' proposal for LTIP 2023 was based on the Company's wish to have a single and simple program and to reward the delivery of long-term  sustainable value to Cint's shareholders as part of a competitive total compensation package. The LTIP 2023 was also proposed within the context that Cint operates globally and within an industry where equity incentives are used to compensate both outperformance and expected income. The board of directors have evaluated the LTIP 2023 and based on the review made certain adjustments ahead of the proposal of the renewed long-term incentive program for 2024 (""LTIP 2024""). The main change to the LTIP 2024 compared to the LTIP 2023 is that the number of performance metrics to be used to determine the fulfilment of the LTIP 2024 has been increased from one to two as further detailed below. In addition  the LTIP 2024 will also include a three-year vesting period for all participants. It is the board of directors' view that the new performance criteria for the LTIP 2024 and the increased vesting period for all participants creates further alignment of interest between the Company's shareholders and the participants in the LTIP 2024 and ensures that the Company has the appropriate tools to attract and retain talent  increase motivation amongst the participants as well as promoting individual shareholding in the Company. LTIP 2024 Subject to the terms and conditions of the LTIP 2024  the Company will award restricted stock units (""RSUs"") free of charge to members of the Company's Group Management and other employees (the ""Participants"") as allocated by the board of directors  pursuant to the following principles. The maximum number of RSUs that may be awarded is 5 642 913. Each RSU shall entitle the holder to one share in the Company subject to both performance (as described below) and continued employment within the Cint group. Accordingly  the maximum number of shares available for the Participants under the LTIP 2024 shall be 5 642 913 (subject to recalculation in accordance with the terms of the LTIP 2024). The intention is to launch the LTIP 2024 and award the RSUs as soon as possible after the Company's annual general meeting 2024  but the board of directors shall be authorised to in its own discretion finally determine the date of award (the ""Date of Award""). The RSUs will  subject to the terms and conditions of the LTIP 2024  fully vest after three years from the Date of Award (the ""Vesting Date"")  subject to both (i) performance (as described below) and (ii) continued employment. The period from the Date of Award to the Vesting Date is referred to as the ""Vesting Period"". The board of directors will determine the number of vested RSUs (if any) after the Vesting Date. Each vested RSU entitles the Participant to receive one share in Cint  subject to the terms of the LTIP 2024. These terms are further described below: EBITDA growth and TSR percentile: The number of vested RSUs (prior to any recalculations) on the Vesting Date depends on the level of fulfilment of the stipulated performance criteria. The performance criteria is based on the adjusted EBITDA growth during the financial years 2024-2026 (measured as the growth of the adjusted EBITDA set out in the year-end report for the financial year 2023 against the adjusted EBITDA set out in the year-end report for the financial year 2026) (""EBITDA growth"") and relative TSR (total shareholder return) over the financial years 2024-2026 against the companies which are included in the N Technology EUR GI index as of the Date of Award (""TSR percentile""). The performance criteria are weighted as follows: (i) EBITDA growth  50 percent  and (ii) TSR percentile  50 percent. The performance criteria are also subject to Overperformance Vesting as set out below. The level of fulfilment of each performance criteria will determine the vesting in accordance with the below. EBITDA growth: The level of fulfilment of the performance criteria EBITDA growth and the vesting of the applicable number of RSUs allocated to EBITDA growth as performance criteria will be determined in accordance with the following: none of the RSUs eligible to vest on the applicable Vesting Date will vest if the EBITDA growth is less than 28 percent; one-third of the RSUs eligible to vest on the applicable Vesting Date will vest if the EBITDA growth equals 28 percent; and 100 percent of the RSUs eligible to vest on the applicable Vesting Date will vest if the EBITDA growth equals or exceeds 56 percent. In case of an EBITDA growth between the performance levels set out in item (ii) and (iii) above  i.e.  an EBITDA growth between 28 and 56 percent  a straight-line vesting between one-third and full vesting shall apply. TSR percentile: The level of fulfilment of the performance criteria TSR percentile and the vesting of the applicable number of RSUs allocated to TSR percentile as performance criteria will be determined in accordance with the following: none of the RSUs eligible to vest on the applicable Vesting Date will vest if the TSR percentile is lower than the 50th percentile (the median); one-third of the RSUs eligible to vest on the applicable Vesting Date will vest if the TSR percentile equals the 50th percentile; and 100 percent of the RSUs eligible to vest on the applicable Vesting Date will vest if the TSR percentile equals or exceeds the 75th percentile (the upper quartile). In case of a TSR percentile between the performance levels set out in item (ii) and (iii) above  i.e.  a TSR percentile between the 50th and 75th percentile  a straight-line vesting between one-third and full vesting shall apply. In case of overperformance of either performance criteria set out above in (b)-(c) such performance criteria may increase its total weighing to up to 1.5x of its original weighting  meaning that EBITDA growth and TSR percentile may account for at most 75 percent of the total performance criteria weighting (""Overperformance Vesting""). However  the maximum vested RSUs will in any case not exceed 100 percent of the total number of RSUs awarded. Any RSUs that are not vested at the Vesting Date will lapse and be deemed forfeited without consideration. The board of directors shall be entitled to determine that all or some of the vested RSUs should be cancelled or reclaimed (clawback) if the performance criteria outcome is the result of misstatement of the financial accounts or gross misconduct as well as reduce or delay vesting of RSUs if the performance criteria outcome does not reflect the underlying business performance of the Company as determined by the board of directors. The terms of the LTIP 2024 includes a condition of the Participant's continued employment within the Cint group during the Vesting Period (the board of directors shall be authorised to waive this condition under certain circumstances as determined in the board of directors' discretion). The LTIP 2024 comprises in total 5 642 913 RSUs which are anticipated to be awarded to approximately 30 participants consisting of the CEO  members of Group Management and other key employees as decided by the board of directors. The maximum number of RSUs that can be awarded to any participant  including the CEO  is 1 500 000. In the event a Participant cannot  after the Vesting Date  receive shares from vested RSUs under applicable laws or regulations or at reasonable cost or with reasonable administrative effort by the Participant or the Company  the board of directors shall have the right to decide to settle the RSUs wholly or partly in cash. The board of directors shall also have the right to in its own discretion decide that shares and/or cash shall be withheld by the Company in order to cover or facilitate the payment of applicable taxes. In the event of a change in control of the Company (meaning a party  or several parties acting in concert  acquiring shares representing more than 50 percent of the votes in the Company) or a direct or indirect sale  transfer or other disposal of all or substantially all of the business and assets  any unvested RSUs shall fully vest. The board of directors shall be entitled to recalculate the maximum number of shares (per RSU and in total) in the event of intervening rights issues  bonus issues  share splits  reverse share splits  dividends or similar events  with the aim to achieve the same economic intention of the awards for the Participants. The board of directors shall be responsible for the detailed terms and conditions and the administration of the LTIP 2024 within the scope and framework of this proposal. In connection therewith  the board of directors shall be entitled to adopt different terms and conditions  e.g.  due to new recruitment  illness  disability  death  redundancy  contractual retirement  local rules and laws  tax regulations  and other circumstances determined by the board of directors. In addition  prior to the Date of Award the board of directors shall be authorised to establish higher thresholds for the performance criteria and make other changes to the LTIP 2024 provided that  in the board of directors' sole discretion  the changes do not ease the requirements in the LTIP 2024 for the Participants or otherwise entail terms that are more favourable for the Participants than as set out in this proposal. The RSUs will have no voting rights prior to vesting  the number of RSUs will not be increased and no cash will be paid as dividend equivalent for vested RSUs. The LTIP 2024 will be governed by Swedish law. The performance criteria are weighted as follows: (i) EBITDA growth  50 percent  and (ii) TSR percentile  50 percent. The performance criteria are also subject to Overperformance Vesting as set out below. The level of fulfilment of each performance criteria will determine the vesting in accordance with the below.In case of an EBITDA growth between the performance levels set out in item (ii) and (iii) above  i.e.  an EBITDA growth between 28 and 56 percent  a straight-line vesting between one-third and full vesting shall apply.In case of a TSR percentile between the performance levels set out in item (ii) and (iii) above  i.e.  a TSR percentile between the 50th and 75th percentile  a straight-line vesting between one-third and full vesting shall apply. Delivery of shares and hedging In order to ensure the delivery of shares to the Participants under the LTIP 2024  the board of directors proposes that the Company can hedge its obligations under the LTIP 2024 by entering into an equity swap arrangement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares (including to the Participants) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the LTIP 2024. In addition  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to issue up to 6 771 496 warrants of series 2024/2027 (see item 14(b) of the proposed agenda)  which shall  if approved by the general meeting  be used as hedge instead of the equity swap arrangement described above to ensure delivery of shares to the Participants and cover any costs (including taxes and social security charges) under the LTIP 2024. Dilution effect The maximum dilution effect for the delivery of shares to participants under LTIP 2024 will be approximately 2.58 percent. The maximum dilution effect including warrants used as hedge instead of the equity swap  will be approximately 3.11 percent if all 6 771 496 warrants of series 2024/2027 are exercised for subscription of 6 771 496 new shares in the Company. If the warrant settlement method proposed under item 14(b) of the proposed agenda is not approved with the requisite majority and the Company's obligations under the LTIP 2024 are settled by way of an equity swap arrangement with a third party  no dilution effect will arise. Costs The costs for the LTIP 2024 are based on the IFRS 2 reporting standards. The board of directors has made a preliminary cost calculation for the LTIP 2024  which is based on a share price on the Vesting Date of SEK 30.00 and that the maximum number of RSUs is allocated and vested following the Vesting Period. On the basis of the above assumptions  the value of each RSU has  using the Monte Carlo simulations model  been set at an average of SEK 12.26. In total  the maximum costs for the LTIP 2024 of approximately SEK 70.3 million  excluding costs for social security charges. With full vesting the costs for social security charges would at most be approximately SEK 33.9 million. Other share-based incentive programs in Cint For information about other share-based incentive programs in Cint  please refer to the Company's annual report 2023 (see section ""Long-term share-based incentive programs""). These main terms are also available on Cint's website www.cint.com. Other than as described therein there are no other share-based incentive schemes in Cint. Preparation of the proposal The LTIP 2024 has been prepared by the Company's remuneration committee and has been adopted by the board of directors. Authorization Each of the members of board of directors shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and Euroclear Sweden AB  and that the board of directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the LTIP 2024 due to applicable foreign rules and laws  applicable law  regulation  market practice or otherwise. Majority requirement A resolution in accordance with the board of directors' proposal regarding the establishment of the LTIP 2024 under this item 14(a) of the proposed agenda requires support from shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast at the general meeting. Item 14(b): Resolution on delivery of shares under the LTIP 2024 through an issue and transfer of warrants of series 2024/2027 Under the LTIP 2024 proposed by the board of directors under item 14(a) of the proposed agenda  the Company has an obligation  subject to certain conditions  to deliver shares in the Company to the Participants in the LTIP 2024. In order to secure the Company's obligation to deliver shares and to cover any costs (including taxes and social security charges)  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to issue and transfer up to 6 771 496 warrants of series 2024/2027 on the terms and conditions set out below. The board of directors considers the warrant settlement method to be the preferred alternative to the equity swap arrangement with a third party included in item 14(a) of the proposed agenda since the costs for an equity swap arrangement are significantly higher than the costs for issuing and transferring warrants. If the general meeting resolves to approve the proposed warrant settlement method under this item 14(b) with the requisite majority  the board of directors intends to not utilise the equity swap arrangement proposed under item 14(a) above. In order to secure the Company's obligation to deliver shares under the LTIP 2024  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to issue and transfer warrants of series 2024/2027 in the Company on the following terms and conditions: A maximum of 6 771 496 warrants of series 2024/2027 shall be issued. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only vest with a wholly owned subsidiary of Cint (the ""Subsidiary"")  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants in accordance with the Company's obligations under the LTIP 2024. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is to secure the Company's obligations to deliver shares and to cover any costs (including taxes and social security charges) under the LTIP 2024. Subscription for the warrants shall take place on a separate subscription list not later than on 30 June 2024. The warrants shall be issued to the Subsidiary without consideration. Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the quota value. The warrants may be exercised during the period from and including 1 June 2024 up to and including 31 December 2027. The new shares shall carry rights to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs after subscription has been effected. The subscription price and the number of shares for which each warrant entitles subscription may be recalculated under certain circumstances as set forth in the complete terms and conditions for the warrants. Upon exercise of all 6 771 496 warrants  the Company's share capital will increase by SEK 677 149.6 (based on a quotient value of SEK 0.1). If the subscription price exceeds the quotient value of the shares  the excess amount shall be allotted to the non-restricted statutory reserve (Sw. den fria överkursfonden). The Subsidiary may  pursuant to the terms of the LTIP 2024  transfer up to 6 771 496 warrants (a) free of charge to Participants (and/or a designated third party) for the purpose of enabling the delivery of shares in the Company under the LTIP 2024  and (b) at a price equal to the fair market value of the warrants as determined using a customary valuation method to a designated third party for the purpose of covering any costs (including taxes and social security charges) under the LTIP 2024. The resolution shall be conditional upon that the general meeting resolves to establish the LTIP 2024 in accordance with the board of directors' proposal under item 14(a) of the proposed agenda. A resolution in accordance with the board of directors' proposal requires support from shareholders representing not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting. Item 15: Resolution on authorisation of the board of directors to issue shares The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorise the board of directors to  on one or more occasions before the annual general meeting 2025  resolve on issues of shares against payment in cash  with provisions of payment in kind or set-off of claims or other conditions  and carried out with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The purpose of the authorisation and the possibility to deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights is to provide the board of directors' flexibility in financing and facilitating an accelerated expansion and development of the Company in accordance with its adopted strategy. The board of directors is entitled to resolve on share issues causing an increase of the Company's share capital of at most ten (10) percent of the Company's registered share capital at the time the board of directors first utilises the authorisation. The board of directors  or the person appointed by the board of directors  is authorised to make such minor adjustments to the resolution as may be required in connection with registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Item 16: Resolution on amendment to the articles of association The board of directors considers that physical general meetings of shareholders is an important part of the Swedish corporate governance model. However  considering the Company's diverse and international shareholder base and that the majority of the Company's board of directors and executive management is residing outside of Sweden  the board of directors considers that the Company shall have the possibility to hold digital general meetings to facilitate higher presence from its shareholders  the board of directors and the executive management as well as to ensure cost efficiency and flexibility for the Company. The board of directors therefore proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to introduce a new § 9 in the Company's articles of association as follows. ""§ 9 Form of the general meeting The board of directors may  in accordance with what is set out in Chapter 7  Section 15  first paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act  resolve that a general meeting shall be held digitally. Detailed information on the procedure for digital attendance and participation will be made available on the company's website and in the relevant notice convening the general meeting."" The proposed new articles of association are available in their entirety at the company's website  www.cint.com. The board of directors  or the person appointed by the board of directors  is authorised to make such minor adjustments to the resolution as may be required in connection with registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Majority requirement A resolution to approve the proposal under item 14(b) requires support from at least nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting and a resolution to approve the proposals under item 15 and item 16 requires support from at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting. Available documents Documents that shall be made available prior to the annual general meeting in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act will be made available at the Company's offices  Luntmakargatan 18  SE-111 37 Stockholm  in accordance with the requirements of the Swedish Companies Act and will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the Company of their mailing address. The documents will also be made available on the Company's website: www.cint.com. All documents above will be presented at the general meeting. Shareholders' right to request information Shareholders are reminded of their right pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act to request that the board of directors and CEO provide information at the general meeting in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company's or a group company's financial position. The obligation to provide information also applies to the Company's relationship to other group companies. Information must be provided if possible to provide such information without significant harm to the Company. Processing of personal data For information on how personal data is processed in connection with the general meeting  see the privacy notices of Euroclear Sweden AB and Computershare AB available on their respective websites  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. and www.computershare.com/se/gm-gdpr. Other information The Company currently has 212 976 588 outstanding shares and votes. The Company holds no treasury shares. * * *Stockholm  April 2024Cint Group AB (publ)The board of directors Attachments:Cint Notice To The Annual General Meeting 2024.pdfThis news release was distributed by Company News System  www.nasdaqomxnordic.com/news/marketnoticesTo subscribe on regulatory news from this company  go to the subscription page",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Cint Group AB', 'Notice', 'CEST Cint Group AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate identification number', 'other authorization document', 'annual general meeting', 'Template proxy forms', 'postal voting forms', 'dated proxy form', 'corresponding document', 'other documents', 'dated power', 'Computershare AB', 'postal vote', 'voting purposes', 'share register', 'private individuals', 'accompanying advisors', 'legal entity', 'Further information', 'voting rights', 'record date', 'telephone number', 'state name', 'special instructions', 'post Shareholders', '10.00 CEST', '09.30 CEST', 'Notice', '15 May', 'Convendum', 'Vasagatan', 'Stockholm', 'entrance', 'board', 'directors', 'articles', 'association', 'possibility', 'person', 'food', 'attendance', 'shares', 'nominee', 'time', 'registration', '8 May', 'section', 'accordance', 'website', 'email', 'Box', 'weekdays', '09.00 a', 'birth', 'address', 'possession', 'written', 'copy', 'certificate', 'authority', 'Att.', 'Swedish', 'English', 'offices', 'Luntmakargatan', 'secretariat', 'opening', 'attorney', 'request', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'questions', 'publ', 'sen', '102', '16.00']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39127,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRISMO-METALS-INC-113108875/news/Prismo-Metals-Announces-Frankfurt-Stock-Exchange-Listing-46414059/,Prismo Metals Announces Frankfurt Stock Exchange Listing,"(marketscreener.com) Prismo Metals Inc.   is pleased to announce the listing of the Company's common shares on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the trading symbol ""7KU"". Prismo Metals shares are also cross listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange and on t…","Vancouver  British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - April 11  2024) - Prismo Metals Inc. (CSE: PRIZ) (OTCQB: PMOMF) (FSE: 7KU) (""Prismo"" or the ""Company"")  is pleased to announce the listing of the Company's common shares on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (""FSE"") under the trading symbol ""7KU"". Prismo Metals shares are also cross listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE: PRIZ) and on the OTCQB in the United States (OTCQB: PMOMF).The Frankfurt Stock Exchange is one of the world's largest international trading centers for securities. Operated by the Deutsche Boerse AG  the FSE is the largest of Germany's seven stock exchanges and is responsible for approximately 90% of all securities traded in Germany. The FSE facilitates advanced electronic trading  settlement and information systems and enables cross-border trading for international investors.Prismo also announced that it will be participating in the Deutsche Goldmesse Spring 2024 investment conference in Frankfurt which will take place on May 3rd and 4th. Members of Prismo's management team will be having meetings with interested investors throughout the day  and also present to an audience of European investors. The Deutsche Goldmesse Spring 2024 is organized by Soar Financial Partners.Alain Lambert  Executive Chairman of Prismo commented: ""In my view  working on reaching a wide range of investors and broadening the shareholder base is an integral part of running an exploration company as it can have a direct impact on the cost of capital. European investors have a long history of investing in Canadian exploration companies and we felt it made sense at this stage to facilitate trading by listing on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. I look forward to spending time on the road in Europe and introducing our company to investors. I am particularly looking forward to participating in the renowned Deutsche Goldmesse Spring 2024 in early May which will be followed by a multi-city road show in Europe.""Kai Hoffmann  Managing Director of Soar Financial Partners  remarked  ""We are very selective when it comes to inviting companies to attend our conferences. Following two virtual  and five in-person events  Deutsche Goldmesse has established itself as Germany's premier investment conference in the resource space. Being from Germany myself and working solely in the junior mining space for the last 15 years  I understand what German and European investors are looking for. This is why I have focused on bringing together a selective group of impressive and diverse companies  keynote speakers  influencers  HNW investors  asset & fund managers  media partners and more. I am excited to offer this boutique event once again  exclusive to the junior mining sector. We are pleased to welcome Prismo Metals as a participant.""The Deutsche Goldmesse website is updated regularly with attending companies  keynote speakers  schedule  and other important details. www.deutschegoldmesse.com.An online registration form is available  and Investors can register to attend at: https://deutschegoldmesse.online/investor-registration-3/.About Deutsche GoldmesseDeutsche Goldmesse is Germany's premier mining investment conference  based out of Frankfurt- one of Europe's most important financial capitals. We bring together leading minds in the industry to foster new business opportunities and facilitate valuable relationships. The exclusive two-day event showcases industry-leading keynote speakers and up to 35 carefully considered companies in a range of commodities and stages from explorers to producers.Hosted by Soar Financial Partners  we provide a platform where company management can connect with a vast network of European institutional and HNW investors  retail investors  analysts  influencers  newsletter writers  media  and other local partners.About PrismoPrismo (CSE: PRIZ) is mining exploration company focused on two precious metal projects in Mexico (Palos Verdes and Los Pavitos) and a copper project in Arizona (Hot Breccia).Please follow @PrismoMetals on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram  and YouTubePrismo Metals Inc.1100 - 1111 Melville St.  Vancouver  British Columbia V6E 3V6Contact:Craig Gibson  President & Chief Executive Officer craig.gibson@prismometals.comJason Frame  Manager of Communications jason.frame@prismometals.comCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information (collectively  ""forward-looking statements"") within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. All statements other than statements of historical fact  including without limitation  statements regarding the anticipated content  commencement and exploration program results  the ability to complete future financings  required permitting  exploration programs and drilling  and the anticipated business plans and timing of future activities of the Company. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as: believe  expect  anticipate  intend  estimate  postulate and similar expressions  or are those  which  by their nature  refer to future events. Although the Company believes that such statements are reasonable  it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.The Company cautions investors that any forward-looking statements by the Company are not guarantees of future results or performance  and that actual results may differ materially from those in forward looking statements as a result of various factors  including  but not limited to  the state of the financial markets for the Company's equity securities  the state of the commodity markets generally  variations in the nature  the analytical results from surface trenching and sampling program  including diamond drilling programs  the results of IP surveying  the results of soil and till sampling program  the quality and quantity of any mineral deposits that may be located  variations in the market price of any mineral products the Company may produce or plan to produce  the inability of the Company to obtain any necessary permits  consents or authorizations required  including CSE acceptance  for its planned activities  the inability of the Company to produce minerals from its properties successfully or profitably  to continue its projected growth  to raise the necessary capital or to be fully able to implement its business strategies  the potential impact of COVID-19 (coronavirus) on the Company's exploration program and on the Company's general business  operations and financial condition and other risks and uncertainties. All of the Company's Canadian public disclosure filings may be accessed via www.sedarplus.ca and readers are urged to review these materials  including the technical reports filed with respect to the Company's mineral properties.To view the source version of this press release  please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/205048",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Frankfurt Stock Exchange Listing', 'Prismo Metals', 'Deutsche Goldmesse Spring 2024 investment conference', 'two precious metal projects', 'renowned Deutsche Goldmesse Spring', 'premier mining investment conference', 'The Deutsche Goldmesse Spring', 'The Deutsche Goldmesse website', 'Chief Executive Officer craig', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'largest international trading centers', 'The Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'premier investment conference', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'seven stock exchanges', 'junior mining sector', 'five in-person events', 'other important details', 'online registration form', 'important financial capitals', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'Soar Financial Partners', 'other local partners', 'junior mining space', 'exploration program results', 'new business opportunities', 'exclusive two-day event', 'advanced electronic trading', 'multi-city road show', 'British Columbia V6E', 'Canadian exploration companies', 'industry-leading keynote speakers', 'Prismo Metals Inc.', 'mining exploration company', 'Prismo Metals shares', 'Executive Chairman', 'two virtual', 'The FSE', 'international investors', 'exploration programs', 'common shares', 'resource space', 'boutique event', 'Craig Gibson', 'business plans', 'trading symbol', 'cross-border trading', 'media partners', 'Newsfile Corp.', 'United States', 'information systems', 'May 3rd', 'management team', 'Alain Lambert', 'shareholder base', 'integral part', 'direct impact', 'long history', 'early May', 'Kai Hoffmann', 'Managing Director', 'last 15 years', 'selective group', 'fund managers', 'leading minds', 'valuable relationships', 'vast network', 'European institutional', 'newsletter writers', 'Palos Verdes', 'Los Pavitos', 'copper project', 'Hot Breccia', '1111 Melville St.', 'Jason Frame', 'Communications jason', 'Cautionary Note', 'press release', 'forward-looking information', 'historical fact', 'future financings', 'future activities', 'similar expr', 'diverse companies', 'attending companies', 'interested investors', 'European investors', 'HNW investors', 'retail investors', 'company management', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'wide range', 'Vancouver', 'April', 'CSE', 'PRIZ', 'OTCQB', 'PMOMF', '7KU', 'listing', 'world', 'Germany', 'settlement', 'place', '4th', 'Members', 'meetings', 'audience', 'view', 'cost', 'sense', 'stage', 'time', 'conferences', 'impressive', 'influencers', 'asset', 'participant', 'schedule', 'deutschegoldmesse', 'investor-registration', 'to 35', 'commodities', 'explorers', 'producers', 'platform', 'analysts', 'Mexico', 'Arizona', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Contact', 'President', 'prismometals', 'meaning', 'limitation', 'content', 'commencement', 'ability', 'permitting', 'drilling', 'timing', 'words']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39128,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8750284288100481,Prismo Metals Announces Frankfurt Stock Exchange Listing,"Vancouver  British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - April 11  2024) - Prismo Metals Inc. (CSE: PRIZ) (OTCQB: PMOMF) (FSE: 7KU) ("" Prismo "" or the "" Company "")  is pleased to announce the listing of the Company's common shares on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange...","Prismo Metals Announces Frankfurt Stock Exchange ListingVancouver  British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - April 11  2024) - Prismo Metals Inc. (CSE: PRIZ) (OTCQB: PMOMF) (FSE: 7KU) (""Prismo"" or the ""Company"")  is pleased to announce the listing of the Company's common shares on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (""FSE"") under the trading symbol ""7KU"". Prismo Metals shares are also cross listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE: PRIZ) and on the OTCQB in the United States (OTCQB: PMOMF).The Frankfurt Stock Exchange is one of the world's largest international trading centers for securities. Operated by the Deutsche Boerse AG  the FSE is the largest of Germany's seven stock exchanges and is responsible for approximately 90% of all securities traded in Germany. The FSE facilitates advanced electronic trading  settlement and information systems and enables cross-border trading for international investors.Prismo also announced that it will be participating in the Deutsche Goldmesse Spring 2024 investment conference in Frankfurt which will take place on May 3rd and 4th. Members of Prismo's management team will be having meetings with interested investors throughout the day  and also present to an audience of European investors. The Deutsche Goldmesse Spring 2024 is organized by Soar Financial Partners.Alain Lambert  Executive Chairman of Prismo commented: ""In my view  working on reaching a wide range of investors and broadening the shareholder base is an integral part of running an exploration company as it can have a direct impact on the cost of capital. European investors have a long history of investing in Canadian exploration companies and we felt it made sense at this stage to facilitate trading by listing on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. I look forward to spending time on the road in Europe and introducing our company to investors. I am particularly looking forward to participating in the renowned Deutsche Goldmesse Spring 2024 in early May which will be followed by a multi-city road show in Europe.""Kai Hoffmann  Managing Director of Soar Financial Partners  remarked  ""We are very selective when it comes to inviting companies to attend our conferences. Following two virtual  and five in-person events  Deutsche Goldmesse has established itself as Germany's premier investment conference in the resource space. Being from Germany myself and working solely in the junior mining space for the last 15 years  I understand what German and European investors are looking for. This is why I have focused on bringing together a selective group of impressive and diverse companies  keynote speakers  influencers  HNW investors  asset & fund managers  media partners and more. I am excited to offer this boutique event once again  exclusive to the junior mining sector. We are pleased to welcome Prismo Metals as a participant.""The Deutsche Goldmesse website is updated regularly with attending companies  keynote speakers  schedule  and other important details. www.deutschegoldmesse.com.An online registration form is available  and Investors can register to attend at: https://deutschegoldmesse.online/investor-registration-3/.About Deutsche GoldmesseDeutsche Goldmesse is Germany's premier mining investment conference  based out of Frankfurt- one of Europe's most important financial capitals. We bring together leading minds in the industry to foster new business opportunities and facilitate valuable relationships. The exclusive two-day event showcases industry-leading keynote speakers and up to 35 carefully considered companies in a range of commodities and stages from explorers to producers.Hosted by Soar Financial Partners  we provide a platform where company management can connect with a vast network of European institutional and HNW investors  retail investors  analysts  influencers  newsletter writers  media  and other local partners.About PrismoPrismo (CSE: PRIZ) is mining exploration company focused on two precious metal projects in Mexico (Palos Verdes and Los Pavitos) and a copper project in Arizona (Hot Breccia).Please follow @PrismoMetals on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram  and YouTubePrismo Metals Inc.1100 - 1111 Melville St.  Vancouver  British Columbia V6E 3V6Contact:Craig Gibson  President & Chief Executive Officer craig.gibson@prismometals.comJason Frame  Manager of Communications jason.frame@prismometals.comCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information (collectively  ""forward-looking statements"") within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. All statements other than statements of historical fact  including without limitation  statements regarding the anticipated content  commencement and exploration program results  the ability to complete future financings  required permitting  exploration programs and drilling  and the anticipated business plans and timing of future activities of the Company. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as: believe  expect  anticipate  intend  estimate  postulate and similar expressions  or are those  which  by their nature  refer to future events. Although the Company believes that such statements are reasonable  it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.The Company cautions investors that any forward-looking statements by the Company are not guarantees of future results or performance  and that actual results may differ materially from those in forward looking statements as a result of various factors  including  but not limited to  the state of the financial markets for the Company's equity securities  the state of the commodity markets generally  variations in the nature  the analytical results from surface trenching and sampling program  including diamond drilling programs  the results of IP surveying  the results of soil and till sampling program  the quality and quantity of any mineral deposits that may be located  variations in the market price of any mineral products the Company may produce or plan to produce  the inability of the Company to obtain any necessary permits  consents or authorizations required  including CSE acceptance  for its planned activities  the inability of the Company to produce minerals from its properties successfully or profitably  to continue its projected growth  to raise the necessary capital or to be fully able to implement its business strategies  the potential impact of COVID-19 (coronavirus) on the Company's exploration program and on the Company's general business  operations and financial condition and other risks and uncertainties. All of the Company's Canadian public disclosure filings may be accessed via www.sedarplus.ca and readers are urged to review these materials  including the technical reports filed with respect to the Company's mineral properties.To view the source version of this press release  please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/205048",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Frankfurt Stock Exchange Listing', 'Prismo Metals', 'Deutsche Goldmesse Spring 2024 investment conference', 'two precious metal projects', 'renowned Deutsche Goldmesse Spring', 'premier mining investment conference', 'The Deutsche Goldmesse Spring', 'The Deutsche Goldmesse website', 'Chief Executive Officer craig', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'largest international trading centers', 'The Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'premier investment conference', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange Listing', 'seven stock exchanges', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'junior mining sector', 'five in-person events', 'other important details', 'online registration form', 'important financial capitals', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'Soar Financial Partners', 'other local partners', 'junior mining space', 'exploration program results', 'new business opportunities', 'exclusive two-day event', 'advanced electronic trading', 'multi-city road show', 'British Columbia V6E', 'Canadian exploration companies', 'industry-leading keynote speakers', 'mining exploration company', 'Prismo Metals Inc.', 'Prismo Metals shares', 'Executive Chairman', 'The FSE', 'international investors', 'exploration programs', 'common shares', 'resource space', 'boutique event', 'Craig Gibson', 'business plans', 'trading symbol', 'cross-border trading', 'media partners', 'Newsfile Corp.', 'United States', 'information systems', 'May 3rd', 'management team', 'Alain Lambert', 'shareholder base', 'integral part', 'direct impact', 'long history', 'early May', 'Kai Hoffmann', 'Managing Director', 'last 15 years', 'selective group', 'fund managers', 'leading minds', 'valuable relationships', 'vast network', 'European institutional', 'newsletter writers', 'Palos Verdes', 'Los Pavitos', 'copper project', 'Hot Breccia', '1111 Melville St.', 'Jason Frame', 'Communications jason', 'Cautionary Note', 'press release', 'forward-looking information', 'historical fact', 'future financings', 'future activities', 'diverse companies', 'attending companies', 'interested investors', 'European investors', 'HNW investors', 'retail investors', 'company management', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'wide range', 'Vancouver', 'April', 'CSE', 'PRIZ', 'OTCQB', 'PMOMF', '7KU', 'world', 'Germany', 'settlement', 'place', 'Members', 'meetings', 'audience', 'view', 'cost', 'sense', 'stage', 'time', 'conferences', 'impressive', 'influencers', 'asset', 'participant', 'schedule', 'deutschegoldmesse', 'investor-registration', 'to 35', 'commodities', 'explorers', 'producers', 'platform', 'analysts', 'Mexico', 'Arizona', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Contact', 'President', 'prismometals', 'meaning', 'limitation', 'content', 'commencement', 'ability', 'permitting', 'drilling', 'timing', 'words']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,investorsobserver.com
39129,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/R-STAHL-AG-11277506/news/R-STAHL-reaches-forward-looking-collective-bargaining-agreement-with-Works-Council-and-IG-Metall-46412130/,R. STAHL reaches forward-looking collective bargaining agreement with Works Council and IG Metall,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word: Agreement/ContractR. STAHL reaches forward-looking collective bargaining agreement with Works Council and IG Metall 11.04.2024 / 10:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely respon…,EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word(s): Agreement/ContractR. STAHL reaches forward-looking collective bargaining agreement with Works Council and IG Metall11.04.2024 / 10:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.R. STAHL reaches forward-looking collective bargaining agreement with Works Council and IG MetallAgreement provides for location and employment guarantee until 2030 with a 37-hour weekGives both contractual partners long-term planning securityNegotiations conducted in an atmosphere of mutual respectInvestments as accompanying conditionWaldenburg  11 April 2024 - R. STAHL has reached a far-reaching collective bargaining agreement with the Works Council and IG Metall Baden-Württemberg for the main location in Waldenburg. The agreement’s key elements include the establishment of a 37-hour working week for all employees covered by the collective bargaining agreement  as well as job and location safeguards for the entire workforce at the location until the end of 2030. The supplementary collective bargaining agreement applies retroactively from January 2024 for the companies based in Waldenburg: R. STAHL AG  R. STAHL Schaltgeräte GmbH and R. STAHL Services GmbH.Additional outcomes from contract negotiations include an additional vacation day to be determined annually by management and the expansion of the existing bonus scheme  which now takes effect at an EBT yield of 3% (previously from 5%). R. STAHL has also made a commitment to make further investments  for example in various production machines and also to expand its production space.For economically weaker phases with declining order intake  working hours can be made more flexible within a clearly defined framework. The new agreement replaces the existing collective bargaining agreement for the location. It that agreement had expired  the company would have been subject to the regional collective bargaining agreement.“We are pleased to have achieved far-reaching planning security with this positive collective bargaining agreement for all parties involved”  says Dr. Mathias Hallmann  CEO of R. STAHL AG. With attractive working conditions  the explosion protection expert is also clearly setting itself apart in the competitive market for skilled workers and emphasizing its clear commitment to the location. The seven-year contract term rounds off the stable agreement and provides scope to continue the successful implementation of the Group strategy.Klaus Erker  Chairman of the Group Works Council  is also pleased with the agreement: “The conclusion of the collective bargaining agreement for the location represents an important step forward for R. STAHL. The negotiations took place under difficult conditions for everyone involved  but if the right negotiating partners work together with a willingness to be constructive  we can achieve our goals together.” The Works Council sees the additional day of vacation and the extended bonus scheme as recognition for the work of employees.The Executive Board and management have offered to arrange for the Weimar site  which is not yet covered by a collective bargaining agreement  to be connected to the regional collective bargaining agreement for the metal and electrical industry in Thuringia.About R. STAHL – www.r-stahl.comR. STAHL is the world's leading supplier of electrical and electronic products and systems for explosion protection. These products and systems prevent explosions in hazardous areas and contribute to the safety of people  machines and the environment. The portfolio ranges from products used in switching/distributing  installing  operating/monitoring  lighting and signalling/alarming up to automation.Typical customers are the chemical and pharmaceutical industry  the oil & gas industry - including LNG applications - as well as the food and beverage industry. Most of the R. STAHL products are also approved for use with hydrogen. According to preliminary figures  in 2023 global sales amounting to around € 330 6 million were generated by 1 721 employees. The shares of R. STAHL AG are traded on the Regulated Market/Prime Standard of Deutsche Boerse (ISIN DE000A1PHBB5).Forward-looking statementsThis release contains forward-looking statements based on assumptions and estimates of R. STAHL’s management. Although we assume that the expectations of these forward-looking statements are realistic  we cannot guarantee that these expectations will prove to be correct. The assumptions may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such discrepancies include: changes in the macroeconomic and business environment  exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations  the roll-out of competing products  a lack of acceptance of new products or services  and changes in business strategy. R. STAHL does not plan to update these forward-looking statements nor does it accept any obligation to do so.Contact:R. STAHL AGJudith SchäubleDirector Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsAm Bahnhof 3074638 Waldenburg (Württ.)GermanyTel. +49 7942 943-1396investornews@r-stahl.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.28,0.34,True,English,"['forward-looking collective bargaining agreement', 'R. STAHL', 'Works Council', 'IG Metall', 'R. STAHL AGJudith SchäubleDirector Investor Relation', 'R. STAHL Schaltgeräte GmbH', 'looking collective bargaining agreement', 'supplementary collective bargaining agreement', 'regional collective bargaining agreement', 'positive collective bargaining agreement', 'IG Metall Baden-Württemberg', 'reaching collective bargaining agreement', 'existing collective bargaining agreement', 'R. STAHL Services GmbH', 'existing bonus scheme', 'reaching planning security', 'IG Metall Agreement', 'long-term planning security', 'declining order intake', 'Dr. Mathias Hallmann', 'extended bonus scheme', 'Regulated Market/Prime Standard', 'right negotiating partners', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'attractive working conditions', 'mutual respect Investments', 'explosion protection expert', 'seven-year contract term', '37-hour working week', 'various production machines', 'R. STAHL products', 'Group Works Council', 'additional vacation day', 'The Works Council', 'R. STAHL.', '37-hour week', 'new agreement', 'stable agreement', 'additional day', 'working hours', 'contractual partners', 'production space', 'Group strategy', 'difficult conditions', 'exchange rate', 'Additional outcomes', 'Forward-looking statements', 'employment guarantee', 'accompanying condition', 'key elements', 'entire workforce', 'EBT yield', 'weaker phases', 'competitive market', 'skilled workers', 'successful implementation', 'Klaus Erker', 'important step', 'Executive Board', 'Weimar site', 'leading supplier', 'hazardous areas', 'Typical customers', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'gas industry', 'LNG applications', 'beverage industry', 'preliminary figures', '2023 global sales', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'ISIN DE000A1PHBB', 'actual results', 'business strategy', 'electronic products', 'competing products', 'new products', 'clear commitment', 'electrical industry', 'business environment', 'contract negotiations', 'main location', 'location safeguards', 'EQS-News', '30 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'atmosphere', 'Waldenburg', 'establishment', 'employees', 'job', 'January', 'companies', 'management', 'expansion', 'effect', 'example', 'framework', 'parties', 'CEO', 'scope', 'Chairman', 'conclusion', 'place', 'everyone', 'willingness', 'goals', 'recognition', 'Thuringia', 'world', 'systems', 'explosions', 'safety', 'people', 'portfolio', 'distributing', 'monitoring', 'lighting', 'automation', 'chemical', 'oil', 'food', 'use', 'hydrogen', 'shares', 'release', 'assumptions', 'estimates', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'discrepancies', 'changes', 'macroeconomic', 'roll-out', 'lack', 'acceptance', 'obligation', 'Contact', '10']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39130,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/0674cbd5d3fe064a,Ex-Credit Suisse sales trader joins Euronext as head of continental equity sales,Euronext has appointed former Credit Suisse sales trader Nathalie Ruiz as head of continental equity sales. Ruiz previously spent nearly 12 years at Credit Suisse  most recently as director  sales trader for Credit Suisse’s suite of algorithmic trading strate…,Euronext has appointed former Credit Suisse sales trader Nathalie Ruiz as head of continental equity sales.Ruiz previously spent nearly 12 years at Credit Suisse  most recently as director  sales trader for Credit Suisse’s suite of algorithmic trading strategies  Advanced Execution Services (AES).Prior to this she held the same role as vice president for five and a half…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   .,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.88,0.07,True,English,"['Ex-Credit Suisse sales trader', 'continental equity sales', 'Euronext', 'head', 'former Credit Suisse sales trader', 'continental equity sales', 'algorithmic trading strategies', 'Advanced Execution Services', 'same role', 'vice president', 'a half', 'Nathalie Ruiz', 'Euronext', 'head', '12 years', 'director', 'suite', 'AES', 'five', 'story', 'thetradenews']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,biztoc.com
39131,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/Biosenic-launch-of-a-debt-restructuring-plan-46415090/,Biosenic: launch of a debt restructuring plan,(marketscreener.com) On Thursday  BioSenic announced the implementation of a financial restructuring plan aimed at safeguarding its most promising projects  first and foremost its Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of chronic graft-versus-host disease.T…,Biosenic: launch of a debt restructuring planApril 11  2024 at 09:48 am EDT ShareOn Thursday  BioSenic announced the implementation of a financial restructuring plan aimed at safeguarding its most promising projects  first and foremost its Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of chronic graft-versus-host disease.The Belgian biotech  which is listed on both Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris  will propose to some of its bondholders to replace their outstanding loans totaling 7.5 million euros with new convertible bonds to be issued.The plan also provides for an outstanding loan in the principal amount of 8 million euros to be replaced by new convertible bonds  again to be issued by BioSenic.These convertible bonds would be unsecured and have a maturity date of end 2030.BioSenic specifies that its project is based on a non-binding financing offer from a fund to finance its Phase 3 clinical trial in graft-versus-host disease.The share price was suspended at the end of the morning.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.08,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['debt restructuring plan', 'Biosenic', 'launch', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'The Belgian biotech', 'binding financing offer', 'debt restructuring plan', 'financial restructuring plan', 'new convertible bonds', 'EDT Share', 'promising projects', 'host disease', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Paris', 'outstanding loans', '7.5 million euros', 'principal amount', '8 million euros', 'maturity date', 'share price', 'chronic graft', 'Biosenic', 'launch', 'April', 'Thursday', 'implementation', 'treatment', 'bondholders', 'end', 'fund', 'versus', 'morning', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '09']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39132,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861273/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-April-4-April-10-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 4 – April 10  2024,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 4 – April 10  2024  April 11  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of...,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 4 – April 10  2024April 11  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 162 428 of its own ordinary shares in the period from April 4  2024  up to and including April 10  2024  for €22.7 million and at an average share price of €139.89.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 2 066 156 293.3 141.98For the period starting February 23  2024  up to and including April 29  2024  we have engaged a third party to execute €205 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 (0) 7765-391-824 t + 31 (0)172-641-407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.29,0.69,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'External Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'April', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '44', '31']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39133,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://financialpost.com/globe-newswire/nyxoah-appoints-dr-maurits-s-boon-md-as-chief-medical-officer,Nyxoah Appoints Dr. Maurits S. Boon  MD as Chief Medical Officer,Nyxoah Appoints Dr. Maurits S. Boon  MD as Chief Medical Officer Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – April 11  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the develo…,Nyxoah Appoints Dr. Maurits S. Boon  MD as Chief Medical Officer Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – April 11  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the develo…,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Dr. Maurits S. Boon', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Nyxoah', 'MD', 'Dr. Maurits S. Boon', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'medical technology company', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', '10:30pm CET', 'Nyxoah SA', '4:30pm', 'MD', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'April', 'NYXH', 'develo']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,financialpost.com
39134,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861244/0/en/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting,Kenmare Resources plc      (“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)      11 April 2024      Notice of Annual General Meeting      Kenmare Resources...,"Kenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)11 April 2024Notice of Annual General MeetingKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  provides notice of its Annual General Meeting (""AGM"").Kenmare’s AGM will be held on 10 May 2024 at 11.00 a.m. IST at Euronext Dublin  Exchange Buildings  Foster Place  Dublin 2  Ireland.The Notice of AGM and form of proxy are available on the Company's website  in addition to the 2023 Annual Report as previously announced  by clicking here .The 2023 Annual Report and Notice of AGM are today being posted to shareholders who have elected to receive them.Copies of the above documents will be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at the following links:https://direct.euronext.com/#/oamfilingand athttps://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanismFor further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Katharine Sutton / Michael StarkeInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367 / +353 87 663 0875Murray (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of life items such as paints  plastics  and ceramic tiles.",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'UK National Storage Mechanism', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'global titanium feedstocks', 'Paul O’Kane', 'mineral sands products', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading global producers', 'London Stock Exchange', 'The 2023 Annual Report', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'Exchange Buildings', 'largest producers', 'Foster Place', 'following links', 'Jeremy Dibb', 'Katharine Sutton', 'Michael Starke', 'Investor Relations', 'PR advisor', 'raw materials', 'everyday quality', 'life items', 'ceramic tiles', 'LSE:KMR', 'northern Mozambique', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Company', 'Group', 'April', 'Notice', 'ISE', 'zircon', 'AGM', '10 May', '11.00 a', 'Ireland', 'form', 'proxy', 'website', 'addition', 'shareholders', 'Copies', 'documents', 'inspection', 'oamfiling', 'fca', 'nationalstoragemechanism', 'kenmareresources', 'Tel', 'Mob', 'Murray', 'pokane', 'world', 'production', 'customers', '15 countries', 'paints', 'plastics']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39135,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FOSUN-INTERNATIONAL-LIMIT-120790394/news/Fosun-s-Subsidiary-Fidelidade-Announces-Listing-Plan-of-Private-Health-Service-Company-Luz-Sa-de-46412408/,Fosun's Subsidiary Fidelidade Announces Listing Plan of Private Health Service Company Luz Saúde,(marketscreener.com) HONG KONG  April 11  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Fidelidade  a subsidiary of Fosun International and Portugal's leading insurer  announced on Wednesday that its subsidiary  Luz Saúde  a private healthcare service provider had communicated to t…,"HONG KONG  April 11  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Fidelidade  a subsidiary of Fosun International and Portugal's leading insurer  announced on Wednesday (10 April) that its subsidiary  Luz Saúde  a private healthcare service provider had communicated to the market its plan to seek admission for the trading of its shares on the Euronext Lisbon stock exchange  as part of a planned public sale offer. If realized  this operation will create better conditions for the continued expansion and growth of Luz Saúde in the health sector.Luz Saúde plans to carry out a capital increase of approximately 100 million euros through the issuance of new shares aimed at institutional investors  both domestic and international. The capital increase will be used to support the long-term growth of Luz Saúde  thus maintaining a more robust capital structure.Luz Saúde is recognized as a leading private health service provider in Portugal  noted for the quality and innovation of its approach.After the public offering  Fidelidade intends to retain the majority of the share capital of Luz Saúde.Luz Saúde has shown strong growth momentum  as well as a significant improvement in its profitability in recent years. In 2022 and 2023  it achieved double-digit revenue growth (10% and 12%  respectively). Benefitting from the sustained activity level growth of hospitals and clinics  effective cost control  and enhanced operational efficiency  it also experienced a significant expansion in EBITDA and EBIT margins.The public sale of shares is expected to be carried out through private placement  both in Portugal and abroad (including in the United States)  targeted at certain qualified institutional investors (QIBs). The admission of the shares to trading on the Euronext Lisbon will be subject to the approval of a prospectus by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (CMVM).Rogério Campos Henriques  CEO of Fidelidade said: ""This potential transaction is a key element in the strategy of the Fidelidade Group and Luz Saúde. It represents another step in Fidelidade's capital optimization plan  which will have even more robust solvency indicators  while allowing us to continue benefiting from diversification effects  through a majority stake in Luz Saúde.""Fosun stated that Luz Saúde's listing plan marks an important milestone for both Luz Saúde and Fidelidade in the health sector  which will benefit the development of Fosun's Health segment and enhance Luz Saúde's corporate governance  and provide Luz Saúde an independent fundraising platform. Fosun expressed its commitment to fulfilling its mission of offering high-quality and accessible healthcare to all Portuguese citizens through Luz Saúde and Fidelidade.Luz Saúde operates 29 units  including hospitals  outpatient clinics  and a senior residence  reaching 75% of the Portuguese population. With a team of 4 876 doctors  2 587 nurses  1 308 technicians  and 1 126 beds  it leads the healthcare provision in Portugal.In 2023  its 14 hospitals served over 1.1 million patients and generated 92.6% of the company's revenue. Furthermore  the 14 outpatient clinics served about 246 000 external patients and contributed 6.1% to the annual revenue. The network also includes a senior residence  responsible for 0.9% of the revenue.View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fosuns-subsidiary-fidelidade-announces-listing-plan-of-private-health-service-company-luz-saude-302114253.htmlSOURCE Fosun",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.61,0.37,0.02,True,English,"['Private Health Service Company Luz Saúde', 'Subsidiary Fidelidade', 'Listing Plan', 'Fosun', 'leading private health service provider', 'Rogério Campos Henriques', 'private healthcare service provider', 'sustained activity level growth', 'Euronext Lisbon stock exchange', 'Portuguese Securities Market Commission', 'effective cost control', 'robust solvency indicators', 'independent fundraising platform', 'strong growth momentum', 'robust capital structure', 'Luz Saúde', 'qualified institutional investors', 'public sale offer', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'capital optimization plan', 'private placement', 'leading insurer', 'health sector', 'Health segment', 'accessible healthcare', 'Portuguese citizens', 'Portuguese population', 'healthcare provision', 'long-term growth', 'capital increase', 'share capital', 'public offering', 'HONG KONG', 'continued expansion', '100 million euros', 'significant improvement', 'recent years', 'operational efficiency', 'significant expansion', 'EBIT margins', 'United States', 'potential transaction', 'key element', 'diversification effects', 'important milestone', 'corporate governance', 'senior residence', '1.1 million patients', '246,000 external patients', 'original content', 'annual revenue', 'outpatient clinics', 'majority stake', 'SOURCE Fosun', 'new shares', 'listing plan', 'Fidelidade Group', 'Fosun International', 'subsidiary', 'Portugal', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'admission', 'trading', 'part', 'conditions', 'issuance', 'quality', 'innovation', 'approach', 'profitability', 'hospitals', 'EBITDA', 'QIBs', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'CMVM', 'CEO', 'strategy', 'step', 'development', 'commitment', '29 units', 'team', '4,876 doctors', '2,587 nurses', '1,308 technicians', '1,126 beds', 'company', 'network', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases', 'saude']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46410280/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 11-Apr-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST11 April 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 10th of April 2024 it purch…,"11 April 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 10th of April 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 60 000 40 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6180 £1.3840 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.5920 £1.3620 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6124 £1.3777The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 648 841 938 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 1 655 1.6160 XDUB 09:26:59 00028779209TRDU1 3 563 1.6160 XDUB 09:26:59 00028779208TRDU1 2 109 1.6160 XDUB 09:26:59 00028779207TRDU1 3 499 1.6160 XDUB 09:26:59 00028779206TRDU1 3 157 1.6100 XDUB 10:29:36 00028779823TRDU1 3 420 1.6140 XDUB 11:24:10 00028780399TRDU1 1 667 1.6120 XDUB 11:33:06 00028780512TRDU1 4 1.6120 XDUB 11:33:06 00028780511TRDU1 2 706 1.6120 XDUB 11:33:06 00028780510TRDU1 2 000 1.6120 XDUB 11:33:06 00028780509TRDU1 1 974 1.6120 XDUB 13:30:02 00028781677TRDU1 3 326 1.6120 XDUB 13:30:02 00028781676TRDU1 1 235 1.6120 XDUB 13:30:02 00028781675TRDU1 3 217 1.6060 XDUB 13:33:23 00028781820TRDU1 750 1.5920 XDUB 14:03:39 00028782359TRDU1 2 400 1.5920 XDUB 14:03:39 00028782358TRDU1 2 652 1.6140 XDUB 15:19:37 00028784769TRDU1 2 134 1.6180 XDUB 15:21:42 00028784815TRDU1 1 489 1.6180 XDUB 15:21:42 00028784814TRDU1 2 682 1.6180 XDUB 15:31:31 00028785067TRDU1 771 1.6180 XDUB 15:31:31 00028785066TRDU1 7 174 1.6160 XDUB 15:44:40 00028785264TRDU1 499 1.6040 XDUB 16:20:31 00028786264TRDU1 2 209 1.6100 XDUB 16:25:12 00028786466TRDU1 1 200 1.6100 XDUB 16:25:12 00028786465TRDU1 2 508 1.6100 XDUB 16:26:50 00028786531TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '648,841,938 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'April', '10th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028779209TRDU1', '00028779208TRDU1', '00028779207TRDU1', '00028779206TRDU1', '00028779823TRDU1', '00028780399TRDU1', '00028780512TRDU1', '00028780511TRDU1', '00028780510TRDU1', '00028780509TRDU1', '00028781677TRDU1', '00028781676TRDU1', '00028781675TRDU1', '00028781820TRDU1', '00028782359TRDU1', '00028782358TRDU1', '00028784769TRDU1', '00028784815TRDU1', '00028784814TRDU1', '00028785067TRDU1', '00028785066TRDU1', '00028785264TRDU1', '00028786264TRDU1', '00028786466TRDU1', '00028786465TRDU1', '00028786531TRDU1']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-April-4-April-10-2024-46411940/,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 4 – April 10  2024,(marketscreener.com)          Share Buyback Transaction Details April 4 – April 10  2024 April 11  2024 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 162 428 of…,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 4 – April 10  2024April 11  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 162 428 of its own ordinary shares in the period from April 4  2024  up to and including April 10  2024  for €22.7 million and at an average share price of €139.89.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 2 066 156 293.3 141.98For the period starting February 23  2024  up to and including April 29  2024  we have engaged a third party to execute €205 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 (0) 7765-391-824 t + 31 (0)172-641-407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.29,0.69,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'new information', 'share repurchases', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'Further information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Weekly reports', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'April', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'February', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '44', '31']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861766/0/en/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notifications-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC       Leuven  BELGIUM – April 11  2024 – 07:00 PM CET Oxurion NV...,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas Special Opportunities LLCLeuven  BELGIUM – April 11  2024 – 07:00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Leuven  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received two transparency notifications as follows:Oxurion received a first transparency notification on April 10  2024  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of April 1  2024  it held 1 630 434 782 shares of the then outstanding 9 014 821 287 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (15%) by virtue of the purchase of securities. See Annex 1.Oxurion received a second transparency notification on April 10  2024  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of April 8  2024  it held 886 039 886 shares of the then outstanding 9 014 821 287 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (10%) by virtue of the sale of securities. See Annex 2.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is engaged in developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies for the treatment of retinal disease. Oxurion is based in Leuven  Belgium. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVPascal GhosonChief Executive OfficerPascal.ghoson@oxurion.com Backstage CommunicationJurgen VluijmansPartnerjurgen@backstagecom.be________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2Attachments,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.36,0.43,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notifications', 'Oxurion', 'Pascal Ghoson Chief Executive Officer Pascal', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Jurgen Vluijmans Partner jurgen', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'second transparency notification', 'two transparency notifications', 'first transparency notification', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'first paragraph', 'Euronext Brussels', 'next-generation standard', 'retinal disease', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'Backstage Communication', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'new information', 'Additional information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 9,014,821,287 shares', 'various risks', 'ANNEX 2 Attachments', '1,630,434,782 shares', '886,039,886 shares', 'ANNEX 1', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'April', '07:00 PM', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'purchase', 'sale', 'treatment', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', 'offer', 'invitation', 'assets', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'backstagecom', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/oxurion-receives-transparency-notifications-from-atlas-special-opportunities-llc-93CH-3375530,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC By Investing.com,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas (NYSE: ) Special Opportunities LLCLeuven  BELGIUM “ April 11  2024 “ 07:00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Leuven  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received two transparency notifications as follows:Oxurion received a first transparency notification on April 10  2024  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of April 1  2024  it held 1 630 434 782 shares of the then outstanding 9 014 821 287 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (15%) by virtue of the purchase of securities. See Annex 1.Oxurion received a second transparency notification on April 10  2024  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of April 8  2024  it held 886 039 886 shares of the then outstanding 9 014 821 287 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (10%) by virtue of the sale of securities. See Annex 2.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is engaged in developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies for the treatment of retinal disease. Oxurion is based in Leuven  Belgium. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company's Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVPascal GhosonChief Executive OfficerPascal.ghoson@oxurion.com Backstage CommunicationJurgen VluijmansPartnerjurgen@backstagecom.be_ ___1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings. ANNEX 1ANNEX 2AttachmentsENNLSource: Oxurion NV,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.31,0.28,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notifications', 'Investing.com', 'Oxurion', 'Oxurion NVPascal GhosonChief Executive OfficerPascal.ghoson', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Backstage CommunicationJurgen VluijmansPartnerjurgen', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'second transparency notification', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'two transparency notifications', 'first transparency notification', 'Special Opportunities LLC', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'first paragraph', 'Euronext Brussels', 'next-generation standard', 'retinal disease', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'major holdings', 'NL Source', 'More information', 'Important information', 'new information', 'Additional information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 9,014,821,287 shares', 'various risks', 'ANNEX 2 Attachments', '1,630,434,782 shares', '886,039,886 shares', 'ANNEX 1', 'NYSE', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'April', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'purchase', 'sale', 'treatment', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', 'offer', 'invitation', 'assets', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'backstagecom', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '07:00']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,investing.com
39140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZIENDA-BRESCIANA-PETROLI-120835015/news/Azienda-Bresciana-Petroli-Nocivelli-S-p-A-Nocivelli-ABP-to-attend-Virtual-Roadshow-by-Banca-46414804/,Azienda Bresciana Petroli Nocivelli S p A : Nocivelli ABP to attend “Virtual Roadshow” by Banca Akros on April 15  2024,"(marketscreener.com)   PRESS NOTE   Nocivelli ABP to attend ""Virtual Roadshow""   by Banca Akros on April 11  2024   Castegnato   April 11  2024 - A.B.P. Nocivelli S.p.A.  an Esco Company specialized in building technological systems and facility ma…","PRESS NOTENocivelli ABP to attend ""Virtual Roadshow""by Banca Akros on April 11  2024Castegnato (Brescia)  April 11  2024 - A.B.P. Nocivelli S.p.A.  an Esco Company specialized in building technological systems and facility management services  and a nationwide Public-Private Partnership clinic and hospital construction leader  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan's segment (ISIN Code IT0005439861  Ticker ABP:IM)  on April 15  2024  will be attending the ""Virtual Roadshow""  organized by Banca Akros.Management will meet the German financial community to share financial results as of December 31  2023  updates on business strategies  and growth prospects in the target market.The presentation used during the event will be made available on the website www.abpnocivelli.com  under the ""Investor Relations / Presentations"" section.This press release is available on the Company's website in the ""Investor Relations / Press Releases"" section and on www.1info.it.***The Nocivelli ABP Group was founded in Castegnato (Brescia) in 1963 and initially traded in petroleum products and lubricants. In 1988 it diversified into the construction of technological  mechanical and electrical systems  in addition to civil and industrial construction and Facility Management. The Nocivelli Group comprises the parent company ABP Nocivelli S.p.A. and the wholly-owned subsidiary RPP srl Run Power Plants  acquired in 2016  specializing in the design  manufacture  supply  installation and maintenance of LED lighting. The Group is headquartered in Castegnato (BS) and has operations in Brescia  Chieti Scalo and Ponderano (Biella). RPP is based in Castenedolo (BS). Bruno Nocivelli is the Chairperson of the Board of Directors  while Nicola Turra serves as Chief Executive Officer. As of December 31  2023  the Group's Value of production was Euro 42.6 million  with EBITDA of Euro 9.3 million and a net profit of Euro 6.4 million.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Azienda Bresciana Petroli Nocivelli S', 'Nocivelli ABP', 'Virtual Roadshow', 'Banca Akros', 'April', 'A.B.P. Nocivelli S.p.A.', 'ABP Nocivelli S.p.A.', 'RPP srl Run Power Plants', 'nationwide Public-Private Partnership clinic', 'The Nocivelli ABP Group', 'The Nocivelli Group', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'German financial community', 'facility management services', 'hospital construction leader', 'Banca Akros. Management', 'Bruno Nocivelli', 'The Group', 'Ticker ABP', 'financial results', 'PRESS NOTE', 'Virtual Roadshow', 'technological systems', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN Code', 'business strategies', 'growth prospects', 'target market', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'petroleum products', 'electrical systems', 'industrial construction', 'LED lighting', 'Chieti Scalo', 'Nicola Turra', 'net profit', 'Esco Company', 'parent company', 'April', 'Castegnato', 'Brescia', 'building', 'Milan', 'segment', 'December', 'updates', 'presentation', 'event', 'website', 'abpnocivelli', 'section', 'www', 'info', 'lubricants', 'mechanical', 'addition', 'civil', 'subsidiary', 'design', 'manufacture', 'supply', 'installation', 'maintenance', 'operations', 'Ponderano', 'Biella', 'Castenedolo', 'Chairperson', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Value', 'production', 'EBITDA']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861719/0/en/Nextensa-Convocation-to-the-ordinary-and-extraordinary-general-shareholders-meetings-of-21-May-2024.html,Nextensa : Convocation to the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings of 21 May 2024,PRESS RELEASE  REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  11 April 2024 – 5.40 PM    Convocation to the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings of...,PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  11 April 2024 – 5.40 PMConvocation to the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings of 21 May 2024The board of directors of Nextensa invites the shareholders to attend the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings that will be held on Tuesday 21 May 2024 in Maison de la Poste  Picardstraat 5 box 7  1000 Brussels.The ordinary general meeting will commence at 17.00h  immediately followed by the extraordinary general meeting of the company.The documents relating to these shareholders’ meetings are available from today on the website www.nextensa.eu under the heading ‘Investors’ – ‘General meetings’.For more informationMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAbout NextensaThe company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (43%)  Belgium (42%) and Austria (15%); its total value as at 31/12/2023 was approximately € 1.3 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalisation of € 488.6 M (value 31/12/2023).Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings', 'Nextensa', 'Convocation', '21 May 2024', 'Maison de la Poste', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'large urban developments', 'major urban extension', 'General meetings', 'investment portfolio', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Gare Maritime', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'new constructions', 'residential buildings', 'market capitalisation', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Tuesday 21 May', 'Picardstraat 5 box', 'total value', 'Euronext Brussels', 'nextensa.eu', '21 May 2024', '1000 Brussels', '11 April', 'Convocation', 'board', 'directors', '17.00h', 'company', 'documents', 'today', 'website', 'heading', 'Investors', 'B50', 'relations', 'Luxembourg', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/12', 'developer', 'Tour', 'Taxis', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', '8.6 M', 'Attachment', '5.40']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXTENSA-SA-5965/news/Nextensa-Convocation-to-the-ordinary-and-extraordinary-general-shareholders-meetings-of-21-May-46415923/,Nextensa : Convocation to the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders' meetings of 21 May 2024,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  11 April 2024 – 5.40 PM Convocation to the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings of 21 May 2024 The board of directors of Nextensa invites the shareholders to attend the ord…,PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  11 April 2024 – 5.40 PMConvocation to the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings of 21 May 2024The board of directors of Nextensa invites the shareholders to attend the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings that will be held on Tuesday 21 May 2024 in Maison de la Poste  Picardstraat 5 box 7  1000 Brussels.The ordinary general meeting will commence at 17.00h  immediately followed by the extraordinary general meeting of the company.The documents relating to these shareholders’ meetings are available from today on the website www.nextensa.eu under the heading ‘Investors’ – ‘General meetings’.For more informationMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAbout NextensaThe company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (43%)  Belgium (42%) and Austria (15%); its total value as at 31/12/2023 was approximately € 1.3 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalisation of € 488.6 M (value 31/12/2023).Attachment,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"[""extraordinary general shareholders' meetings"", 'Nextensa', 'Convocation', '21 May 2024', 'Maison de la Poste', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'large urban developments', 'major urban extension', 'General meetings', 'investment portfolio', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Gare Maritime', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'new constructions', 'residential buildings', 'market capitalisation', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Tuesday 21 May', 'Picardstraat 5 box', 'total value', 'Euronext Brussels', 'nextensa.eu', '21 May 2024', '1000 Brussels', '11 April', 'Convocation', 'board', 'directors', '17.00h', 'company', 'documents', 'today', 'website', 'heading', 'Investors', 'B50', 'relations', 'Luxembourg', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/12', 'developer', 'Tour', 'Taxis', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', '8.6 M', 'Attachment', '5.40']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Waga-Energy-announces-initiation-of-coverage-by-Oddo-BHF-46409971/,Waga Energy announces initiation of coverage by Oddo BHF,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyWaga Energy announces initiation of coverage by Oddo BHF 11-Apr-2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this ann…,Waga Energy announces initiation of coverage by Oddo BHFWaga Energy (EPA: WAGA)  a global expert in the production of Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) from landfills  is pleased to announce coverage initiation of its stock by Oddo BHF.The Waga Energy stock is now covered by the following brokerage firms:Bryan GarnierPortzamparc / BNP Paribas GroupGilbert Dupont / Société Générale GroupOddo BHFUpcoming financial communication date:• 2023 Full-Year Results on April 29th 2024  after market close.About Waga EnergyWaga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas – RNG – (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas distribution networks that supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for fossil natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it produces or by offering a purification service. Waga Energy operates 22 units (owned or sold) in France  Spain  Canada and the US  representing an installed capacity of 895 GWh per year (3 000 000 MMBtu). Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy is listed on Euronext Paris.Contact:,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Waga Energy', 'Oddo BHF', 'initiation', 'coverage', 'Société Générale Group', 'Upcoming financial communication date', 'BNP Paribas Group', 'The Waga Energy stock', 'following brokerage firms', 'Renewable Natural Gas', 'gas distribution networks', 'fossil natural gas', 'patented purification technology', 'landfill gas', 'raw gas', 'purification service', 'energy transition', 'Oddo BHF', 'global expert', 'Bryan Garnier', 'Gilbert Dupont', '2023 Full-Year Results', 'April 29th', 'long-term contracts', 'landfill operators', 'installed capacity', 'global warming', 'Euronext Paris', 'WAGABOX® units', '22 units', 'initiation', 'coverage', 'EPA', 'production', 'RNG', 'landfills', 'Portzamparc', 'market', 'biomethane', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'substitute', 'supply', 'income', 'France', 'Spain', 'Canada', '895 GWh', '3,000,000 MMBtu', 'project', 'fight', 'Contact']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/fosuns-subsidiary-fidelidade-announces-listing-plan-of-private-health-service-company-luz-saode-93CH-3374342,Fosun's Subsidiary Fidelidade Announces Listing Plan of Private Health Service Company Luz SaÃºde By Investing.com,Fosun's Subsidiary Fidelidade Announces Listing Plan of Private Health Service Company Luz SaÃºde,"HONG KONG   April 11  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Fidelidade  a subsidiary of Fosun International and Portugal's leading insurer  announced on Wednesday (10 April) that its subsidiary  Luz SaÃºde  a private healthcare service provider had communicated to the market its plan to seek admission for the trading of its shares on the Euronext Lisbon stock exchange  as part of a planned public sale offer. If realized  this operation will create better conditions for the continued expansion and growth of Luz SaÃºde in the health sector.Luz SaÃºde plans to carry out a capital increase of approximately 100 million euros through the issuance of new shares aimed at institutional investors  both domestic and international. The capital increase will be used to support the long-term growth of Luz SaÃºde  thus maintaining a more robust capital structure.Luz SaÃºde is recognized as a leading private health service provider in Portugal   noted for the quality and innovation of its approach.After the public offering  Fidelidade intends to retain the majority of the share capital of Luz SaÃºde.Luz SaÃºde has shown strong growth momentum  as well as a significant improvement in its profitability in recent years. In 2022 and 2023  it achieved double-digit revenue growth (10% and 12%  respectively). Benefitting from the sustained activity level growth of hospitals and clinics  effective cost control  and enhanced operational efficiency  it also experienced a significant expansion in EBITDA and EBIT margins.The public sale of shares is expected to be carried out through private placement  both in Portugal and abroad (including in the United States )  targeted at certain qualified institutional investors (QIBs). The admission of the shares to trading on the Euronext Lisbon will be subject to the approval of a prospectus by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (CMVM).RogÃ©rio Campos Henriques   CEO of Fidelidade said: ""This potential transaction is a key element in the strategy of the Fidelidade Group and Luz SaÃºde. It represents another step in Fidelidade's capital optimization plan  which will have even more robust solvency indicators  while allowing us to continue benefiting from diversification effects  through a majority stake in Luz SaÃºde.""Fosun stated that Luz SaÃºde's listing plan marks an important milestone for both Luz SaÃºde and Fidelidade in the health sector  which will benefit the development of Fosun's Health segment and enhance Luz SaÃºde's corporate governance  and provide Luz SaÃºde an independent fundraising platform. Fosun expressed its commitment to fulfilling its mission of offering high-quality and accessible healthcare to all Portuguese citizens through Luz SaÃºde and Fidelidade.Luz SaÃºde operates 29 units  including hospitals  outpatient clinics  and a senior residence  reaching 75% of the Portuguese population. With a team of 4 876 doctors  2 587 nurses  1 308 technicians  and 1 126 beds  it leads the healthcare provision in Portugal .In 2023  its 14 hospitals served over 1.1 million patients and generated 92.6% of the company's revenue. Furthermore  the 14 outpatient clinics served about 246 000 external patients and contributed 6.1% to the annual revenue. The network also includes a senior residence  responsible for 0.9% of the revenue.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['Private Health Service Company Luz SaÃºde', 'Subsidiary Fidelidade', 'Listing Plan', 'Fosun', 'Investing', 'leading private health service provider', 'RogÃ©rio Campos Henriques', 'private healthcare service provider', 'sustained activity level growth', 'Euronext Lisbon stock exchange', 'Portuguese Securities Market Commission', 'Luz SaÃºde', 'effective cost control', 'robust solvency indicators', 'independent fundraising platform', 'strong growth momentum', 'robust capital structure', 'qualified institutional investors', 'public sale offer', 'capital optimization plan', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'private placement', 'leading insurer', 'health sector', 'Health segment', 'accessible healthcare', 'Portuguese citizens', 'Portuguese population', 'healthcare provision', 'long-term growth', 'capital increase', 'share capital', 'public offering', 'HONG KONG', 'continued expansion', '100 million euros', 'significant improvement', 'recent years', 'operational efficiency', 'significant expansion', 'EBIT margins', 'United States', 'potential transaction', 'key element', 'diversification effects', 'listing plan', 'important milestone', 'corporate governance', 'senior residence', '1.1 million patients', '246,000 external patients', 'annual revenue', 'outpatient clinics', 'majority stake', 'new shares', 'Fidelidade Group', 'Fosun International', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'subsidiary', 'Portugal', 'Wednesday', 'admission', 'trading', 'part', 'conditions', 'issuance', 'quality', 'innovation', 'approach', 'profitability', 'hospitals', 'EBITDA', 'QIBs', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'CMVM', 'CEO', 'strategy', 'step', 'development', 'commitment', '29 units', 'team', '4,876 doctors', '2,587 nurses', '1,308 technicians', '1,126 beds', 'company', 'network']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,investing.com
39145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIR-LIQUIDE-4605/news/Air-Liquide-Share-Buyback-46415979/,Air Liquide: Share Buyback,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:The share repurchase agreement signed on February 21st  2024 between L’Air Liquide and an investment services provider ended on April 9th  2024.Pursuant to such agreement and in the context of its Share Buyback Prog…,Regulatory News:The share repurchase agreement signed on February 21st  2024 between L’Air Liquide (Paris: Al) and an investment services provider (see statement) ended on April 9th  2024.Pursuant to such agreement and in the context of its Share Buyback Program  as authorized by the Combined Shareholders’ General Meeting held on May 3rd  2023  the Company repurchased 905 000 of its own shares (representing 0.17% of the share capital of the Company as at December 31st  2023) for a final total purchase amount of 170 595 305.50€.The shares repurchased pursuant to such agreement shall in part be canceled by the Company and in part be allocated to the implementation of long-term incentive plans.Air Liquide is a world leader in gases  technologies and services for industry and healthcare. Present in 72 countries with 67 800 employees  the Group serves more than 4 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the Group’s activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group benefits from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition—particularly with hydrogen—and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.Air Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 27.5 billion euros in 2023. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50  FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240411799752/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Air Liquide', 'Share Buyback', 'Combined Shareholders’ General Meeting', 'final total purchase amount', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'long-term incentive plans', 'essential small molecules', 'DJSI Europe indexes', 'Share Buyback Program', 'investment services provider', 'share repurchase agreement', 'L’Air Liquide', 'share capital', 'Regulatory News', 'February 21st', 'April 9th', 'May 3rd', 'December 31st', 'world leader', '4 million customers', 'scientific territory', 'strategic plan', 'global performance', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'new markets', 'major assets', 'business model', 'technological expertise', '27.5 billion euros', 'compartment A', 'EURO STOXX', 'source version', 'energy transition', 'high technologies', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'The Group', 'statement', 'context', 'Company', 'shares', 'implementation', 'gases', 'industry', 'healthcare', '72 countries', '67,800 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'nitrogen', 'hydrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'activities', 'creation', 'action', 'future', 'heart', 'strategy', 'ADVANCE', 'resilience', 'strength', 'ability', 'solutions', 'climate', 'areas', 'digital', 'revenue', 'FTSE4Good', 'businesswire']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861737/0/en/Vallourec-Availability-of-the-2023-universal-registration-document.html,Vallourec : Availability of the 2023 universal registration document,Vallourec: Availability of the2023 universal registration document  Meudon (France)  April 11th  2024  Vallourec announces the availability of a new......,Vallourec: Availability of the2023 universal registration documentMeudon (France)  April 11th  2024Vallourec announces the availability of a new version of its 2023 Universal Registration Document (URD)  in accordance with applicable regulations. This new version cancels and replaces the version of this document that was filed with the “Autorité des marchés financiers” (AMF) on March 14th  2024 in ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format) under the reference D.24-0113.The English translation of this document may be consulted on the Company’s website www.vallourec.com and at the Company’s registered office  12 rue de la Verrerie - Meudon (92190).It is equally available on the AMF website: www.amf-france.org .This document includes in particular:- the 2023 annual financial report;- the report of the Board of Directors on corporate governance;- the statutory auditors’ reports;- the statement of auditors’ fees- the description of the stock repurchase program;- the statement of non-financial performance.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 15 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel : +1 (713) 409-7842Investor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.com Individual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 805 65 10 10actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['2023 universal registration document', 'Vallourec', 'Availability', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', '12 rue de la Verrerie', 'cutting edge R&D', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'new generation power plants', 'stock repurchase program', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'new technological frontiers', 'statutory auditors’ reports', '2023 universal registration document', '2023 annual financial report', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'March 14th', 'ESEF format', 'auditors’ fees', 'financial performance', 'new version', 'applicable regulations', 'English translation', 'registered office', 'corporate governance', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Individual shareholders', 'Press relations', 'Ticker VK', 'Investor relations', 'AMF website', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Availability', 'Meudon', 'France', 'April', 'URD', 'accordance', 'reference', 'Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'statement', 'description', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '15,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel', 'heloise', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4121372.html,Accor partners with Beautiful Destinations to unveil ‘For ALL The Travellers In You’ campaign,Global hospitality leader  Accor  has joined forces with leading content studio  Beautiful Destinations  to launch a groundbreaking campaign that uses video content to inspire wanderlust and reinforce brand love. The project  titled ‘For ALL The Travellers In…,Global hospitality leader  Accor  has joined forces with leading content studio  Beautiful Destinations  to launch a groundbreaking campaign that uses video content to inspire wanderlust and reinforce brand love. The project  titled ‘For ALL The Travellers In You’  leverages innovative storytelling and dynamic content creation to showcase Accor's leading brands and immersive destinations.Whilst Asia  the Pacific  Middle East  and Africa serve as the launchpad for the global activation of the project  with captivating content already making waves online  the campaign is set to expand across the globe  creating content that resonates with audiences worldwide.Accor's transformative initiative is not merely about marketing; it is about revolutionising how the hospitality industry connects with consumers. Recognising the limitations of conventional static imagery in capturing the essence of ALL - Accor Live Limitless  Accor’s lifestyle loyalty program  and the invaluable contributions of its employees  the company sought a partner who could bring its vision to life. Beautiful Destinations – a multi-award-winning strategy  creative  and content studio with one of the world's largest and most influential online travel communities – was the perfect collaborator for Accor's ambitious project.Together  Accor and Beautiful Destinations are reshaping consumer perceptions and enhancing brand visibility through dynamic  personalised content creation. With a combined social media following of over 32 million across two of its platforms (Beautiful Destinations with 26 million followers and Beautiful Hotels with 6 million followers on Instagram)  the partnership has vast reach. The project's thematic focus  ‘From Dawn to Dusk’  spans 21 Asian  Pacific  and Middle Eastern destinations and 67 hotels so far with another 20 destinations in the pipeline  showcasing culturally rich experiences within and beyond Accor's properties. This strategic partnership aims not only to inspire wanderlust  but also to foster deep audience connections and amplify Accor's digital brand presence.The pioneering campaign harnesses the power of video content  leveraging the fact that video is 80 percent more memorable than text or images. This multimedia approach taps into emotions with storytelling that static content cannot match  resonating with the 85 percent of Asia-Pacific users who watch at least one video when planning their leisure trips. Today's digital travel inspiration and planning encompass a variety of platforms  with short-form video consumption on the rise  evidenced by the robust growth of TikTok and the popularity of reels and shorts on popular channels such as Meta and YouTube.In addition to the ‘From Dawn to Dusk’ content  the partnership resulted in more than 2 000 high-quality photos  over 400 15-second cutdowns  and more than 400 vertical videos (5-15 seconds) so far. The campaign's versatile content can be used to enhance event experiences  during member recruitment efforts  and as compelling brand pitch tools for partners and sales.The collaboration goes beyond content creation; it encompasses distribution strategies that drive bookings  brand recognition and engagement. By leveraging Beautiful Destinations' expertise in travel content and Accor's extensive portfolio of brands and hotels  the partnership ensures that every piece of content serves a purpose  resonating with audiences and driving tangible business outcomes. The pilot phase elevated Accor's marketing efforts  portraying its hotels as immersive destinations and reshaping consumer perceptions.Over 1 000 dedicated Accor employees supported the initiative  with 300 actively participating as models  showcasing their talents and exemplary service. This collaborative effort reflects Accor's unified spirit and shared values  fostering cohesion among employees while empowering the group to communicate its brand narrative effectively.Kerry Healy  Chief Commercial Officer  Middle East  Africa  Turkey & Asia Pacific  Premium  Midscale & Economy  expressed her excitement about the initiative: We are incredibly excited about this groundbreaking initiative  which represents a pivotal moment for Accor in revolutionising hospitality marketing. Partnering with Beautiful Destinations brings an unparalleled level of reach  innovation  and stunning visual aesthetic to our campaign. With their extensive social media following and reputation for creating captivating content  we have a unique opportunity to showcase Accor's leading brands and destinations to a global audience. This collaboration enables us to not only drive increased revenue and occupancy rates  but also to establish lasting connections with travellers around the world.Jeremy Jauncey  Founder & Chief Executive Officer of Beautiful Destinations  shared his thoughts about the partnership: We could not be prouder to have partnered with Accor in such a deep and meaningful way to support their marketing efforts and create content across Asia  Asia-Pacific  and the Middle East. It is widely understood that many guests now begin their travel planning on social media and with video content  so to provide what guests need at each stage of the consideration funnel  Accor is leading the way in hospitality marketing by launching such a comprehensive content strategy.With Accor's ‘For ALL The Travellers In You’ campaign set to deliver tangible business outcomes  including heightened revenue and occupancy rates  the brand's dedication to sustainability and exceptional guest experiences will be prominently highlighted. The campaign underscores the group's commitment to innovation  excellence  and guest satisfaction  reaffirming its position as a trailblazer in the hospitality industry.An example of Accor’s ‘For ALL The Travellers In You’ campaign video in different Asian  Pacific  and Middle Eastern destinations can be viewed here. For images of the campaign  please click here for Asian destinations; here for Middle Eastern destinations; and here for Pacific destinations.ABOUT ACCORAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.ABOUT BEAUTIFUL DESTINATIONSBeautiful Destinations is a multi-award-winning strategy  creative  and content studio with one of the world’s largest and most influential online travel communities. Identified by FAST COMPANY as one of the “Most Innovative Companies In The World”  Beautiful Destinations makes highly converting video content for many of the largest brands in travel and tourism  with 50 million followers across its social channels. For more information  please visit www.beautifuldestinations.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.32,0.67,0.01,positive,0.7,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['Accor partners', 'Beautiful Destinations', 'Travellers', 'campaign', 'influential online travel communities', 'compelling brand pitch tools', 'dynamic, personalised content creation', 'lifestyle loyalty program', 'digital travel inspiration', 'tangible business outcomes', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'stunning visual aesthetic', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'dynamic content creation', 'conventional static imagery', 'culturally rich experiences', 'digital brand presence', 'member recruitment efforts', 'short-form video consumption', 'Global hospitality leader', 'extensive social media', 'Middle Eastern destinations', ""Beautiful Destinations' expertise"", 'deep audience connections', 'leading content studio', '1,000 dedicated Accor employees', 'travel content', 'global audience', 'brand love', 'brand visibility', 'static content', 'event experiences', 'brand recognition', 'extensive portfolio', 'brand narrative', 'lasting connections', 'global activation', 'hospitality industry', 'marketing efforts', 'hospitality marketing', 'video content', 'leading brands', 'immersive destinations', 'invaluable contributions', 'perfect collaborator', 'consumer perceptions', '26 million followers', 'thematic focus', 'multimedia approach', 'one video', 'leisure trips', 'robust growth', 'popular channels', '2,000 high-quality photos', '400 15-second cutdowns', '400 vertical videos', 'versatile content', 'distribution strategies', 'exemplary service', 'collaborative effort', 'unified spirit', 'Kerry Healy', 'pivotal moment', 'unparalleled level', 'unique opportunity', 'increased revenue', 'occupancy rates', 'Jeremy Jauncey', 'meaningful way', 'many guests', '21 Asian, Pacific', 'innovative storytelling', 'transformative initiative', 'vast reach', 'Asia-Pacific users', 'Dusk’ content', 'groundbreaking initiative', 'captivating content', 'groundbreaking campaign', 'pioneering campaign', 'Beautiful Hotels', 'ambitious project', 'strategic partnership', 'Asia Pacific', '20 destinations', '67 hotels', 'forces', 'wanderlust', 'Travellers', 'Africa', 'launchpad', 'waves', 'globe', 'audiences', 'consumers', 'limitations', 'essence', 'company', 'vision', 'world', 'largest', 'combined', 'platforms', 'Instagram', 'Dawn', 'pipeline', 'properties', 'power', 'fact', 'text', 'images', 'emotions', '85 percent', 'planning', 'variety', 'rise', 'TikTok', 'popularity', 'reels', 'shorts', 'Meta', 'YouTube', 'addition', 'sales', 'collaboration', 'bookings', 'engagement', 'piece', 'purpose', 'pilot', 'Over', 'models', 'talents', 'shared', 'values', 'cohesion', 'group', 'Turkey', 'Premium', 'Midscale', 'Economy', 'excitement', 'innovation', 'reputation', 'Founder', 'thoughts']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,hospitalitynet.org
39148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861230/0/en/ONWARD-Medical-Announces-Publication-of-Full-Year-2023-Financial-Results-and-Business-Update-Webcast.html,ONWARD® Medical Announces Publication of Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Business Update Webcast,ONWARD® Medical Announces Publication of Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Business Update Webcast  ......,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 11  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announces that it will publish Full Year 2023 Financial Results and host a webcast to discuss business highlights.The webcast will be held on April 25  2024  at 2:00PM CET / 08:00AM ET. It will be hosted by CEO Dave Marver and Interim CFO Khaled Bahi  who will discuss highlights from 2023 and provide a business update.To join the webcast via Zoom  please register using this link.Participants may also join by phone:+32 2 290 9360 (Belgium)+49 69 3807 9884 (Germany)+31 20 794 0854 (Netherlands)+41 22 591 0156 (Switzerland)+44 203 481 5240 (United Kingdom)+1 346 248 7799 (US)Additional telephone numbers availableMeeting ID: 869 3710 5839A recording of the webcast will be available on the Company’s website following the live event.To learn more about ONWARD Medical’s commitment to partnering with the SCI Community to develop innovative solutions for restoring movement  function  and independence after spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.*All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC-BCI™  and ARC Therapy™  alone or in combination with a brain-computer interface (BCI)  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy™ platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX® or implantable ARC-IM® systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company’s pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company has submitted its De Novo regulatory application to the FDA for ARC-EX clearance in the US and is preparing for regulatory submission in Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation after SCI. Other ongoing studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI) to address multiple symptoms of SCI.Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD Medical has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL)  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).ONWARD Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com  and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Khaled Bahi  Interim CFOinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC-BCI™ and ARC Therapy™  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.09,0.24,0.67,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Business Update Webcast', 'ONWARD® Medical', 'Publication', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'ten Breakthrough Device Designations', 'De Novo regulatory application', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'Full Year 2023 Financial Results', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Interim CFO Khaled Bahi', 'spinal cord injury', 'CEO Dave Marver', 'Additional telephone numbers', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'upper extremity strength', 'blood pressure regulation', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'ARC Therapy™ platform', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'ONWARD Medical devices', 'ONWARD® ARC Therapy', 'implantable ARC-IM® systems', 'implantable ARC-IM platform', 'Other ongoing studies', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'medical technology company', 'innovative solutions', 'Positive results', 'regulatory submission', 'financial effects', 'actual results', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', '2:00PM CET', 'United Kingdom', 'Meeting ID', 'live event', 'brain-computer interface', 'commercial use', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'Drug Administration', 'pivotal study', 'multiple symptoms', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'Media Enquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'VP Communications', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'forward-looking statements', 'US Food', 'external ARC-EX®', 'ARC-EX clearance', 'US office', 'future accuracy', 'The Company', 'business highlights', 'business update', 'combination use', 'Euronext Brussels', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'movement disabilities', 'SCI Community', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'ONWD', 'function', 'independence', 'people', 'webcast', '08:00AM', 'Zoom', 'link', 'Participants', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'recording', 'website', 'commitment', 'ARC-BCI™', 'ability', 'FDA', 'Europe', 'parallel', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'Amsterdam', 'ticker', 'information', 'YouTube', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39149,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-final-results-of-tender-offer-to-purchase-tetragon-nonvoting-shares-93CH-3375507,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Final Results of Tender Offer to Purchase Tetragon Non-Voting Shares By Investing.com,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Final Results of Tender Offer to Purchase Tetragon Non-Voting Shares,"LONDON   April 11  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon announces the final results of the ""modified Dutch auction"" tender offer to purchase a portion of the outstanding non-voting shares of Tetragon for a maximum aggregate payment of $25 000 000 in cash. The tender offer expired at 11:59 p.m. (ET) on 10 April 2024 .J.P. Morgan Securities plc (which conducts its UK investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove) acted as dealer manager for the tender offer and Computershare Investor Services PLC acted as tender agent for the tender offer. As dealer manager  J.P. Morgan determined the final purchase price at which Tetragon will purchase shares in the tender offer. As tender agent  Computershare determined the final proration factor.In accordance with the terms of the tender offer  Tetragon has accepted for purchase 2 439 015 non-voting shares at a purchase price of $10.25 per share. The aggregate cost of this purchase is $24 999 903.75   excluding fees and expenses relating to the tender offer. A total of 3 251 360 Tetragon non-voting shares were properly tendered and not properly withdrawn at or below the purchase price of $10.25 per share. Because more than $25 000 000 in value of Tetragon non-voting shares was properly tendered and not properly withdrawn  the tender offer was subject to proration pursuant to the terms of the tender offer  with appropriate adjustments to avoid purchases of fractional shares. The final proration factor  which is applicable only to shares properly tendered and not properly withdrawn at the purchase price of $10.25 per share  is 54.39%  rounded to the second decimal place.1Tetragon will promptly make payment for the shares validly tendered and accepted for purchase  which is expected to occur on or about 16 April 2024 . All shares tendered and not purchased in the tender offer will be promptly returned to the tendering shareholders.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon's non-voting shares are subject to restrictions on ownership by U.S. persons and are not intended for European retail investors.Please see: https://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders/additional-information.Tetragon: Press Inquiries:Yuko Thomas Prosek Partners Investor Relations Pro-tetragon@prosek.com ir@tetragoninv.com U.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR   and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States . In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit FinanciÃ«le Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.J.P. Morgan Securities plc  which is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom   is acting exclusively for Tetragon and for no one else in connection with the tender offer and will not be responsible to anyone (whether or not recipient of the tender offer) other than Tetragon for providing the protections afforded to the clients of J.P. Morgan Securities plc or for providing advice in relation to the tender offer.1 The full final proration factor applied is 54.3925090924607%.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Tetragon Non-Voting Shares', 'Final Results', 'Tender Offer', 'Investing', 'J.P. Morgan Securities plc', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'modified Dutch auction"" tender offer', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'J.P. Morgan Cazenove', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Autoriteit FinanciÃ«le Markten', 'UK investment banking business', 'Yuko Thomas Prosek Partners', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'UK Prudential Regulation Authority', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'full final proration factor', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'alternative investment fund', 'U.S. persons', 'second decimal place', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'outstanding non-voting shares', 'maximum aggregate payment', 'European retail investors', 'final purchase price', '3,251,360 Tetragon non-voting shares', 'investment manager', 'Withdrawal) Act', 'Netherlands Authority', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'U.K.', 'final results', 'Investor Relations', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', '2,439,015 non-voting shares', 'aggregate cost', 'European Union', 'tender agent', 'public offer', 'dealer manager', 'appropriate adjustments', 'Press Inquiries', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'United Kingdom', 'fractional shares', 'tendering shareholders', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'portion', 'cash', 'accordance', 'terms', 'fees', 'expenses', 'total', 'value', 'purchases', 'tetragoninv', 'restrictions', 'ownership', 'additional-information', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'benefits', 'Section', 'connection', 'recipient', 'protections', 'clients', 'advice', '11:59']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,investing.com
39150,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WALLIX-GROUP-22497377/news/Wallix-Group-Sustained-hypergrowth-in-recurring-business-in-Q1-2024-46416150/,Wallix Group :  Sustained hypergrowth in recurring business in Q1 2024,(marketscreener.com)  Monthly recurring revenue up 33.6% as of March 31  2024;Annual recurring revenue of €20.6 million as of March 31  2024  representing 68.3% of 2023 turnover;Q1 2024 turnover of €7.0 million;Confirmation of profitable growth from H2 …,"Monthly recurring revenue (MRR) up 33.6% as of March 31  2024;Annual recurring revenue of €20.6 million as of March 31  2024  representing 68.3% of 2023 turnover;Q1 2024 turnover of €7.0 million;Confirmation of profitable growth from H2 2024.Paris  Avril 11  2024 - WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in identity and access management (IAM) and privileged access management (PAM)  announces its business performance for Q1 2024.Unaudited data (€000) 30/06/2023 30/09/2023 31/12/2023 31/03/2024 Monthly recurring revenue 1 415 1 550 1 641 1 719 Change over 12 months +26.1% +32.6% +32.9% +33.6%Jean-Noël de Galzain  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WALLIX Group  said: “The ramp-up of our subscription model is continuing at a sustained pace  involving a change in uses among our existing clients and a significant number of new contracts. Recurring business continued to grow beyond the 30% mark in the first quarter.Cybersecurity risk is a central concern for European governance bodies that is also weighing on companies. 2024 promises to be a particularly dynamic year  marked by the adoption of the NIS 2 Directive in October and the new DORA regulation  which explicitly covers financial services in the European Union. Accessible as an appliance or in SaaS mode  our solutions are recognized by leading market analysts as a means of helping organizations protect their digital access and users and manage their compliance processes. We have also set up within our company a team of cybersecurity experts tasked with helping our resellers and integrators deploy identity and access management solutions among our clients  and we are backed by a solid financial position to prepare for the future.WALLIX is therefore ideally placed to seize these growth opportunities and maintain the surge in recurring business  the cornerstone of our activity. We are confirming our target of generating an operating profit from the second half of 2024.”Recurring business growth of over 30%Monthly recurring revenue (MRR) as of March 31  2024 totaled €1.7 million  up 33.6% versus March 31  2023  in line with hypergrowth rates achieved during the previous two quarters.On an annual basis  recurring business amounted to €20.6 million as of March 31  2024  representing 68.3% of 2023 consolidated turnover  up 7.0 percentage points over one year.Dedicated to the protection of industrial systems and networks  the OT segment continues to post solid sales momentum  particularly in the Middle East/Africa region  and is confirming its status as a significant area of expansion for the Group  which is gradually becoming a benchmark in the field. Meanwhile  the reorganization of the Group's sales and marketing teams is beginning to show its potential via a concerted drive to enhance the existing client base of nearly 3 000 active contracts by optimizing the basket of high-potential clients through up-selling and cross-selling operations.Q1 2024 consolidated turnover amounted to €7.0 million  up 13.7% compared to Q1 2023  reflecting sound management of the shift towards a subscription model.Return to profitable growth confirmed for the second half of 2024Against the backdrop of continuous development  the proliferation of cyberattacks and the ramp-up in cybersecurity  WALLIX is positioned as a European PAM player offering certified solutions in France  and soon in Germany  and a unique positioning in the OT segment  giving it major competitive advantages. Given the booming market and the Group's various growth drivers  WALLIX is confident in its ability to maintain hypergrowth in recurring business and generate an operating profit as from H2 2024.Next Event: Cyber Vision Day by WALLIX  May 21  2024Next publication: 2024 H1 revenue  July 18  2024ABOUT WALLIXWALLIX is a European cybersecurity software developer and world leader in the Identity and Access Management market. With a strategy based on innovation and agility  WALLIX's mission is to simplify cybersecurity for its clients worldwide. The WALLIX range of solutions is distributed by a network of over 300 resellers and integrators worldwide  and WALLIX supports nearly 3 000 organizations across more than 90 countries in securing their digital transformation.The company is listed on Euronext (ALLIX). The founders and managers  as well as the investment structure Thierry Dassault Holding  are the historical reference shareholders.OT.security by WALLIX is a brand dedicated to the security of digital access and identities in industrial environments.WALLIX affirms its digital responsibility and is committed to contributing to the construction of a trusted European digital space  guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of data for organizations  as well as for individuals concerned about the protection of their digital identity and privacy. Digital technology  whether for professional or personal use  must be ethical and responsible in order to pursue a secure societal digital transformation that respects individual freedoms.www.WALLIX.com | info@WALLIX.comFINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONACTUS Finance & CommunicationInvestor Relations - Hélène de Watteville+33 1 53 67 36 33 / wallix@actus.frPress Relations - Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt+33 6 24 03 26 52 / acdudicourt@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mJyfZpScYm3IlmxqZMmYb5dramZol5SVZ5bGxWKalpvKmmxjnJhmZ5qcZnFmlW5p- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85093-allix_ca_t1_2024_veng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.6,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['Wallix Group', 'recurring business', 'hypergrowth', 'Q1', 'Jean-Noël de Galzain', 'trusted European digital space', 'European cybersecurity software developer', 'secure societal digital transformation', 'European governance bodies', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'previous two quarters', 'Middle East/Africa region', 'major competitive advantages', 'Cyber Vision Day', 'Thierry Dassault Holding', 'historical reference shareholders', 'leading market analysts', 'new DORA regulation', 'solid financial position', 'existing client base', 'various growth drivers', 'Monthly recurring revenue', 'European PAM player', 'privileged access management', 'solid sales momentum', 'Annual recurring revenue', 'Access Management market', 'The WALLIX range', 'Recurring business growth', 'access management solutions', 'Q1 2024 consolidated turnover', 'European Union', 'digital access', '2024 H1 revenue', 'booming market', 'sound management', 'new contracts', 'financial services', 'annual basis', '2023 consolidated turnover', 'digital responsibility', 'Digital technology', 'profitable growth', 'growth opportunities', 'Cybersecurity risk', 'cybersecurity experts', 'business performance', 'subscription model', 'sustained pace', 'existing clients', 'significant number', 'first quarter', 'central concern', 'dynamic year', 'NIS 2 Directive', 'SaaS mode', 'compliance processes', 'operating profit', 'second half', 'one year', 'industrial systems', 'OT segment', 'significant area', 'marketing teams', 'concerted drive', '3,000 active contracts', 'cross-selling operations', 'continuous development', 'unique positioning', 'Next Event', 'Next publication', 'world leader', 'investment structure', 'industrial environments', 'personal use', 'individual freedoms', 'Q1 2024 turnover', 'digital identity', 'Unaudited data', 'hypergrowth rates', 'high-potential clients', 'ramp-up in', 'OT.security', 'Euronext ALLIX', 'WALLIX Group', '2023 turnover', 'MRR', 'March', 'Confirmation', 'H2', 'Paris', 'Avril', 'IAM', 'Change', '12 months', 'Chairman', 'uses', '30% mark', 'companies', '2024 promises', 'adoption', 'October', 'appliance', 'means', 'organizations', 'users', 'company', 'resellers', 'integrators', 'future', 'surge', 'cornerstone', 'activity', 'target', 'line', 'protection', 'networks', 'status', 'expansion', 'benchmark', 'field', 'reorganization', 'basket', 'shift', 'Return', 'backdrop', 'proliferation', 'cyberattacks', 'certified', 'France', 'Germany', 'ability', 'May', 'July', 'strategy', 'innovation', 'agility', 'mission', '90 countries', 'founders', 'managers', 'brand', 'identities', 'construction', 'confidentiality', 'individuals', 'privacy', 'professional', 'order']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39151,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-publishes-Its-annual-report-and-submits-Form-20-F-for-the-year-ended-31-December-2023-46410673/,Euronav : publishes Its annual report and submits Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Euronav publishes Its annual report and submits Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2023      11 Apr 2024 08:10 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   EURONAV      EURONAV PUBLISHES ITS...https://www.marketscreene…,"Euronav publishes Its annual report and submits Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2023EURONAV PUBLISHES ITS ANNUAL REPORT AND SUBMITS FORM 20-F FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 ANTWERP  Belgium  11 April 2023 - Euronav NV (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN) (""Euronav"" or the ""Company"") published its annual report in accordance with Belgian law for the year ended on 31 December 2023 on the Company's website (www.euronav.com) in the ""Investors"" section under ""Company news & reports"".Furthermore  Euronav's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2023 was submitted on Wednesday 10 April 2023 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The annual report on Form 20-F will be available to download from Euronav's website (www.euronav.com) in the ""Investors"" section under ""SEC Filings"" at 06:00 am ET today. Printed copies of the complete audited financial statements contained in the annual report on Form 20-F can be requested free of charge from the Company at its registered office De Gerlachekaai 20  2000 Antwerp  Belgium or via e-mail at communications@euronav.com or by telephone +32-3-247-44-11.* * *Contact: Head of Marketing & Communications - Katrien Hennin Tel: +32 499393470 Email: communications@euronav.comPublication first quarter 2024 results - Wednesday 8 May 2024About Euronav NV & CMB.TECHEuronav and CMB.TECH together represent a group with around 150 ocean-going vessels (including newbuildings) in dry bulk  container shipping  chemical tankers  offshore wind and oil tankers. The group focuses on large marine and industrial applications on hydrogen or ammonia. They also offer hydrogen and ammonia fuel to customers  through own production or third-party producers. The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices across Europe and Asia. Euronav is listed on Euronext Brussels and on the NYSE under the symbol EURN. Euronav plans to change the group's name to CMB.TECH. Euronav will remain the oil tanker shipping company within the group.Forward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbour protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbour provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbour legislation. The words ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""may""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""pending"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.20240411-ar-20f-filing.pdf",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,negative,0.02,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['annual report', 'Euronav', 'Form', 'year', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'oil tanker shipping company', 'U.S. Securities', 'United States Securities', 'safe harbour protections', 'safe harbour provisions', 'safe harbour legislation', 'tanker vessel capacity', 'first quarter 2024 results', 'international political conditions', 'historical operating trends', 'general market conditions', 'charter counterparty performance', 'other important factors', 'future litigation', 'oil tankers', 'container shipping', 'shipping routes', 'other factors', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'charter rates', 'vessel values', 'operating expenses', 'general domestic', 'political events', 'other risks', 'other statements', 'annual report', 'Belgian law', 'Investors"" section', 'Exchange Commission', 'registered office', 'De Gerlachekaai', 'Katrien Hennin', 'dry bulk', 'chemical tankers', 'offshore wind', 'large marine', 'industrial applications', 'third-party producers', 'press release', 'prospective information', 'future events', 'cautionary statement', 'similar expressions', 'third parties', 'world economies', 'bunker prices', 'insurance costs', 'governmental rules', 'regulatory authorities', 'potential liability', 'potential disruption', 'financial statements', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'other data', '150 ocean-going vessels', 'vessels breakdowns', 'Company news', 'Form 20-F', 'SEC Filings', 'ammonia fuel', 'Euronext Brussels', 'significant uncertainties', 'complete discussion', 'underlying assumptions', 'various assumptions', 'financing arrangements', 'EURONAV PUBLISHES', 'Euronav NV', 'euronav.com', 'Wednesday 10 April', 'CMB.TECH', '11 April', 'year', 'SUBMITS', 'DECEMBER', 'ANTWERP', 'Belgium', 'NYSE', 'EURN', 'accordance', 'website', 'reports', 'copies', 'charge', 'mail', 'communications', 'telephone', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Publication', 'May', 'group', 'newbuildings', 'hydrogen', 'customers', 'production', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'name', 'Matters', 'order', 'companies', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'advantage', 'connection', 'words', 'forecast', 'project', 'turn', 'limitation', 'management', 'examination', 'records', 'contingencies', 'control', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'addition', 'view', 'failure', 'counterparties', 'contracts', 'strength', 'currencies', 'fluctuations', 'changes', 'demand', 'dry-docking', 'availability', 'refinancing', 'covenants', 'regulations', 'actions', 'pending', 'accidents', 'instances', 'hires', '06:00']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39152,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ION-BEAM-APPLICATIONS-SA-6002/news/Iba-Transparency-Notification-46416090/,Iba – Transparency Notification,(marketscreener.com) Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  April 11  2024  6pm Summary of the notification IBA   the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  announces that it has to issue a transparency notification  in accordan…,Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  April 11  2024  6pmSummary of the notificationIBA (Ion Beam Applications)  the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  announces that it has to issue a transparency notification  in accordance with Article 14  al. 1 of the Transparency Law of May 2  2007  on disclosure of major holdings  further to the notification received on April 9  2024.In its notification  Vallcara Limited indicated that following an acquisition  its total shareholding in IBA SA had increased and its shareholding in IBA shares with voting rights had crossed the threshold of 2% on 08/04/2024.Content of the notificationReason for the notification: Acquisition or disposal of securities or voting rightsNotification by: A parent undertaking or a controlling personPersons subject to the notification requirement:Date on which the threshold is crossed: 08/04/2024Threshold crossed (in %) : 2%Denominator : 40.595.290Notified details: (extract of the received notification form)Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively heldVallcara Limited is 100% owned by Vallgesa Limited (C 58154)  a company registered in Malta.Additional informationVallcara Limited has reached the 2% notification threshold due to acquisition of shares. Vallcara Ltd. is the investment manager who can exercise the voting rights at its discretion in the absence of specific instructions.”About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2.000 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFor further information  please contact:Valérie Van ImpeParalegal+32479267809legal@iba-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Transparency Notification', 'Iba', 'Valérie Van Impe Paralegal', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'Additional information Vallcara Limited', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'proton therapy solutions', 'Vallgesa Limited', 'Vallcara Ltd.', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'radiation therapy', 'More information', 'leading provider', 'Transparency Law', 'major holdings', 'voting rights', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'Notified details', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'investment manager', 'specific instructions', 'leading supplier', 'advanced form', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'B Corporation', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'total shareholding', 'world leader', 'transparency notification', 'notification requirement', 'notification form', 'IBA SA', 'IBA shares', '2% notification threshold', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'April', '6pm', 'Summary', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'accordance', 'al.', 'May', 'disclosure', 'acquisition', '08/04', 'Content', 'Reason', 'disposal', 'securities', 'Persons', 'Date', 'Denominator', 'extract', 'company', 'Malta', 'discretion', 'absence', 'equipment', 'services', 'field', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2.000 people', 'social', 'EURONEXT', 'BB', 'group', 'Attachment']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39153,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/04/11/mirae-asset-global-investments-co-ltd-takes-position-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Takes Position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) in the 4th quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm bought 104 900 shares of the company’s stock  valued…,Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) in the 4th quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm bought 104 900 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $16 553 000.Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in RSP. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter valued at about $26 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter valued at about $26 000. Householder Group Estate & Retirement Specialist LLC acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter valued at about $28 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter valued at about $38 000. Finally  Bartlett & CO. Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter valued at about $44 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceRSP stock opened at $164.71 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $46.56 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52-week low of $133.34 and a 52-week high of $169.80. The business has a 50-day simple moving average of $163.47 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $153.40.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Mirae Asset Global Investments Co.', 'Position', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd.', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', '50-day simple moving average', 'CO. Wealth Management LLC', 'Several other large investors', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Retirement Specialist LLC', 'recent 13F filing', 'Householder Group Estate', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'daily performance', 'RSP stock', 'Free Report', 'email address', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'new stake', '4th quarter', 'new position', '3rd quarter', '2nd quarter', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'financial companies', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'SEC', 'firm', '104,900 shares', 'company', 'changes', 'positions', 'Bartlett', 'Thursday', 'beta', 'business', 'transportation', 'Reading']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,etfdailynews.com
39154,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861238/0/en/Press-Release-of-Believe-s-Ad-Hoc-Committee.html,Press Release of Believe’s Ad-Hoc Committee,Press Release of Believe’s Ad-Hoc Committee  Paris  11 April 2024  Following the decision of Warner Music Group not to make an offer for Believe  the......,Press Release of Believe’s Ad-Hoc CommitteeParis  11 April 2024 Following the decision of Warner Music Group not to make an offer for Believe  the Ad-Hoc Committee has continued to supervise the work of the independent expert (Ledouble) on the announced cash public tender offer to be filed by the Consortium for the Believe shares at 15 euros per share announced on 12 February 2024  which would follow the Block Acquisitions of 71.92% from the historical shareholders of the Company (the “Offer”).The Ad-Hoc Committee reminds that the Block Acquisitions and the ensuing Offer remain subject to the Board of Directors of Believe giving its reasoned opinion including a positive recommendation of the Offer  notably following issuance of the independent expert report.Based on its interaction with the independent expert  the Ad-Hoc Committee expects that the Board of Directors should be in a position to give its reasoned opinion by 19 April 2024*****About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 919 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.comForward Looking statementThis press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the prospects and growth strategies of Believe and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). These statements include statements relating to the Group’s intentions  strategies  growth prospects  and trends in its results of operations  financial situation and liquidity. Although such statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers reasonable  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ from those anticipated in such statements due to a variety of factors  including those discussed in the Group’s filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which are available on the website of Believe (www.believe.com). Prospective information contained in this press release is given only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by law  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation to update its forward-looking statements in light of new information or future developments. Some of the financial information contained in this press release is not IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) accounting measures.Press contacts:believe@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton |+33 6 79 99 27 15Benoit Grange |+33 6 14 45 09 26Investor Relations contact:Emilie.megel@believe.comEmilie MEGEL| +33 6 07 09 98 60Attachment,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,positive,0.73,0.24,0.03,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Ad-Hoc Committee', 'Believe', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'International Financial Reporting Standards) accounting measures', 'cash public tender offer', 'leading digital music companies', 'global technology platform', 'unique digital expertise', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Investor Relations contact', 'digital music experts', 'independent expert report', 'The Ad-Hoc Committee', 'Warner Music Group', 'financial situation', 'financial information', 'digital world', 'Press Release', 'Block Acquisitions', 'historical shareholders', 'positive recommendation', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment B', 'regulated market', 'numerous risks', 'Prospective information', 'new information', 'future developments', 'Press contacts', 'Benoit Grange', 'independent artists', 'ensuing Offer', 'various solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'growth strategies', 'growth prospects', 'actual results', 'forward-looking statements', 'Believe shares', 'reasoned opinion', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'decision', 'work', 'Ledouble', 'Consortium', '15 euros', '12 February', 'Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'issuance', 'interaction', 'position', '19 April', 'mission', 'labels', 'audience', 'stage', 'career', '1,919 employees', '50 countries', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'TuneCore', 'AllPoints', 'Ishtar', 'Byond', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'subsidiaries', 'intentions', 'trends', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'data', 'assumptions', 'estimates', 'uncertainties', 'variety', 'factors', 'filings', 'AMF', 'website', 'date', 'law', 'obligation', 'light', 'IFRS', 'brunswickgroup', 'Attachment']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BELIEVE-123488703/news/Press-Release-of-Believe-s-Ad-Hoc-Committee-46410281/,Press Release of Believe's Ad-Hoc Committee,(marketscreener.com) Press Release of Believe’s Ad-Hoc Committee Paris  11 April 2024  Following the decision of Warner Music Group not to make an offer for Believe  the Ad-Hoc Committee has continued to supervise the work of the independent expert on the ann…,Press Release of Believe’s Ad-Hoc CommitteeParis  11 April 2024 Following the decision of Warner Music Group not to make an offer for Believe  the Ad-Hoc Committee has continued to supervise the work of the independent expert (Ledouble) on the announced cash public tender offer to be filed by the Consortium for the Believe shares at 15 euros per share announced on 12 February 2024  which would follow the Block Acquisitions of 71.92% from the historical shareholders of the Company (the “Offer”).The Ad-Hoc Committee reminds that the Block Acquisitions and the ensuing Offer remain subject to the Board of Directors of Believe giving its reasoned opinion including a positive recommendation of the Offer  notably following issuance of the independent expert report.Based on its interaction with the independent expert  the Ad-Hoc Committee expects that the Board of Directors should be in a position to give its reasoned opinion by 19 April 2024*****About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 919 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.comForward Looking statementThis press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the prospects and growth strategies of Believe and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). These statements include statements relating to the Group’s intentions  strategies  growth prospects  and trends in its results of operations  financial situation and liquidity. Although such statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers reasonable  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ from those anticipated in such statements due to a variety of factors  including those discussed in the Group’s filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which are available on the website of Believe (www.believe.com). Prospective information contained in this press release is given only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by law  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation to update its forward-looking statements in light of new information or future developments. Some of the financial information contained in this press release is not IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) accounting measures.Press contacts:believe@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton |+33 6 79 99 27 15Benoit Grange |+33 6 14 45 09 26Investor Relations contact:Emilie.megel@believe.comEmilie MEGEL| +33 6 07 09 98 60Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.73,0.24,0.03,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Ad-Hoc Committee', 'Believe', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'International Financial Reporting Standards) accounting measures', 'cash public tender offer', 'leading digital music companies', 'global technology platform', 'unique digital expertise', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Investor Relations contact', 'digital music experts', 'independent expert report', 'The Ad-Hoc Committee', 'Warner Music Group', 'financial situation', 'financial information', 'digital world', 'Press Release', 'Block Acquisitions', 'historical shareholders', 'positive recommendation', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment B', 'regulated market', 'numerous risks', 'Prospective information', 'new information', 'future developments', 'Press contacts', 'Benoit Grange', 'independent artists', 'ensuing Offer', 'various solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'growth strategies', 'growth prospects', 'actual results', 'forward-looking statements', 'Believe shares', 'reasoned opinion', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'decision', 'work', 'Ledouble', 'Consortium', '15 euros', '12 February', 'Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'issuance', 'interaction', 'position', '19 April', 'mission', 'labels', 'audience', 'stage', 'career', '1,919 employees', '50 countries', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'TuneCore', 'AllPoints', 'Ishtar', 'Byond', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'subsidiaries', 'intentions', 'trends', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'data', 'assumptions', 'estimates', 'uncertainties', 'variety', 'factors', 'filings', 'AMF', 'website', 'date', 'law', 'obligation', 'light', 'IFRS', 'brunswickgroup', 'Attachment']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CBO-TERRITORIA-9734884/news/Cbo-Territoria-NOTICE-OF-AVAILABILITY-OF-THE-ANNUAL-FINANCIAL-REPORT-AS-OF-DECEMBER-31-2023-46416146/,Cbo Territoria :  NOTICE OF AVAILABILITY OF THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT AS OF DECEMBER 31  2023,(marketscreener.com)  Press release – Availability of theannual financial reportSainte-Marie  April 11  2024  8p.m.NOTICE OF AVAILABILITY OF THEANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT AS OF DECEMBER 31  2023CBo Territoria is pleased to announce that the annual finan…,"Press release – Availability of theannual financial reportSainte-Marie  April 11  2024  8p.m.NOTICE OF AVAILABILITY OF THEANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT AS OF DECEMBER 31  2023CBo Territoria is pleased to announce that the annual financial report as of December 31  2023 have been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority  in ESEF format.The statements include:- message from the directors and a presentation of the Group - management report - social  environmental and societal information - corporate governance report - 2023 consolidated financial statements - 2023 annual financial statements - Statutory Auditors' reports - agenda and draft resolutions for the Annual General Meeting of 2 May 2024 - certificate of the person responsible.The 2023 annual financial report can be accessed on the company's website at www.cboterritoria.com  under the heading ""Finance / Regulated Information / Financial and non financial documents / Annual reports / 2023 "".Find all the financial information of the CBo Territoria Group on the website www.cboterritoria.com or on www.actusnews.com.About CBo Territoria (FR0010193979  CBOT)CBo Territoria has been a major real estate operator in La Réunion for nearly 20 years and has evolved into a multi-regional property developer specializing in tertiary assets (€318.9 million  representing 86% of total assets in value at 31 décembre 2023). The Group is pursuing its expansion through the exploitation of its land reserves or through land acquisition  as it is involved in the full real estate value chain (property developer  property investor  and real estate company). CBo Territoria can finance its development through its activities as a residential developer (apartment buildings or sale of land plots) and  secondarily  as a service provider  as well as through the planned transfer of its residual residential properties to SHLMR.CBo Territoria is a real estate investment firm listed on Euronext Paris (compartment “C”) that is qualified for the PEA PME finance program (small and medium-sized enterprises).Responsible and committed to a more sustainable real estate since its inception  CBo Territoria has been in the Top 10 of compartment “C” of the Gai?a-Index for the past 6 years  a French benchmark index of the most virtuous small and medium-sized companies in terms of CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility).More information on cboterritoria.comINVESTORS ContactsCaroline Clapier – Director of Finance and Administration - direction@cboterritoria.comAgnès Villeret - Komodo - Tel.: 06 83 28 04 15 - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yZqaYpyYaGuYmJtylcdnbWeZbZlqlmCXbJWZyJdrZsiamG+Rlphhm5rLZnFmlW1r- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of the annual financial and audit reports Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85085-cbot_communique-de-presse-mad-rfa-2023-v-ang.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT', 'Cbo Territoria', 'NOTICE', 'AVAILABILITY', 'THE', 'DECEMBER', 'full real estate value chain', 'major real estate operator', 'real estate investment firm', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'PEA PME finance program', 'sustainable real estate', 'French benchmark index', 'real estate company', 'La Réunion', 'corporate governance report', 'Annual General Meeting', 'residual residential properties', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'annual financial report', 'original press release', 'next press releases', '2023 consolidated financial statements', 'Agnès Villeret', '2023 annual financial statements', 'non financial documents', 'multi-regional property developer', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'CBo Territoria Group', 'Annual reports', 'management report', 'residential developer', 'financial information', 'social, environmental', 'News releases', 'property investor', 'audit reports', 'ESEF format', 'societal information', 'Regulated Information', 'tertiary assets', 'total assets', '31 décembre', 'The Group', 'land reserves', 'land acquisition', 'apartment buildings', 'land plots', 'service provider', 'Euronext Paris', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'Gai?a-Index', 'medium-sized companies', 'More information', 'INVESTORS Contacts', 'Caroline Clapier', 'past 6 years', 'virtuous small', '20 years', 'Availability', 'Sainte-Marie', 'April', 'NOTICE', 'DECEMBER', 'public', 'message', 'directors', 'presentation', 'agenda', 'draft', 'resolutions', '2 May', 'certificate', 'person', 'website', 'cboterritoria', 'heading', 'expansion', 'exploitation', 'development', 'activities', 'sale', 'planned', 'transfer', 'SHLMR', 'compartment', 'inception', 'Top', 'terms', 'CSR', 'Administration', 'Komodo', 'Tel.', 'agnes', 'agence', 'yZqaYpyYaGuYmJtylcdnbWeZbZlqlmCXbJWZyJdrZsiamG', 'Rlphhm5rLZnFmlW1r', 'provision', 'PDF', 'presse', 'mad', 'rfa', 'email', '06', '2024']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GETLINK-SE-54576/news/Getlink-Announces-the-Acquisition-of-British-Customs-Intermediary-ChannelPorts-46416100/,Getlink Announces the Acquisition of British Customs Intermediary ChannelPorts,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Getlink announces the acquisition of ChannelPorts Ltd  one of the leading British customs intermediaries. Established in 1974 and based in Folkestone  Kent  ChannelPorts has 44 employees and a revenue in 2023 of around…,"Regulatory News:Getlink (Paris:GET) announces the acquisition of ChannelPorts Ltd  one of the leading British customs intermediaries. Established in 1974 and based in Folkestone  Kent  ChannelPorts has 44 employees and a revenue in 2023 of around £10M.This acquisition lies at the heart of transportation issues and the need to simplify cross-Channel trade. Getlink thus offers a unique range of services and support to facilitate the exchanges of goods between Europe and the United Kingdom which is fully in line with the Group’s Low Carbon – High Simplicity strategy.ChannelPorts carries out the customs formalities that have become compulsory since Brexit on behalf of its hauliers  logistics and forwarding customers. The company relies in particular on a digital platform – CustomsPro – which simplifies data exchanges and improves the productivity of operations.These services (import  export and transit formalities) will be integrated into Sherpass  the Group’s digital platform that makes border crossings easier for its transport and logistics customers.In this way  Getlink is consolidating a strong position on the still-fragmented market for customs services between Europe and the United Kingdom.In addition to its customs clearance service activity  ChannelPorts owns a secure truck park facility and service area – “Stop24” – located on the M20 motorway in Folkestone  less than 10 kilometres from the entrance to the Channel Tunnel. “Stop24” completes the range of secure solutions for truck drivers already available on the French side by Eurotunnel’s Le Truck Village.Yann Leriche  CEO of Getlink  said: “Administrative procedures involved in crossing the border post-Brexit have made the business of cross-Channel hauliers more complex. Our aim is to accompany our freight customers by developing a comprehensive range of services to help them with customs clearance. The acquisition of ChannelPorts strengthens the Group’s portfolio of smart border solutions. We are delighted to welcome the ChannelPorts teams who over the past years have proved their ability to offer customers simple and high value-added services.”About GetlinkGetlink SE (Euronext Paris: GET)  through its subsidiary Eurotunnel  is the concession holder until 2086 for the Channel Tunnel infrastructure and operates Truck Shuttles and Passenger Shuttles (cars and coaches) between Folkestone (UK) and Calais (France). Since 31 December 2020 Eurotunnel has been developing the smart border to ensure that the Tunnel remains the fastest  most reliable  easiest and most environmentally friendly way to cross the Channel. Since it opened in 1994  close to 500 million people and more than 102 million vehicles have travelled through the Channel Tunnel. This unique land link  which carries 25% of trade between the Continent and the United Kingdom  has become a vital link  reinforced by the ElecLink electricity interconnector installed in the Tunnel  which helps to balance energy needs between France and the United Kingdom. Getlink completes its sustainable mobility services with its rail freight subsidiary Europorte. Committed to ""low-carbon"" services that control their impact on the environment (through its activities  the Group avoids the equivalent of 1.9 million tonnes of CO 2 per year)   Getlink has made the place of people  nature and territories a central concern.https://www.getlinkgroup.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240411047266/en/",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['British Customs Intermediary ChannelPorts', 'Getlink', 'Acquisition', 'leading British customs intermediaries', 'secure truck park facility', 'customs clearance service activity', 'High Simplicity strategy', 'ElecLink electricity interconnector', 'Le Truck Village', 'environmentally friendly way', 'unique land link', 'rail freight subsidiary', 'high value-added services', 'sustainable mobility services', 'smart border solutions', 'Channel Tunnel infrastructure', 'secure solutions', 'service area', 'customs formalities', 'truck drivers', 'Truck Shuttles', 'customs services', 'vital link', 'unique range', 'Regulatory News', 'transportation issues', 'United Kingdom', 'digital platform', 'transit formalities', 'border crossings', 'strong position', 'fragmented market', 'M20 motorway', 'French side', 'Yann Leriche', 'Administrative procedures', 'freight customers', 'past years', 'concession holder', 'Passenger Shuttles', 'reliable, easiest', '102 million vehicles', 'energy needs', '1.9 million tonnes', 'source version', 'low-carbon"" services', 'subsidiary Eurotunnel', 'comprehensive range', 'cross-Channel trade', 'data exchanges', 'cross-Channel hauliers', 'Euronext Paris', '500 million people', 'ChannelPorts Ltd', 'ChannelPorts teams', 'Getlink SE', 'logistics customers', 'acquisition', 'Folkestone', 'Kent', '44 employees', 'revenue', 'heart', 'support', 'goods', 'Europe', 'line', 'Group', 'Brexit', 'behalf', 'company', 'CustomsPro', 'productivity', 'operations', 'export', 'Sherpass', 'addition', 'entrance', 'Stop24', 'CEO', 'business', 'aim', 'portfolio', 'ability', 'simple', 'cars', 'coaches', 'UK', 'Calais', 'France', '31 December', 'Continent', 'Europorte', 'impact', 'activities', 'equivalent', 'place', 'nature', 'territories', 'concern']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CTT-CORREIOS-DE-PORTUGAL--15132607/news/CTT-Correios-de-Portugal-S-A-Interim-report-on-the-transactions-carried-out-in-the-context-of-the-46416417/,CTT Correios de Portugal S A : Interim report on the transactions carried out in the context of the share buy-back program,(marketscreener.com)    CTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A.   Av. dos Combatentes  43 - 14th Floor 1643-001LISBOA   Lisbon commercial registry and fiscal no. 500 077 568   Share Capital EUR 71 957 500.00   Announcement - Lisbon  11 April 2024 ...…,"CTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A.Av. dos Combatentes  43 - 14th Floor 1643-001LISBOALisbon commercial registry and fiscal no. 500 077 568Share Capital EUR 71 957 500.00Announcement - Lisbon  11 April 2024Interim report on the transactions carried out in the context of the share buy-back programCTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A. (""CTT"" or ""Company"") hereby informs that in the period from 5 to 11 April 2024 (inclusive) Banco BPI  S.A. has acquired 100 000 shares representing CTT's share capital  under the share buy-back program (""Buy-back Program"") and as the financial intermediary in charge of the execution of said program  in Euronext Lisbon regulated market  as detailed in the table below (aggregated information):ISIN Code: PTCTT0AM0001Date of the Aggregated Weighted % Session's Total % Share transaction Volume (shares) Average Price (€) Volume Capital 05-04-2024 20 000 4.2593 6.65% 0.01% 08-04-2024 20 000 4.3609 5.75% 0.01% 09-04-2024 20 000 4.3661 7.40% 0.01% 10-04-2024 20 000 4.3821 4.44% 0.01% 11-04-2024 20 000 4.3768 5.70% 0.01%As at 11 April 2024  the Company had already acquired 5 038 686 shares under the scope of the Buy-back Program announced to the market on 21 June 2023. The price paid for these acquisitions amounted to a total of €18 027 875.As a consequence  on this date  the Company holds an aggregated total of 6 416 818 own shares  representing 4.46% of its share capital. Further detailed information on all transactions carried out under the Buy-back Program  in the period from 5 to 11 April 2024 (inclusive)  may be found in the tables attached hereto as Annexes 1 to 5.As disclosed to the market in due time  on 26 June 2023  CTT started trading in the context of the Buy-back Program  pursuant to the terms and limitations set forth in (i) the resolution adopted under item 9 of the Agenda of the 2023 General Shareholders' Meeting of CTT granting authorization for the acquisition and transfer of own shares by the Company and its subsidiaries  as set forth in such shareholders' resolution and subject to a decision of the Company's Board of Directors  and (ii) the resolution of the Board of Directors of CTT  of 21 June 2023  under which a share buy-back program was approved  the main terms and conditions of which may be found in the announcement regarding the start of trading within the Buy-back Program disclosed to the market on 21 June 2023.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'CTT Correios', 'Interim report', 'Portugal', 'transactions', 'context', 'Euronext Lisbon regulated market', 'Total % Share transaction Volume', 'Av. dos Combatentes', 'Lisbon commercial registry', 'Aggregated Weighted % Session', ""2023 General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'share buy-back program', 'Volume Capital', 'aggregated total', 'Share Capital', '14th Floor', 'Interim report', 'S.A.', 'Banco BPI', 'financial intermediary', 'ISIN Code', 'due time', ""shareholders' resolution"", 'Correios de', 'Average Price', 'detailed information', 'main terms', 'CTT', 'Portugal', '001LISBOA', 'fiscal', 'Announcement', '11 April', 'transactions', 'context', 'Company', 'period', '100,000 shares', 'charge', 'execution', 'table', 'Date', '5,038,686 shares', 'scope', '21 June', 'acquisitions', 'consequence', 'Further', 'Annexes', '26 June', 'limitations', 'item', 'Agenda', 'authorization', 'transfer', 'subsidiaries', 'decision', 'Board', 'Directors', 'conditions', 'start', 'trading', '6,416,818']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AFYREN-126986323/news/AFYREN-NEOXY-Makes-Its-First-Fertilizer-Commercial-Deliveries-46410145/,AFYREN NEOXY Makes Its First Fertilizer Commercial Deliveries,(marketscreener.com) First fertilizer batches produced by the AFYREN NEOXY plant delivered to partner Terrial The potassium-rich fertilizer can be used in organic farming and is produced locallyThis product contributes to the circularity of the AFYR…,"First fertilizer batches produced by the AFYREN NEOXY plant delivered to partner Terrial (a subsidiary of the Avril and SUEZ Groups) The potassium-rich fertilizer can be used in organic farming and is produced locally This product contributes to the circularity of the AFYREN modelRegulatory News:AFYREN (Paris:ALAFY)  a greentech company that offers manufacturers natural  low-carbon ingredients produced using unique fermentation technology based on a completely circular model  announced that it made the first commercial deliveries of fertilizer produced by its AFYREN NEOXY plant to its partner Terrial.Fertilizer  AFYREN's other flagship productSeveral dozen tons of fertilizer have left the AFYREN NEOXY plant in recent weeks  bound for our customer and partner Terrial. These first batches are the result of start-up work aiming at continuous production at the plant.AFYREN NEOXY's fertilizer is a co-product of its manufacturing process  which transforms local non-food biomass from agricultural by-products into biobased organic acids. The fertilizer contributes to a new cycle of biomass generation  completing AFYREN’s zero-waste  circular model.Agronomic studies carried out on various crops (tomatoes  cucumbers  potatoes  wheat) have demonstrated the qualities of the AFYREN NEOXY fertilizer  which is rich in potassium and low in chlorine. AFYREN NEOXY's biomimetic manufacturing process  based on natural (GMO-free) micro-organisms  meets organic farming specifications. Its properties make it particularly well-suited to demanding crops such as grapes  fruit trees and other market produce.The sustainable fertilizer produced by AFYREN NEOXY is 100% regionally sourced  and offers other advantages: its origin and manufacturing process lighten the logistical complexities of transport  and reduce exposure to the volatility of energy prices — issues that have become problematic for farmers.In addition to contributing to the circularity of AFYREN's offerings through this “return to the soil ” fertilizer will contribute positively to AFYREN NEOXY plant's sales through the sales agreement with Terrial  which covers all of the fertilizer volume produced. The outlook for future plants is equally promising.Nicolas SORDET  CEO of AFYREN said: ""The fertilizer produced at industrial scale by our AFYREN NEOXY plant is rich in potassium  made in France  and can be adapted to a variety of particularly demanding crops. This 100% regional (short supply chain)  non-GMO product meets the specifications of organic farming perfectly  while contributing to France's re-industrialization and improving food production sustainability. We are proud to offer a solution that will be of interest to all those involved in the development of regenerative agriculture.”About AFYRENAFYREN is a French greentech company launched in 2012 to meet the challenge of decarbonizing industrial supplies. Its natural  innovative and proprietary fermentation technology valorizes local biomass from non-food agricultural co-products  replacing petro-sourced ingredients usually used in many product formulations. AFYREN's 100% biobased  low-carbon and sustainable solutions can meet decarbonization challenges in a wide variety of strategic sectors: human and animal nutrition  flavors and fragrances  life sciences and materials  and lubricants and technical fluids. AFYREN's plug-and-play  circular technology combines sustainability and competitiveness  with no need for manufacturers to change their processes.The Group's first French plant  AFYREN NEOXY  a joint venture with Bpifrance's SPI fund  is located in the Grand-Est region of France  in Saint Avold  serving mainly the European market.AFYREN is also pursuing a project in Thailand with a world leader in the sugar industry  and is developing its presence in the Americas  following up on distribution agreements it has already signed.At the end of 2023  AFYREN employed about 120 people in Lyon  Clermont-Ferrand and Carling Saint-Avold. The company invests 20% of its annual budget in R&D to further develop its sustainable solutions.AFYREN has been listed on the Euronext Growth® exchange in Paris since 2021 (ISIN code: FR0014005AC9  mnemonic: ALAFY).Find out more: afyren.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240410659414/en/",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['First Fertilizer Commercial Deliveries', 'AFYREN NEOXY', '100% regional (short supply chain', 'Several dozen tons', 'Euronext Growth® exchange', 'first commercial deliveries', 'unique fermentation technology', 'natural (GMO-free) micro-organisms', 'proprietary fermentation technology', 'food agricultural co-products', 'first French plant', 'other market produce', 'biobased organic acids', 'many product formulations', 'local non-food biomass', 'zero-waste, circular model', 'biomimetic manufacturing process', 'natural, low-carbon ingredients', 'other flagship product', 'food production sustainability', 'French greentech company', 'AFYREN NEOXY plant', 'organic farming specifications', 'First fertilizer batches', 'AFYREN NEOXY fertilizer', 'first batches', '100% biobased, low-carbon', 'circular technology', 'local biomass', 'other advantages', 'natural, innovative', 'continuous production', 'agricultural by-products', 'petro-sourced ingredients', 'European market', 'biomass generation', 'AFYREN model', 'SUEZ Groups', 'Regulatory News', 'recent weeks', 'start-up work', 'new cycle', 'Agronomic studies', 'fruit trees', 'logistical complexities', 'energy prices', 'future plants', 'Nicolas SORDET', 'industrial scale', 'regenerative agriculture', 'industrial supplies', 'sustainable solutions', 'decarbonization challenges', 'strategic sectors', 'animal nutrition', 'life sciences', 'technical fluids', 'The Group', 'joint venture', 'SPI fund', 'Grand-Est region', 'Saint Avold', 'world leader', 'sugar industry', 'distribution agreements', 'Carling Saint-Avold', 'annual budget', 'R&D', 'ISIN code', 'source version', 'various crops', 'demanding crops', 'potassium-rich fertilizer', 'sustainable fertilizer', 'fertilizer volume', 'sales agreement', 'wide variety', 'partner', 'Terrial', 'subsidiary', 'Avril', 'circularity', 'Paris', 'ALAFY', 'manufacturers', 'customer', 'result', 'tomatoes', 'cucumbers', 'potatoes', 'wheat', 'qualities', 'chlorine', 'properties', 'grapes', 'origin', 'transport', 'exposure', 'volatility', 'issues', 'farmers', 'addition', 'offerings', 'return', 'soil', 'outlook', 'CEO', 'France', 'industrialization', 'interest', 'development', 'human', 'flavors', 'fragrances', 'materials', 'lubricants', 'play', 'competitiveness', 'need', 'processes', 'project', 'Thailand', 'presence', 'Americas', 'end', '120 people', 'Lyon', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'businesswire']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39160,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BARCO-NV-120791911/news/Barco-announces-first-locations-for-HDR-by-Barco-in-the-US-46415215/,Barco announces first locations for HDR by Barco in the US,(marketscreener.com) The pilot program brings groundbreaking HDR lightsteering laser projection to select major US markets for the 2024 holiday season in partnership with top US exhibitorsLAS VEGAS  April 11  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Barco  the leader in laser…,The pilot program brings groundbreaking HDR lightsteering laser projection to select major US markets for the 2024 holiday season in partnership with top US exhibitorsLAS VEGAS  April 11  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Barco  the leader in laser-powered cinema solutions  today announced a plan to bring HDR by Barco to select high-profile theaters at AMC Theatres  B&B Theatres  and Regal Cinemas in the US. As part of the program  moviegoers in Los Angeles  New York  Dallas  and other major markets will be among the first to experience first-run titles mastered for HDR. The installs are part of a commercial pilot program which will bring the company's groundbreaking laser HDR lightsteering technology to moviegoers in time for 2024 holiday season.HDR by Barco is the company's premium projection offering  delivering moviegoers an HDR cinema presentation that is unlike anything else. Based on the company's patented lightsteering technology  Barco's HDR works by strategically redistributing light on screen for images over 6x brighter than traditional cinemas. Barco officially launched the new product line on Monday during the first day of the annual CinemaCon convention in Las Vegas.More than just a projector  HDR by Barco is an ecosystem for HDR theatrical entertainment that includes projectors for exhibitors as well as complimentary technology and software toolkits for post-production professionals and filmmakers. Together  the HDR by Barco system enables filmmakers to create and exhibitors to deliver movies the way filmmakers intended for an unparalleled moviegoing experience for audiences.The HDR by Barco pilot program opens in theaters September 1  2024 and runs through the end of the year  with rollout of HDR by Barco permanent sites expected in 2025. The company is currently working with the leading post-production houses for theatrical content to outfit them with HDR by Barco and prepare a slate of remastered HDR titles.CinemaCon attendees can experience HDR by Barco this week at the convention during trade show hours in daily demos in the company's exhibition space. HDR by Barco post-production solutions will be on display next week at NAB  also in Las Vegas.About BarcoBarco  headquartered in Kortrijk (Belgium)  is a global company leading in visualization  networking  and collaboration technology. Its innovative solutions drive advancements in the healthcare  enterprise  and entertainment markets. At the heart of Barco's success are over 3 000 dedicated 'visioneers'  each passionately contributing to driving change through technology. Listed on Euronext (BAR)  Reuters (BARBt.BR)  and Bloomberg (BAR BB)  Barco realized sales of 1 050 million euro in 2023. For further insights  please visit www.barco.com or connect on X  LinkedIn  YouTube  Instagram  and Facebook. Barco. Visioneering a bright tomorrow. © 2024View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/barco-announces-first-locations-for-hdr-by-barco-in-the-us-302114082.htmlSOURCE Barco  Inc.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.58,0.4,0.02,True,English,"['first locations', 'Barco', 'HDR', 'US', 'groundbreaking HDR lightsteering laser projection', 'groundbreaking laser HDR lightsteering technology', 'premium projection offering', 'unparalleled moviegoing experience', 'trade show hours', 'laser-powered cinema solutions', 'other major markets', 'leading post-production houses', 'B&B Theatres', 'new product line', 'major US markets', 'commercial pilot program', 'HDR cinema presentation', 'annual CinemaCon convention', 'Barco permanent sites', 'top US exhibitors', 'Barco post-production solutions', 'Barco pilot program', 'post-production professionals', 'innovative solutions', 'entertainment markets', 'AMC Theatres', 'New York', 'CinemaCon attendees', 'complimentary technology', 'collaboration technology', '2024 holiday season', 'LAS VEGAS', 'Regal Cinemas', 'Los Angeles', 'first-run titles', 'traditional cinemas', 'first day', 'theatrical entertainment', 'software toolkits', 'theatrical content', 'daily demos', 'exhibition space', 'healthcare, enterprise', ""3,000 dedicated 'visioneers"", 'BARBt.BR', 'bright tomorrow', 'original content', 'HDR titles', 'high-profile theaters', 'BAR BB', 'Barco system', 'SOURCE Barco', 'global company', 'Barco Barco', 'partnership', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'leader', 'plan', 'moviegoers', 'Dallas', 'installs', 'time', 'screen', 'images', 'Monday', 'projector', 'ecosystem', 'filmmakers', 'movies', 'audiences', 'year', 'rollout', 'slate', 'display', 'NAB', 'Kortrijk', 'Belgium', 'visualization', 'networking', 'advancements', 'heart', 'success', 'change', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'sales', 'insights', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'news-releases', 'first-locations', '1,050']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39161,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CBO-TERRITORIA-9734884/news/Cbo-Territoria-COMBINED-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-MAY-2-2024-TERMS-AND-CONDITIONS-OF-THE-RELEASE-OF-46416148/,Cbo Territoria :  COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 2 2024 - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RELEASE OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS FOR THE MEETING,(marketscreener.com)  Press release – Release of the preparatory documents for the General Shareholders' MeetingSainte-Marie  April 11  2024  8p.m.COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 2 2024TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RELEASE OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS FOR THE …,"Press release – Release of the preparatory documents for the General Shareholders' MeetingSainte-Marie  April 11  2024  8p.m.COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 2 2024TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RELEASE OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS FOR THE MEETINGShareholders of the Company are invited to attend the Combined General Meeting on May 2  2024  to be held at 2:30 p.m. at Hub Lizine - 8 rue Pondichéry – La Mare - 97438 Sainte-Marie (La Réunion). The General Meeting will take place under the regular conditions. Nevertheless  the firm has decided to organize a video broadcast  which shareholders can watch on our website at www.cboterritoria.com (preregistration required).The preliminary notice  which included the agenda and proposed resolutions  was published in the “BALO” (French Journal of Mandatory Statutory Notices) on March 27  2024  and the meeting notice will be published in the BALO on April 15  2024.The preparatory documents for the meeting set out in Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code are available on the company's website (www.cboterritoria.com in the “Finance / Informations réglementées / Assemblées d'actionnaires / 2024” section ).The preparatory documents for the meeting are also made available to shareholders from the time the meeting is convened. As a result  in accordance with the relevant regulatory provisions:Any registered shareholder may request that the Company transmit them the documents referred to in Articles R.225-81 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code  if required by electronic means  up to and including the fifth day before the Meeting. The exercise of this right by bearer share holders is contingent upon to the production of a certificate of participation in the bearer share accounts maintained by the authorized financial agent.Any shareholder may consult the documents referred to in Articles L.225-115 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code at the Company's headquarters.2024 financial calendarAnnual General Meeting: Thursday  May 2  2024First half 2024 results: Tuesday  September 11  2024 (after trading hours)About CBo Territoria (FR0010193979  CBOT)CBo Territoria has been a major real estate operator in La Réunion for nearly 20 years and has evolved into a multi-regional property developer specializing in tertiary assets (€318.9 million  representing 86% of total assets in value at 31 décembre 2023). The Group is pursuing its expansion through the exploitation of its land reserves or through land acquisition  as it is involved in the full real estate value chain (property developer  property investor  and real estate company). CBo Territoria can finance its development through its activities as a residential developer (apartment buildings or sale of land plots) and  secondarily  as a service provider  as well as through the planned transfer of its residual residential properties to SHLMR.CBo Territoria is a real estate investment firm listed on Euronext Paris (compartment “C”) that is qualified for the PEA PME finance program (small and medium-sized enterprises).Responsible and committed to a more sustainable real estate since its inception  CBo Territoria has been in the Top 10 of compartment “C” of the Gai?a-Index for the past 6 years  a French benchmark index of the most virtuous small and medium-sized companies in terms of CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility).More information on cboterritoria.comINVESTORS ContactsCaroline Clapier – Director of Finance and Administration - direction@cboterritoria.comAgnès Villeret - Komodo - Tel.: 06 83 28 04 15 - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lmtwZZtvY2uZnJubYp6bbWJsbmhjw5GYmmSammpxZJ7IaXFkyJmXZ52XZnFmlW1t- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of the preparatory documents for the GM Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85087-cbot_communique-de-presse-mad-documents-agm-2024-v-ang.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Cbo Territoria', 'PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS', 'MAY', 'TERMS', 'CONDITIONS', 'THE', 'RELEASE', '2024 financial calendar Annual General Meeting', 'full real estate value chain', 'major real estate operator', 'Informations réglementées', 'real estate investment firm', 'PEA PME finance program', 'sustainable real estate', 'authorized financial agent', '8 rue Pondichéry', 'La Réunion', 'Mandatory Statutory Notices', 'relevant regulatory provisions', 'bearer share holders', 'bearer share accounts', 'First half 2024 results', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'real estate company', 'French Commercial Code', 'French benchmark index', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'residual residential properties', 'next press releases', 'Agnès Villeret', 'multi-regional property developer', 'original press release', 'The General Meeting', ""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'GM Full', 'Assemblées', 'residential developer', 'French Journal', 'La Mare', 'News releases', 'property investor', 'meeting notice', 'Hub Lizine', 'video broadcast', 'preliminary notice', 'electronic means', 'fifth day', 'trading hours', 'CBo Territoria', 'tertiary assets', 'total assets', '31 décembre', 'land reserves', 'land acquisition', 'apartment buildings', 'land plots', 'service provider', 'Euronext Paris', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'Gai?a-Index', 'medium-sized companies', 'More information', 'INVESTORS Contacts', 'Caroline Clapier', 'Regulated information', 'The Group', 'preparatory documents', 'regular conditions', 'registered shareholder', 'past 6 years', 'virtuous small', '20 years', 'Sainte-Marie', 'April', 'MAY', 'TERMS', 'place', 'website', 'cboterritoria', 'preregistration', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'BALO', 'March', 'Article', 'actionnaires', 'section', 'time', 'accordance', 'exercise', 'right', 'production', 'certificate', 'participation', 'headquarters', 'Thursday', 'Tuesday', 'expansion', 'exploitation', 'development', 'activities', 'sale', 'planned', 'transfer', 'SHLMR', 'compartment', 'inception', 'Top', 'CSR', 'Director', 'Administration', 'Komodo', 'Tel.', 'agnes', 'agence', 'publication', 'lmtwZZtvY2uZnJubYp6bbWJsbmhjw5GYmmSammpxZJ7IaXFkyJmXZ52XZnFmlW1t', 'availability', 'PDF', 'presse-mad-documents', 'email', '2:30']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LEGRAND-16719/news/Approved-Networks-Releases-Groundbreaking-OSFP-800G-SR8-Transceiver-Redefining-High-Speed-Connectiv-46413226/,Approved Networks Releases Groundbreaking OSFP 800G SR8 Transceiver  Redefining High-Speed Connectivity,(marketscreener.com) Revolutionizing Data Centers and Broadband: The New 800G Transceiver Drastically Increases Speed and Efficiency for Next-Generation Networkshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LEGRAND-16719/news/Approved-Networks-Releases-Ground…,"Revolutionizing Data Centers and Broadband: The New 800G Transceiver Drastically Increases Speed and Efficiency for Next-Generation NetworksApproved Networks  a brand of Legrand  the leading provider of optical networking technology  today announced the general release of its new OSFP 800G SR8 transceiver. This state-of-the-art transceiver exceeds high-speed data transmission standards  providing a new solution for data centers and broadband providers to support data-intensive applications and enable real-time AI processing across networks.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240411137080/en/OSFP 800G SR8 transceiver from Approved Networks (Graphic: Business Wire)""Our customers are about to experience the future of connectivity with the OSFP 800G SR8 transceiver "" said Brian Patton  VP of Engineering at Approved Networks. ""The demand for fast  data-driven connectivity is increasing. Our 800G solution is a direct response to this challenge. The 800G SR8 transceiver not only meets but exceeds this growing demand  facilitating ultra-fast data transmission up to 800 Gbps  and ensuring unparalleled throughput for the most data-heavy applications.""The 800G optical transceiver enables:Increased Bandwidth: Higher bandwidth capacity  resulting in faster data transfer and more efficient handling of processes across network infrastructures.Higher bandwidth capacity  resulting in faster data transfer and more efficient handling of processes across network infrastructures. Real-time AI Processing: Enhances network intelligence  meeting the demands of machine learning that require quick and reliable data exchanges.Enhances network intelligence  meeting the demands of machine learning that require quick and reliable data exchanges. Optimized Data-Centric Applications: Data centers and broadband providers can support data-heavy tasks without sacrificing speed  performance  or productivity.For more information on the 800G SR8 transceiver  visit https://approvednetworks.com/products/800gbase-sr8-infiniband-ndr-osfp-mmf-850nm-100m-ddm-transceiver.html.About Approved NetworksApproved Networks  a brand of Legrand in the Data  Power  and Control Division  provides cost-effective  high-performance optical solutions to a global network of Fortune 500 Enterprise  Data Center  and Broadband partners. For over 30 years  Approved has been the industry authority on OEM alternative optical networking connectivity through a commitment to technical engineering  stringent quality standards  extensive testing capabilities  and dedicated customer service and support – before  during  and after deployment. Over 10 000 customers in more than 40 countries trust Approved Networks transceivers  DACs  AOCs  and passive solutions to light their networks.About LegrandLegrand is the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures. Its comprehensive offering of solutions for commercial  industrial and residential markets makes it a benchmark for customers worldwide. The Group harnesses technological and societal trends with lasting impacts on buildings with the purpose of improving life by transforming the spaces where people live  work and meet with electrical  digital infrastructures and connected solutions that are simple  innovative and sustainable. Drawing on an approach that involves all teams and stakeholders  Legrand is pursuing its strategy of profitable and responsible growth driven by acquisitions and innovation  with a steady flow of new offerings—including products with enhanced value in use (faster expanding segments: data centers  connected offerings and energy efficiency programs). Legrand reported sales of €7.0 billion in 2021. The company is listed on Euronext Paris and is notably a component stock of the CAC 40 and CAC 40 ESG indexes. (code ISIN FR0010307819).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240411137080/en/",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.54,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['Groundbreaking OSFP 800G SR8 Transceiver', 'Approved Networks', 'High-Speed Connectivity', 'OEM alternative optical networking connectivity', 'new OSFP 800G SR8 transceiver', 'The 800G SR8 transceiver', 'The 800G optical transceiver', 'cost-effective, high-performance optical solutions', 'The New 800G Transceiver', 'high-speed data transmission standards', 'Next-Generation Networks Approved Networks', 'optical networking technology', 'stringent quality standards', 'ultra-fast data transmission', 'real-time AI processing', 'fast, data-driven connectivity', 'extensive testing capabilities', 'dedicated customer service', 'faster expanding segments', 'View source version', 'faster data transfer', 'reliable data exchanges', 'Higher bandwidth capacity', 'digital building infrastructures', 'Optimized Data-Centric Applications', 'energy efficiency programs', 'CAC 40 ESG indexes', 'Revolutionizing Data Centers', 'electrical, digital infrastructures', '800G solution', 'The Group', 'new solution', 'new offerings', 'Increased Bandwidth', 'network infrastructures', 'Networks transceivers', 'data-intensive applications', 'data-heavy applications', 'passive solutions', 'connected solutions', 'leading provider', 'general release', 'press release', 'full release', 'Business Wire', 'Brian Patton', 'direct response', 'unparalleled throughput', 'efficient handling', 'network intelligence', 'machine learning', 'data-heavy tasks', 'Control Division', 'global network', 'Fortune 500 Enterprise', 'industry authority', 'global specialist', 'comprehensive offering', 'commercial, industrial', 'residential markets', 'societal trends', 'lasting impacts', 'responsible growth', 'steady flow', 'enhanced value', 'connected offerings', 'Euronext Paris', 'component stock', 'code ISIN', 'broadband providers', 'Broadband partners', 'growing demand', 'technical engineering', 'Legrand Legrand', 'brand', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'news', 'Graphic', 'customers', 'future', 'VP', 'challenge', '800 Gbps', 'processes', 'demands', 'quick', 'productivity', 'information', 'approvednetworks', 'products', '800gbase-sr8-infiniband-ndr', '100m', 'ddm-transceiver', 'Power', '30 years', 'commitment', 'support', 'deployment', 'Over', '40 countries', 'DACs', 'AOCs', 'benchmark', 'technological', 'buildings', 'purpose', 'life', 'spaces', 'people', 'approach', 'teams', 'stakeholders', 'strategy', 'profitable', 'acquisitions', 'innovation', 'use', 'sales', 'company']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/afyren-neoxy-makes-its-first-fertilizer-commercial-deliveries-93CH-3374188,AFYREN NEOXY Makes Its First Fertilizer Commercial Deliveries By Investing.com,AFYREN NEOXY Makes Its First Fertilizer Commercial Deliveries,"First fertilizer batches produced by the AFYREN NEOXY plant delivered to partner Terrial (a subsidiary of the Avril and SUEZ Groups)The potassium-rich fertilizer can be used in organic farming and is produced locallyThis product contributes to the circularity of the AFYREN modelCLERMONT-FERRAND  France & LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:AFYREN (Paris:ALAFY)  a greentech company that offers manufacturers natural  low-carbon ingredients produced using unique fermentation technology based on a completely circular model  announced that it made the first commercial deliveries of fertilizer produced by its AFYREN NEOXY plant to its partner Terrial.Fertilizer  AFYREN's other flagship productSeveral dozen tons of fertilizer have left the AFYREN NEOXY plant in recent weeks  bound for our customer and partner Terrial. These first batches are the result of start-up work aiming at continuous production at the plant.AFYREN NEOXY's fertilizer is a co-product of its manufacturing process  which transforms local non-food biomass from agricultural by-products into biobased organic acids. The fertilizer contributes to a new cycle of biomass generation  completing AFYREN's zero-waste  circular model.Agronomic studies carried out on various crops (tomatoes  cucumbers  potatoes  wheat) have demonstrated the qualities of the AFYREN NEOXY fertilizer  which is rich in potassium and low in chlorine. AFYREN NEOXY's biomimetic manufacturing process  based on natural (GMO-free) micro-organisms  meets organic farming specifications. Its properties make it particularly well-suited to demanding crops such as grapes  fruit trees and other market produce.The sustainable fertilizer produced by AFYREN NEOXY is 100% regionally sourced  and offers other advantages: its origin and manufacturing process lighten the logistical complexities of transport  and reduce exposure to the volatility of energy prices ” issues that have become problematic for farmers.In addition to contributing to the circularity of AFYREN's offerings through this return to the soil  fertilizer will contribute positively to AFYREN NEOXY plant's sales through the sales agreement with Terrial  which covers all of the fertilizer volume produced. The outlook for future plants is equally promising.Nicolas SORDET  CEO of AFYREN said: ""The fertilizer produced at industrial scale by our AFYREN NEOXY plant is rich in potassium  made in France  and can be adapted to a variety of particularly demanding crops. This 100% regional (short supply chain)  non-GMO product meets the specifications of organic farming perfectly  while contributing to France's re-industrialization and improving food production sustainability. We are proud to offer a solution that will be of interest to all those involved in the development of regenerative agriculture.About AFYRENAFYREN is a French greentech company launched in 2012 to meet the challenge of decarbonizing industrial supplies. Its natural  innovative and proprietary fermentation technology valorizes local biomass from non-food agricultural co-products  replacing petro-sourced ingredients usually used in many product formulations. AFYREN's 100% biobased  low-carbon and sustainable solutions can meet decarbonization challenges in a wide variety of strategic sectors: human and animal nutrition  flavors and fragrances  life sciences and materials  and lubricants and technical fluids. AFYREN's plug-and-play  circular technology combines sustainability and competitiveness  with no need for manufacturers to change their processes.The Group's first French plant  AFYREN NEOXY  a joint venture with Bpifrance's SPI fund  is located in the Grand-Est region of France  in Saint Avold  serving mainly the European market.AFYREN is also pursuing a project in Thailand with a world leader in the sugar industry  and is developing its presence in the Americas  following up on distribution agreements it has already signed.At the end of 2023  AFYREN employed about 120 people in Lyon  Clermont-Ferrand and Carling Saint-Avold. The company invests 20% of its annual budget in R&D to further develop its sustainable solutions.AFYREN has been listed on the Euronext Growth ® exchange in Paris since 2021 (ISIN code: FR0014005AC9  mnemonic: ALAFY).Find out more: afyren.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240410659414/en/AFYRENDirector for ESG  Communications and Public AffairsCaroline Petignycaroline.petigny@afyren.comInvestor RelationsMark Reinhardinvestisseurs@afyren.comNewCapInvestor RelationsThÃ©o Martin / Mathilde BohinTel: 01 44 71 94 94afyren@newcap.euNewCapMedia RelationsNicolas Merigeau / GaÃ«lle FromaigeatTel: 01 44 71 94 98afyren@newcap.euInternational Media relationsBogert-Magnier CommunicationsJames Connell+33 6 2152 1755jim@bogert-magnier.comSource: AFYREN",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.33,0.2,True,English,"['First Fertilizer Commercial Deliveries', 'AFYREN NEOXY', 'Investing', 'International Media relations Bogert-Magnier Communications', '100% regional (short supply chain', 'Several dozen tons', 'Euronext Growth ® exchange', 'ThÃ©o Martin', 'first commercial deliveries', 'unique fermentation technology', 'natural (GMO-free) micro-organisms', 'proprietary fermentation technology', 'food agricultural co-products', 'NewCap Media Relations', 'first French plant', 'other market produce', 'biobased organic acids', 'many product formulations', 'local non-food biomass', 'zero-waste, circular model', 'biomimetic manufacturing process', 'natural, low-carbon ingredients', 'other flagship product', 'food production sustainability', 'French greentech company', 'AFYREN NEOXY plant', 'organic farming specifications', 'First fertilizer batches', 'AFYREN NEOXY fertilizer', 'first batches', '100% biobased, low-carbon', 'circular technology', 'Investor Relations', 'local biomass', 'other advantages', 'natural, innovative', 'continuous production', 'agricultural by-products', 'petro-sourced ingredients', 'European market', 'biomass generation', 'SUEZ Groups', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'recent weeks', 'start-up work', 'new cycle', 'Agronomic studies', 'fruit trees', 'logistical complexities', 'energy prices', 'future plants', 'Nicolas SORDET', 'industrial scale', 'regenerative agriculture', 'industrial supplies', 'sustainable solutions', 'decarbonization challenges', 'strategic sectors', 'animal nutrition', 'life sciences', 'technical fluids', 'The Group', 'joint venture', 'SPI fund', 'Grand-Est region', 'Saint Avold', 'world leader', 'sugar industry', 'distribution agreements', 'Carling Saint-Avold', 'annual budget', 'R&D', 'ISIN code', 'Public Affairs', 'Mark Reinhard', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'James Connell', 'AFYREN model', 'various crops', 'demanding crops', 'AFYREN Director', 'potassium-rich fertilizer', 'sustainable fertilizer', 'fertilizer volume', 'sales agreement', 'wide variety', 'source version', 'Caroline Petigny', 'partner', 'Terrial', 'subsidiary', 'Avril', 'circularity', 'CLERMONT-FERRAND', 'France', 'LYON', 'Paris', 'ALAFY', 'manufacturers', 'customer', 'result', 'tomatoes', 'cucumbers', 'potatoes', 'wheat', 'qualities', 'chlorine', 'properties', 'grapes', 'origin', 'transport', 'exposure', 'volatility', 'issues', 'farmers', 'addition', 'offerings', 'return', 'soil', 'outlook', 'CEO', 'industrialization', 'interest', 'development', 'human', 'flavors', 'fragrances', 'materials', 'lubricants', 'play', 'competitiveness', 'need', 'processes', 'project', 'Thailand', 'presence', 'Americas', 'end', '120 people', 'businesswire', 'Tel', 'GaÃ', 'Fromaigeat', 'jim', '01']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,investing.com
39164,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORKDAY-INC-37866670/news/Randstad-Selects-Workday-for-Global-Finance-HR-and-Talent-Solutions-46414485/,Randstad Selects Workday for Global Finance  HR  and Talent Solutions,(marketscreener.com) Companies Also to Explore Mutual Service Offering to Provide Businesses Around the World With Greater Access to Talent Management Tools PLEASANTON  Calif.  April 11  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Workday  Inc.   a leading provider of solutions …,"Companies Also to Explore Mutual Service Offering to Provide Businesses Around the World With Greater Access to Talent Management ToolsPLEASANTON  Calif.  April 11  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Workday  Inc. (NASDAQ: WDAY)  a leading provider of solutions to help organizations manage their people and money   today announced that Randstad (AMS: RAND)  the world's leading talent company  will extend its existing Workday agreement to roll out Workday Financial Management and Workday Human Capital Management (HCM) across its 39 markets. The companies also intend to develop mutual implementation capabilities to enable greater access to talent management tools  helping more customers navigate an increasingly complex talent market.""We look forward to expanding our partnership with Randstad to not only support its transformation goals through the Workday platform  but also to join forces on a potential service offering for our joint customers "" said Carl Eschenbach  chief executive officer  Workday. ""The combination of Workday's platform and Randstad's global talent expertise will empower our customers to unlock the potential of their talent so they can navigate rapid change and thrive.""Randstad  which first selected Workday HCM in 2015  will now deploy the Workday platform with AI at its core to transform and streamline Randstad's HR and finance system  in support of its ambition to be the most equitable and specialized talent company. Randstad will roll out Workday Financial Management and Workday HCM across its 39 markets and two global businesses to bring efficiencies and scale.In addition to Randstad's managed service provider (MSP) business segment being certified as a Platinum Workday MSP partner  Randstad and Workday will also explore potential future collaboration opportunities – combining their strengths to add additional human resources implementation capabilities and solve more of their customers' talent challenges.""This extension of our partnership with Workday – both through our platform deployment and upcoming collaboration – will marry the best of Randstad's talent capabilities with Workday's best in class technology solutions. In a world of work where talent and skill scarcity are prevalent  we are excited to partner with Workday to identify new ways to help clients solve the challenges they are facing. Through this selection  Randstad can also drive efficiencies and scale across our ecosystem  which is a key pillar of our new partner for talent strategy "" said Sander van 't Noordende  chief executive officer  Randstad.About WorkdayWorkday is a leading enterprise platform that helps organizations manage their most important assets – their people and money . The Workday platform is built with AI at the core to help customers elevate people  supercharge work  and move their business forever forward. Workday is used by more than 10 000 organizations around the world and across industries – from medium-sized businesses to more than 50% of the Fortune 500. For more information about Workday  visit workday.com .About RandstadRandstad is a global talent leader with the vision to be the world's most equitable and specialized talent company. As a partner for talent and through our four specializations - Operational  Professional  Digital and Enterprise - we provide clients with the high-quality  diverse and agile workforces that they need to succeed in a talent scarce world. We help people secure meaningful roles  develop relevant skills and find purpose and belonging in their workplace. Through the value we create  we are committed to a better and more sustainable future for all.Headquartered in the Netherlands  Randstad operates in 39 markets and has approximately 40 000 employees. In 2023  we supported 2 million talent to find work and generated a revenue of €25.4 billion. Randstad N.V. is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam. For more information  see www.randstad.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements including  among other things  statements regarding Workday's plans  beliefs  and expectations. These forward-looking statements are based only on currently available information and our current beliefs  expectations  and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future  they are subject to inherent risks  uncertainties  assumptions  and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. If the risks materialize  assumptions prove incorrect  or we experience unexpected changes in circumstances  actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements  and therefore you should not rely on any forward-looking statements. Risks include  but are not limited to  risks described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including our most recent report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K and other reports that we have filed and will file with the SEC from time to time  which could cause actual results to vary from expectations. Workday assumes no obligation to  and does not currently intend to  update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this release  except as required by law.Any unreleased services  features  or functions referenced in this document  our website  or other press releases or public statements that are not currently available are subject to change at Workday's discretion and may not be delivered as planned or at all. Customers who purchase Workday services should make their purchase decisions based upon services  features  and functions that are currently available.View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/randstad-selects-workday-for-global-finance-hr-and-talent-solutions-302113336.htmlSOURCE Workday Inc.",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,mixed,0.22,0.1,0.68,True,English,"['Global Finance', 'Talent Solutions', 'Randstad', 'Workday', 'HR', 'additional human resources implementation capabilities', 'Workday Human Capital Management', 'potential future collaboration opportunities', 'Platinum Workday MSP partner', 'mutual implementation capabilities', 'Mutual Service Offering', 'chief executive officer', 'potential service offering', 'Talent Management Tools', 'managed service provider', 'MSP) business segment', 'complex talent market', 'global talent expertise', 'specialized talent company', 'global talent leader', 'leading talent company', 'two global businesses', 'class technology solutions', 'Workday Financial Management', 'existing Workday agreement', 'Randstad N.V.', 'The Workday platform', 'leading enterprise platform', 'talent scarce world', ""customers' talent challenges"", 'talent capabilities', 'leading provider', 'upcoming collaboration', 'talent strategy', '2 million talent', 'new partner', 'sustainable future', 'platform deployment', 'Greater Access', 'transformation goals', 'Carl Eschenbach', 'rapid change', 'finance system', 'skill scarcity', 'new ways', 'key pillar', 'Sander van', 'important assets', 'medium-sized businesses', 'four specializations', 'high-quality, diverse', 'agile workforces', 'meaningful roles', 'relevant skills', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'press release', 'other things', 'Exchange Commission', 'recent report', 'Form 10-Q', 'Form 10-K', 'other reports', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'actual results', 'joint customers', 'current beliefs', 'unexpected changes', 'Workday HCM', 'available information', 'inherent risks', 'Companies', 'PLEASANTON', 'Calif.', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Inc.', 'NASDAQ', 'WDAY', 'organizations', 'people', 'money', '39 markets', 'partnership', 'combination', 'core', 'HR', 'support', 'ambition', 'equitable', 'efficiencies', 'scale', 'strengths', 'extension', 'clients', 'selection', 'ecosystem', 'Noordende', 'industries', 'Fortune 500', 'vision', 'Operational', 'Professional', 'Digital', 'purpose', 'workplace', 'value', 'Netherlands', '40,000 employees', 'revenue', 'plans', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'control', 'filings', 'Securities', 'time']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39165,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-has-signed-a-memorandum-of-understanding-with-groupe-BPCE-with-a-view-to-sell-Socie-46410012/,Societe Generale has signed a memorandum of understanding with groupe BPCE with a view to sell Societe Generale Equipment Finance's activities,(marketscreener.com) SOCIETE GENERALE HAS SIGNED A MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING WITH GROUPE BPCE WITH A VIEW TO SELL SOCIETE GENERALE EQUIPMENT FINANCE’S ACTIVITIES Press releaseParis  11 April 2024 at 7:15 am Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met o…,"SOCIETE GENERALE HAS SIGNED A MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING WITH GROUPE BPCE WITH A VIEW TO SELL SOCIETE GENERALE EQUIPMENT FINANCE’S ACTIVITIESPress releaseParis  11 April 2024 at 7:15 amSociete Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 10 April 2024 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding with Groupe BPCE for the divestment of the professional equipment financing businesses operated by Societe Generale Equipment Finance (SGEF)*.Groupe BPCE would take over most of Societe Generale Equipment Finance’s* activities  which offer tailor-made financing and leasing solutions for distributors  traders  manufacturers and companies. SGEF deploys its expertise internationally in the transport  industrial equipment  technology  medical and renewable energy sectors. The outstanding loans of the businesses covered by the Memorandum of Understanding amount to almost €15 billion at the end of December 2023  i.e. around €8 billion in risk-weighted assets (RWA).This divestment project would mark an important step in the execution of Societe Generale's strategic roadmap presented in September 2023  targeting a streamlined  more synergetic and efficient business model  while strengthening the Group’s capital base. This transaction would be done at a price of €1.1 billion and would have an estimated positive impact of approximately 25 basis points on the Group’s CET1 ratio at the completion date which should occur in the first quarter of 2025.Slawomir Krupa  Chief Executive Officer of Societe Generale Group comments: ""During the presentation of the Group's strategy in September 2023  we affirmed Societe Generale's ambition to be a rock-solid and sustainable top tier European bank. We announced that the Group would take strategic decisions to simplify its business portfolio and shape a more integrated  competitive and synergetic business model. The signing of the Memorandum of Understanding with Groupe BPCE for the sale of SGEF's activities illustrates the strategic roadmap’s execution that creates value for all our stakeholders.”For Odile de Saivre  Chief Executive Officer of Societe Generale Equipment Finance: ""Within Societe Generale  SGEF has developed its international activities to achieve a unique geographical coverage. SGEF's employees are recognized experts who work with our customers and partners to build innovative equipment financing solutions. With the proposed Groupe BPCE project  I am delighted to open a new chapter firmly oriented towards growth  thanks to the strong alignment of our activities.”This project will be subject to the applicable social/labor procedures  the usual conditions precedent  and the approval of the relevant financial and regulatory authorities. Societe Generale remains fully committed to its employees  clients and partners during this transition period.*Only activities in the Czech Republic and Slovakia would remain part of Societe Generale.Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comAmandine Grison_+33 1 41 45 92 40_ amandine.grison@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with more than 126 000 employees serving about 25 million clients in 65 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.25,0.25,True,English,"['Societe Generale Equipment Finance', 'memorandum', 'understanding', 'groupe', 'BPCE', 'view', 'activities', 'principal socially responsible investment indices', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'sustainable top tier European bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'innovative equipment financing solutions', 'professional equipment financing businesses', 'SOCIETE GENERALE EQUIPMENT FINANCE', 'leading digital bank', 'Lorenzo Bini Smaghi', 'renewable energy sectors', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Odile de Saivre', 'applicable social/labor procedures', 'usual conditions precedent', 'three complementary sets', 'efficient business model', 'unique geographical coverage', 'distinctive global leadership', 'sustainable value creation', 'several African countries', 'specialized financing activities', 'synergetic business model', 'Societe Generale Group', 'Groupe BPCE project', 'industrial equipment', 'new chapter', 'Global Banking', 'Leasing Services', 'tailor-made financing', 'structured finance', 'leading franchises', 'French Retail', 'International Retail', 'sustainable future', 'leading partner', 'business portfolio', 'unique innovation', 'global player', 'sustainable mobility', 'leasing solutions', 'financial solutions', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'Press release', 'outstanding loans', 'risk-weighted assets', 'important step', 'strategic roadmap', 'capital base', 'positive impact', '25 basis points', 'CET1 ratio', 'completion date', 'first quarter', 'Slawomir Krupa', 'strategic decisions', 'integrated, competitive', 'strong alignment', 'relevant financial', 'regulatory authorities', 'transition period', 'Czech Republic', 'Press contacts', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'trusted relationships', 'essential objective', 'equity derivatives', 'universal banks', 'environmental transition', 'The Group', 'divestment project', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'international activities', '25 million clients', 'individual clients', 'Amandine Grison', 'insurance franchise', '65 countries', 'MEMORANDUM', 'UNDERSTANDING', 'VIEW', 'Paris', 'April', 'Board', 'Directors', 'chairmanship', 'signing', 'SGEF', 'distributors', 'traders', 'manufacturers', 'companies', 'technology', 'medical', 'end', 'December', 'RWA', 'execution', 'September', 'transaction', 'price', 'presentation', 'strategy', 'ambition', 'rock-solid', 'stakeholders', 'employees', 'experts', 'customers', 'partners', 'growth', 'approval', 'Slovakia', 'socgen', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'BoursoBank', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', '7:15']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39166,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46410049/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.9649 £ 25.0278 Estimated MTD return 1.55 % 1.60 % Estimated YTD return 1.51 % 1.86 % Estimated ITD return 179.65 % 150.28 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.10 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.7531 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.2393The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39167,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861246/0/en/INVESTOR-CALL-Virtualware-s-CEO-to-present-Annual-Report-to-shareholders.html,INVESTOR CALL: Virtualware's CEO to present Annual Report to shareholders,Bilbao  April 11 - Spanish listed company Virtualware (EPA:MLVIR)  European leader in the industrial virtual reality sector  invites its shareholders to a meeting to review the Annual Results and Auditors' Report for the 2023 financial year.,"Bilbao  April 11 - Spanish listed company Virtualware (EPA:MLVIR)  European leader in the industrial virtual reality sector  invites its shareholders to a meeting to review the Annual Results and Auditors' Report for the 2023 financial year.On January 24  the company announced the best results in its history  with total revenues of 4.55 million euros  40% more than the previous year. To explain these results  the company's performance  and plans  the company's CEO  Unai Extremo  will conduct a call with shareholders on April 25  2024  at three o'clock in the afternoon  Spanish time.The call will be in Spanish and investors can join via Zoom through the following link: https://us02web.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_SkBtZWN7T3iEfYeDXe4Edw#/registrationPresentations are available for download in both Spanish and English:Spanish: https://www.virtualwareco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/InformeAnual2023Virtualware.pdfEnglish: https://www.virtualwareco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/VirtualwareAnualReport2023.pdfABOUT VIRTUALWAREHeadquartered in Bilbao  Spain  Virtualware is a global pioneer in developing virtual reality solutions for large industrial  educational  and healthcare conglomerates. Since its founding in 2004  the company has been widely recognized for its achievements.In 2021  Virtualware was recognized as the world's most innovative VR company and in 2023 received a double Gold award for Best XR Breakthrough and Best XR Solution at the Brandon Hall Group Excellence Awards.With a strong client portfolio that includes GE Vernova  Ontario Power Generation  Petronas  Iberdrola  Alstom  Guardian Glass  Gestamp  Danone  Johnson & Johnson  Biogen  Bayer  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  Invest WindsorEssex  McMaster University  the University of El Salvador and EAN University  and a network of partners around the world  Virtualware is poised for further global expansion.The company went public on Euronext Access Paris in April 2023.For further info  please contact ir@virtualwareco.comSafe HarborThis document is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute  nor should it be construed as  an offer to sell  exchange or acquire  or an invitation to make offers to purchase  any securities issued by any of the above companies. Any decision to purchase or invest in securities in connection with a specific issue should be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information contained in the relevant prospectus filed by the company in connection with such specific issue. No person having knowledge of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  as it is subject to change and modification.This document contains or may contain forward-looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or forecasts of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (""Virtualware"" or the ""Company"") or its management as of the date hereof  which relate to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections as to future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but actual results may be materially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause actual results or decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) market conditions  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or governmental directives  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) changes in the financial condition  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparties. These factors could cause or result in actual events that differ from the information and intentions stated  projected or intended in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either in the event that events do not conform as described herein or in the event that such events cause changes in the information contained herein. This disclaimer should be borne in mind by those who may make a decision based on this document or prepare or disseminate opinions based on this document. This document may contain summary information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and may not be disclosed or disclosed to third parties other than the original recipients  even in part  without the prior consent of Virtualware.",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.35,0.51,True,English,"['INVESTOR CALL', 'Annual Report', 'Virtualware', 'CEO', 'shareholders', 'Brandon Hall Group Excellence Awards', 'international stock market movements', 'industrial virtual reality sector', 'virtual reality solutions', 'double Gold award', 'strong client portfolio', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'Euronext Access Paris', 'Best XR Breakthrough', 'Best XR Solution', 'innovative VR company', 'Spanish listed company', 'best results', 'European leader', '2023 financial year', 'total revenues', '4.55 million euros', 'previous year', 'Unai Extremo', 'three o', 'following link', 'global pioneer', 'healthcare conglomerates', 'GE Vernova', 'Guardian Glass', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'El Salvador', 'global expansion', 'Safe Harbor', 'specific issue', 'relevant prospectus', 'S.A.', 'various assumptions', 'various risks', 'governmental directives', 'exchange rates', 'interest rates', 'competitive pressures', 'financial condition', 'other past', 'third parties', 'original recipients', 'prior consent', 'Annual Results', 'Spanish time', 'Spanish Ministry', 'actual results', 'McMaster University', 'EAN University', 'future earnings', 'future documents', ""Auditors' Report"", 'forward-looking statements', 'other factors', 'macroeconomic factors', 'technological changes', 'actual events', 'information purposes', 'summary information', 'current projections', 'other document', 'Bilbao', 'Virtualware', 'EPA', 'MLVIR', 'shareholders', 'meeting', 'January', 'history', 'performance', 'plans', 'CEO', 'call', 'April', 'afternoon', 'investors', 'Zoom', 'us02web', 'webinar', 'WN_SkBtZWN7T3iEfYeDXe4Edw', 'registration', 'Presentations', 'download', 'English', 'content', 'uploads', 'Spain', 'founding', 'achievements', 'world', 'Petronas', 'Iberdrola', 'Alstom', 'Gestamp', 'Danone', 'Johnson', 'Biogen', 'Bayer', 'ADIF', 'Defense', 'network', 'partners', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'companies', 'decision', 'connection', 'basis', 'person', 'knowledge', 'modification', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'forecasts', 'management', 'date', 'business', 'estimates', 'limitation', 'regulatory', 'political', 'domestic', 'creditworthiness', 'solvency', 'customers', 'debtors', 'counterparties', 'disclaimer', 'mind', 'opinions']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39168,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861228/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.9649 £ 25.0278 Estimated MTD return 1.55 % 1.60 % Estimated YTD return 1.51 % 1.86 % Estimated ITD return 179.65 % 150.28 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.10 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.7531 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.2393The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39169,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-N-V-Resolutions-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-ForFarmers-N-V-46413009/,ForFarmers N.V.: Resolutions General Meeting of Shareholders ForFarmers N.V.,(marketscreener.com) Press release                 Lochem  11 April 2024 Resolutions General Meeting of Shareholders ForFarmers N.V.During the General Meeting of Shareholders of ForFarmers N.V.   held today  the shareholders adopted the financial statements f…,Press releaseLochem  11 April 2024Resolutions General Meeting of Shareholders ForFarmers N.V.During the General Meeting of Shareholders of ForFarmers N.V. (hereinafter referred to as the 'General Meeting' and 'ForFarmers' respectively)  held today  the shareholders adopted the financial statements for the 2023 financial year and also approved the dividend proposal for the said financial year.The dividend of € 0 15 per ordinary share will be paid to ForFarmers' shareholders entirely in cash  after deducting 15% dividend withholding tax. The ex-dividend date is 15 April 2024 and and the dividend will be paid on April 24  2024.Other resolutionsAn advisory vote was cast in favour of the 2023 remuneration report (for 97 2 %; against 2 8%).Discharge was granted to each member of the Executive Board and Mr. R.J. Tjebbes for the performance of their duties during the 2023 financial year.Discharge was granted to each member of the Supervisory Board for the performance of his/her duties during the 2023 financial year.KPMG Accountants N.V. has been appointed as auditor of ForFarmers to audit the 2024 financial statements and executive board report.Ms. A. den Otter was reappointed as a member of the Supervisory Board.The Executive Board has been designated as the authorised body - subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board - to issue ordinary shares and to grant rights to subscribe for ordinary shares limited to 10% of the issued ordinary shares for a period of 18 months.The Executive Board has been designated as the authorised body - subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board - to limit or exclude shareholders' pre-emptive rights for a period of 18 months.Authorisation was granted to the Executive Board - subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board – to have ForFarmers acquire (other than without consideration) shares in its own share capital (irrespective of the type) up to a maximum of 10% of the issued share capital of ForFarmers (determined at the time of the General Meeting). This authorisation provides the necessary flexibility to  among other things  optimise the capital structure and/or to fulfil obligations regarding (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to editors / For more information:Marieke Leussink  Manager External Communication M: +31 6 12 56 74 95E: marieke.leussink@forfarmers.euCompany profileForFarmers N.V. (‘ForFarmers’) offers complete feed solutions to the (organic) livestock farming industry. With its mission “For the Future of Farming”  ForFarmers is committed to a future-proof farming business and making the agricultural sector more sustainable. Our goal is clear: to contribute to a good return and a robust long-term business model. How? By leading the way with knowledge  advice  support and products on the farm. Close to the farmers  solution-oriented and with an open view of the future. The result: a contribution to affordable and sustainable food  For the Future of Farming.With sales of approximately 8.4 million tonnes of feed  ForFarmers is a leading player in Europe. The company has production operations in the Netherlands (head office)  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom  and exports to various countries within and outside Europe. ForFarmers has around 2 400 employees and generated revenue of approximately €3 billion in 2023. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  PO Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu  www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis document contains forward-looking statements that include ForFarmers' regulatory capital and liquidity positions under certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  statements containing words such as ''intends''  ''expects''  ''takes into account''  ''aims at''  ''has the plan''  ''estimates'' and words of similar purport. These statements concern or may affect future matters  such as ForFarmers' future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and performance to differ materially from the expected future results or performance implicitly or explicitly contained in forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause  or contribute to  differences in current expectations include  but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  taxation  case law and regulations  fluctuations in stock prices  legal proceedings  investigations by regulators  competitive conditions  and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statement or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the latest published annual report. The forward-looking statements contained in this document relate solely to statements as of the date of this document  and ForFarmers assumes no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement  whether in connection with new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is required by law to do so.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.35,0.24,True,English,"['ForFarmers N.V.', 'General Meeting', 'Resolutions', 'Shareholders', 'Mr. R.J. Tjebbes', 'Ms. A. den Otter', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'robust long-term business model', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'organic) livestock farming industry', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'Manager External Communication', 'future-proof farming business', 'ForFarmers N.V', 'complete feed solutions', 'The Executive Board', '15% dividend withholding tax', 'general economic conditions', 'executive board report', ""ForFarmers' regulatory capital"", ""shareholders' pre-emptive rights"", 'future financial results', 'business plans', 'competitive conditions', '2023 remuneration report', 'annual report', 'Supervisory Board', 'share capital', 'capital structure', 'actual results', 'General Meeting', '2023 financial year', 'Press release', 'ordinary share', 'ex-dividend date', 'advisory vote', 'necessary flexibility', 'other things', 'depositary receipts', 'agricultural sector', 'good return', 'open view', 'sustainable food', '8.4 million tonnes', 'leading player', 'production operations', 'head office', 'United Kingdom', 'various countries', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'PO Box', 'liquidity positions', 'similar purport', 'current strategies', 'current expectations', 'case law', 'stock prices', 'legal proceedings', 'forward-looking statement', 'future results', 'financial statements', 'dividend proposal', 'future matters', 'Other resolutions', 'authorised body', 'Company profile', '7240 AB Lochem', 'other factors', 'inside information', ""ForFarmers' shareholders"", 'Marieke Leussink', 'shares', '11 April', 'cash', '15 April', 'favour', 'Discharge', 'member', 'performance', 'duties', 'auditor', 'approval', 'period', '18 months', 'Authorisation', 'consideration', 'type', 'maximum', 'time', 'obligations', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Note', 'editors', 'mission', 'goal', 'way', 'knowledge', 'advice', 'support', 'products', 'contribution', 'affordable', 'sales', 'Europe', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'exports', '2,400 employees', 'revenue', 'forfarmersgroup', 'document', 'specified', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'limitation', 'words', 'estimates', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'differences', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'regulations', 'fluctuations', 'investigations', 'regulators', 'latest']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39170,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861885/0/en/Nyxoah-Appoints-Dr-Maurits-S-Boon-MD-as-Chief-Medical-Officer.html,Nyxoah Appoints Dr. Maurits S. Boon  MD as Chief Medical Officer,Nyxoah Appoints Dr. Maurits S. Boon  MD as Chief Medical Officer  Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – April 11  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA......,Nyxoah Appoints Dr. Maurits S. Boon  MD as Chief Medical OfficerMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – April 11  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced the appointment of Dr. Maurits S. Boon  MD as Chief Medical Officer.Dr. Boon joins Nyxoah from the Thomas Jefferson University  where he will continue part time as a professor and Vice Chairman  Education. He is dual board-certified in otolaryngology – head and neck surgery  as well as sleep medicine. Dr. Boon is one of two sleep surgeons with Jefferson Health to pioneer the use of hypoglossal nerve stimulation therapy (HGNS) and is internationally recognized as one of the most experienced surgeons performing HGNS procedures. He has lectured worldwide on obstructive sleep apnea  has numerous publications and is co-editor of the first book on HGNS.“As an academic physician who has dedicated my professional career to the care of patients with sleep disordered breathing  I was privileged to participate in the DREAM U.S. pivotal trial. I was initially impressed by the results I saw in my patients and then equally impressed by the data that were recently reported. As such  I am honored to have been offered a position to join Nyxoah at such an exciting time. Bilateral hypoglossal nerve stimulation with Genio has tremendous potential and I am thrilled to work with their talented team to make a meaningful impact on the lives of patients with obstructive sleep apnea ” commented Dr. Boon.“I could not be more excited to have Dr. Boon join Nyxoah. He is one of the pioneers in hypoglossal nerve stimulation and his decision to become Nyxoah’s Chief Medical Officer reflects Genio’s ability to improve the lives of OSA patients ” commented Olivier Taelman  Chief Executive Officer. “Dr. Boon will play a critical role as we prepare to enter the U.S. market and achieve our mission of making sleep simple again.”About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 20  2024  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.18,0.43,True,English,"['Dr. Maurits S. Boon', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Nyxoah', 'MD', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal trial', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'U.S. federal law', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'hypoglossal nerve stimulation therapy', 'Bilateral hypoglossal nerve stimulation', 'Dr. Maurits S. Boon', 'U.S. market', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'Thomas Jefferson University', 'increased mortality risk', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'two sleep surgeons', 'medical technology company', 'financial condition', 'Dr. Boon', 'Jefferson Health', 'experienced surgeons', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'part time', 'Vice Chairman', 'neck surgery', 'numerous publications', 'first book', 'academic physician', 'professional career', 'exciting time', 'tremendous potential', 'talented team', 'meaningful impact', 'Olivier Taelman', 'critical role', 'lead solution', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'potential advantages', 'regulatory pathway', 'clinical data', 'FDA approval', 'financial effects', 'Risk Factors', 'Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent reports', 'Genio® system', 'Forward-looking statements', 'investigational use', 'potential use', 'future periods', '10:30pm CET', 'other factors', 'past trends', 'HGNS procedures', 'actual events', 'actual results', 'Nyxoah SA', 'future performance', 'OSA patients', '4:30pm', 'MD', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'April', 'NYXH', 'development', 'commercialization', 'appointment', 'professor', 'Education', 'board', 'otolaryngology', 'head', 'medicine', 'editor', 'position', 'lives', 'pioneers', 'decision', 'ability', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'information', 'Caution', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'goals', 'respect', 'utility', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'section', 'year', 'Securities', 'March', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'fairness']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39171,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/nhoa-atlante-to-receive-additional--17-million-of-financial-support-from-the-european-union-to-deploy-700-fast-and-ultrafast-points-of-charge-in-italy-93CH-3375604,NHOA: Atlante to Receive Additional €17 Million of Financial Support From the European Union to Deploy 700 Fast and Ultra-Fast Points of Charge in Italy By Investing.com,NHOA: Atlante to Receive Additional  €17 Million of Financial Support From the European Union to Deploy 700 Fast and Ultra-Fast Points of Charge in Italy,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Atlante  the company of NHOA Group (NHOA.PA  formerly Engie EPS) dedicated to fast and ultra-fast charging network for electric vehicles (EV)  has been selected for the third time to receive a grant by the European Union under CEF Transport “ Alternative Fuels Infrastructure Facility (AFIF) “ fifth cut-off date  the funding programme supporting European transport infrastructure  with the award  this time  of a €17.2 million grant.Under the same European programme  second cut-off  Atlante had been awarded in 2022 with €23 million and again in September 2023  under the fourth cut-off  with an additional €49.9 million funding  totaling with this fifth cut-off  c. €90 million of funding. The selection has been approved by the EU Member States and by the European Commission.Under this project  named AtlanteHIT  Atlante plans to install over 700 electrified parking slots  distributed among 44 fastcharging hubs  of which 32 for passenger cars and vans and 12 for heavy-duty vehicles  such as trucks  buses and coaches.Atlante's latest funding reinforces its position as a comprehensive and active player in the EV charging ecosystem. Each new Atlante charging hub  situated along the trans-European transport road network (TEN-T)  will feature 12 or 24 points of charge for light-duty vehicles hubs and 8 points of charge for heavy-duty vehicles hubs  making Atlante's infrastructures a highly strategic addition to Italy's EV landscape “ which nowadays notably counts a limited fastcharging infrastructure.Furthermore  by introducing fastcharging hubs dedicated to e-Trucks  Atlante is addressing also the high-emission segment of heavy-duty vehicles and taking a crucial step towards decarbonizing transport in Southern Europe.Importantly  the AtlanteHIT project has been supported by Cassa Depositi e Prestiti  the Italian Implementing Partner  that confirms its role as a facilitator of access to European resources and development opportunities and as a lender in support of sustainable infrastructure development projects.All Atlante charging hubs will be powered by 100% renewable energy and modular in design  allowing for flexibility and scalability. Each station will either come equipped with on-site battery storage or be readily adaptable for it  ensuring efficient management of peak charging hours. Additionally  the stations will harness on-site or off-site solar energy production. Once fully developed  all points of charge will fully integrate with National grids  forming one of the largest Virtual Power Plants globally.Atlante's mission is to empower people to move freely while enjoying a better and more sustainable future  in harmony with our planet and creating a spread network of fast and ultra-fast charging stations in Southern Europe is essential to support electric mobility  allowing EV drivers to charge their vehicles easily everywhere  in a matter of minutes rather than hours.Consistently with the Amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document1  these €17.2 million from the European Union contribute towards the realization of one of the assumptions of the funding plan for Atlante's objective of 22 000 points of charge by 2030  namely 30% of the annual Capex to be funded via public grants and funding programs.For the third time  Atlante has presented to the European Commission a convincing project to foster zero emission mobility in Southern Europe  once again leveraging on our innovative approach. With this third award  we reach an impressive €90 million of grants awarded overall to fast-track the deployment of 3 200 points of charge along Europe's most important traffic axes. This strategic financial support amplifies our mission and solidifies our role as a pivotal player in the European green revolution. Backing up Atlante  the paramount support of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti clearly underscores the importance of public-private partnerships in achieving ambitious environmental goals  as we all share the same planet and  in the end  the same goals  by not merely installing charging points but by crafting the arteries of the future's eco-friendly mobility network. Allow me to extend my gratitude to our partners and stakeholders who supported the project and to my colleagues who worked hard to prepare it  as this represents the fundamental drive to continue to forge paths towards a greener  more sustainable future  commented Stefano Terranova  CEO of Atlante.All the Atlante EV fastcharging stations will be accessible to people with reduced mobility  open 24/7 to all electric vehicles and compatible with every charging standard and service provider for electric mobility  while direct payment via credit and debit cards will be enabled through POS Terminals.NHOA GroupNHOA S.A. (formerly Engie EPS)  global player in energy storage  e-mobility and EV fast and ultra-fast charging network  develops technologies enabling the transition towards clean energy and sustainable mobility  shaping the future of a next generation living in harmony with our planet.Listed on Euronext Paris regulated market (NHOA.PA)  NHOA Group forms part of the ® Mid & Small and CAC ® All-Tradable financial indices.For further information  go to www.nhoagroup.comFollow us on LinkedInFollow us on InstagramAtlanteAtlante is a company of NHOA Group (NHOA.PA  formerly Engie EPS)  global player in energy storage and e-mobility  which develops technologies enabling the transition towards clean energy and sustainable mobility  shaping the future of a next generation living in harmony with our planet.Atlante is developing the largest fast and ultra-fast charging network in Southern Europe  100% enabled by renewables  and enhanced by energy storage and on-site photovoltaic. It aims to install in Italy  France  Spain and Portugal 5 000 fast and ultra-fast points of charge by 2025  and over 35 000 by 2030.Operating since October 2021  Atlante has today more than 2 000 charging points online in its four countries with thousands more under construction and development. Leveraging on the technological heritage of the NHOA Group  including via collaboration with its sister company Free2move eSolutions  Atlante is a preferential network of the Stellantis (NYSE: ) automotive group and its customers. Atlante stations are fully interoperable and can be accessed by virtually any e-mobility app or charging card  and by any make and model of electric vehicles.For further information  go to www.atlante.energyFollow us on LinkedInFollow us on Instagram1 filed under number D. 23-0366-A01 on August 28  2023  sections 3.3.2 and 11.3View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240411731200/en/Press Office Atlante: Davide D'Amico  PressMediaLab  +39 335 7715011  +39 011 7732952 “106  atlante@pressmedialab.comPress Office NHOA Group: Claudia Caracausi and Davide Bruzzese  Image Building  +39 02 89011300  nhoa@imagebuilding.itFinancial Communication and Institutional Relations: Chiara Cerri  +39 337 1484534  media.relations@nhoagroup.comSource: NHOA,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.7,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Support', 'European Union', 'Ultra-Fast Points', 'NHOA', 'Atlante', 'Additional €17', '700 Fast', 'Charge', 'Italy', 'Investing', 'CEF Transport “ Alternative Fuels Infrastructure Facility', 'largest Virtual Power Plants', 'trans-European transport road network', 'sustainable infrastructure development projects', 'new Atlante charging hub', 'All Atlante charging hubs', 'European transport infrastructure', 'limited fastcharging infrastructure', 'Atlante EV fastcharging stations', 'ultra-fast charging network', 'EU Member States', '700 electrified parking slots', 'Italian Implementing Partner', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'important traffic axes', 'ultra-fast charging stations', 'ambitious environmental goals', 'European green revolution', 'EV charging ecosystem', 'solar energy production', 'zero emission mobility', 'eco-friendly mobility network', 'peak charging hours', 'strategic financial support', 'NHOA S.A.', 'light-duty vehicles hubs', 'fifth cut-off date', 'heavy-duty vehicles hubs', 'same European programme', '44 fastcharging hubs', 'development opportunities', 'spread network', 'charging standard', 'same goals', 'sustainable mobility', 'European Union', 'European Commission', 'European resources', 'EV landscape', 'EV drivers', 'second cut-off', 'fourth cut-off', '100% renewable energy', 'energy storage', 'clean energy', 'funding programme', 'charging points', 'electric vehicles', 'electric mobility', 'reduced mobility', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'NHOA Group', 'Engie EPS', 'third time', 'passenger cars', 'active player', 'high-emission segment', 'crucial step', 'Cassa Depositi', 'battery storage', 'efficient management', 'National grids', 'sustainable future', 'annual Capex', 'innovative approach', 'pivotal player', 'paramount support', 'public-private partnerships', 'fundamental drive', 'Stefano Terranova', 'service provider', 'direct payment', 'debit cards', 'POS Terminals', 'global player', 'next generation', 'Southern Europe', '€49.9 million funding', 'latest funding', 'funding programs', 'same planet', '€17.2 million grant', 'AtlanteHIT project', 'public grants', 'convincing project', 'third award', 'NHOA.', '24 points', '8 points', '22,000 points', '3,200 points', 'PARIS', 'company', 'AFIF', 'September', 'selection', 'vans', 'trucks', 'buses', 'coaches', 'position', 'comprehensive', 'TEN-T', 'charge', 'infrastructures', 'addition', 'Italy', 'Prestiti', 'role', 'facilitator', 'access', 'lender', 'design', 'flexibility', 'scalability', 'site', 'people', 'harmony', 'matter', 'minutes', 'Amendment', 'realization', 'assumptions', 'objective', 'impressive €90', 'deployment', 'importance', 'arteries', 'gratitude', 'stakeholders', 'colleagues', 'paths', 'CEO', 'credit', 'technologies', 'transition', 'Euron', '12']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,investing.com
39172,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RACING-FORCE-S-P-A-129457864/news/Racing-Force-S-p-a-Publication-of-the-Notice-of-Call-for-the-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-Share-46414760/,Racing Force S.p.a. :  Publication of the Notice of Call for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com)  Racing Force S.p.A.  parent company of Racing Force Group  announces that the extract of the notice of call for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting was published today in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and it is fully availabl…,"Racing Force S.p.A.  parent company of Racing Force Group  announces that the extract of the notice of call for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting was published today in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and it is fully available on the Company website.The Shareholders' Meeting is convened in ordinary and extraordinary session for April 29th  2024  at 3:00 p.m.  in a single call  to discuss and resolve upon the followingAGENDA:Extraordinary section:1. Proposal to the shareholders' meeting to amend the current text of the Company's bylaws following (i) the changes made to the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers Regulation regarding the assessment of independence requirements for independent directors as per Borsa Italiana S.p.A.'s Notice no. 43747  (ii) the entry into force of Law no. 21/2024 (""Legge Capitali"")  as well as minor revisions; related and consequential resolutions.Ordinary section:1. Examination and approval of the financial statements of Racing Force S.p.A. as of December 31  2023  including the report of the Board of Directors on the company's operations  the report of the Board of Statutory Auditors  and the report of the audit firm; presentation of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31  2023; related and consequential resolutions;2. Allocation of the net income for the year; related and consequential resolutions;3. Appointment of the Board of Directors for the period 2024-2026  including determination of the number of members  duration  and remuneration thereof; related and consequential resolutions;4. Authorization for the purchase and disposal of own shares by the Company pursuant to Articles 2357 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code; related and consequential resolutions.The shareholders' meeting will be held exclusively by telecommunication means that ensure the identification of the attendees  their participation and the exercise of voting rights.***COMPOSITION OF SHARE CAPITALThe subscribed and paid-up share capital of Racing Force S.p.A. is EUR 2 569 919.80  represented by 25 699 198 shares  with no indication of the par value. At the date of this notice  the Company does not hold any treasury shares.PARTICIPATION TO THE MEETINGPursuant to the law and the bylaws  the shareholders for whom the Company has received  by the end of the third trading day preceding the date set for the shareholders' meeting (i.e.  April 24th  2024)  the appropriate communication issued by the authorized intermediary (the ""Intermediary Communication"") certifying their entitlement on the basis of its accounting records  shall be entitled to attend the meeting. This shall be without prejudice to the entitlement to attend and vote if such Intermediary's Communication is received by the Company after the aforementioned deadline  provided that it is received by the start of the meeting.The Intermediary's Communication shall be made by the Intermediary on the basis of the evidence relating to the end of the accounting day of the seventh trading day preceding the date set for the shareholders' meeting (i.e.  April 18th  2024). Credit or debit entries made to the accounts after this deadline are irrelevant for the purpose of entitlement to exercise voting rights at the shareholders' meeting.Pursuant to the Bylaws  as well as art. 106 of the Italian Law Decree no. 18/2020 (so called “Decreto Cura Italia”) converted with Italian Law no. 27/2020 which application has been extended by Italian Law Decree no. 215/2023 (so-called “Decreto Legge Milleproroghe”)  converted with amendments with Italian Law no. 18/2024  the Company has decided to availherself of the option (provided therein) to provide that the shareholders' meeting is held exclusively by means of telecommunications  provided that the collegial method and the principles of good faith and equal treatment of shareholders  as well as the other conditions set forth in the bylaws  are respected.To this end  the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at the meeting may obtain the link to connect to the meeting via video-audio conference  as permitted by art. 16 of the bylaws  by sending a specific request to amministrazione@pec.ompracing.it or ir@racingforce.com  attaching the copy of the Intermediary Communication as well as:(i) in case of a shareholder who is an individual  a copy of his/her identity document (ID card or passport);(ii) in case of a shareholder who is a legal entity  a copy of the identity document? (ID card? or passport) of the legal representative or of the person with the relevant powers to attend the shareholders' meeting as well as a copy of the documentation attesting to powers to legally represent or the grant of the aforementioned powers to the attendee.Notwithstanding the methods of participation exclusively by means of telecommunications  each shareholder who is entitled to attend the shareholders' meeting may be represented  in accordance with law  by written proxy  in compliance with the provisions of art. 2372 of the Italian Civil Code  with the right to sign the proxy form available on the Company's website at the address: www.racingforce.com  under the section ""Investor Relations - Shareholders' Meetings."" The proxy shall be sent to the Company by registered mail with return receipt to Racing Force S.p.A.  Via E. Bazzano No. 5  16019  Ronco Scrivia (GE)  or to the address amministrazione@pec.ompracing.it or ir@racingforce.com.APPOINTMENT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSPursuant to the Bylaws  the board of directors is appointed on the basis of lists of candidates. Only shareholders who  alone or together with other shareholders  represent at least 10% of the share capital are entitled to submit lists. Certification proving ownership of the number of sharesrequired to submit the list must be produced at the time of filing the list itself or even at a later date  provided that it is within the deadline for filing the list.The lists  duly signed by each of the holders of the voting right who submitted them and accompanied by a certification showing the percentage of shareholding held by the holders of the voting right and the ownership of such shareholding  must be deposited at the Company's registered office  or transmitted by e-mail to the address amministrazione@pec.ompracing.it or ir@racingforce.com  at least 7 (seven) days before the date of the Shareholders' Meeting on first call (i.e.  by April 22th  2024).The Company will make the lists and their attachments available to the public  at least 6 (six) days before the date scheduled for the said Shareholders' Meeting  at the registered office and on its website at: www.racingforce.com  under the section ""Investor Relations - Shareholders' Meetings.""INTEGRATION OF AGENDA AND RIGHT TO ASK QUESTIONSFor the exercise of the right to integrate the agenda and the right to ask questions before the shareholders' meeting  provided for in art. 14 of the bylaws  please refer to the text of the bylaws themselves published on the corporate website at www.racingforce.com  under ""Corporate Governance - Corporate Documents.""DOCUMENTSThe documents relating to the items on the agenda  as required by law  will be made available to the public within the terms of law  at the Company's registered office and on the Company's website  www.racingforce.com  under the section ""Investor Relations - Shareholders' Meetings"".The notice of call is published on the Company's website www.racingforce.com  under the section ""Investor Relations - Shareholders' Meetings"" and on the website www.borsaitaliana.it  under the section ""Shares/Documents.""This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yZ1pZZpnZpyalZ1vl5Zra5Nqm5tjkmXKZ2KeyWSbYseWmp1hlWplbJjGZnFmlW1q- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of the preparatory documents for the GM Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85084-rfg-publication-notice-of-call-shareholders_-meeting-29th-april-2024.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.47,0.53,True,English,"['Racing Force S.', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Publication', 'Notice', 'Call', 'Euronext Growth Milan Issuers Regulation', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Racing Force S.p.A.', 'Racing Force Group', 'Italian Civil Code', 'third trading day', 'seventh trading day', 'Decreto Legge Milleproroghe', 'Italian Law Decree', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'accounting day', 'Legge Capitali', 'extraordinary session', 'Extraordinary section', 'Gazzetta Ufficiale', 'April 29th', 'current text', 'independence requirements', 'minor revisions', 'consequential resolutions', 'financial statements', 'Statutory Auditors', 'audit firm', 'net income', 'voting rights', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'par value', 'April 24th', 'accounting records', 'April 18th', 'debit entries', 'collegial method', 'good faith', 'equal treatment', 'other conditions', 'video-audio conference', 'specific request', 'identity document', 'ID card', 'legal entity', 'legal representative', 'appropriate communication', 'single call', 'The Intermediary', 'proxy form', 'independent directors', 'telecommunication means', 'treasury shares', 'relevant powers', 'parent company', 'Company website', 'Intermediary Communication', '25,699,198 shares', 'extract', 'notice', 'AGENDA', 'Proposal', 'bylaws', 'changes', 'assessment', 'entry', 'related', 'Examination', 'approval', 'December', 'report', 'Board', 'operations', 'presentation', 'Allocation', 'year', 'Appointment', 'period', 'determination', 'number', 'members', 'duration', 'remuneration', 'Authorization', 'purchase', 'disposal', 'Articles', 'identification', 'attendees', 'participation', 'exercise', 'COMPOSITION', 'indication', 'date', 'entitlement', 'basis', 'prejudice', 'deadline', 'start', 'evidence', 'preceding', 'Credit', 'accounts', 'purpose', 'art.', 'Cura', 'application', 'amendments', 'option', 'telecommunications', 'principles', 'link', 'amministrazione', 'ompracing', 'racingforce', 'copy', 'case', 'individual', 'passport', 'person', 'documentation', 'grant', 'methods', 'accordance', 'compliance', 'provisions', '3:00', '3.']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39173,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROFINS-SCIENTIFIC-SE-4753/news/Eurofins-Scientific-Managers-transactions-Director-PDMR-Shareholding-46414821/,Eurofins Scientific : Managers' transactions Director/PDMR Shareholding,(marketscreener.com)   NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES   AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM   1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely a…,NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIESAND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associateda) Name1 REICHELT Joachim2. Reason for the notificationa) Position / status2 Group SVP / Member of Group Operating CouncilInitial notification / amendment 3Initial3. Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E. b) LEI5 529900JEHFM47DYY3S574. Details of the transaction(s)section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each placewhere transactions have been conductedDescription of the financialinstrument  type of instrument 6 Share Identification code7 ISIN: FR0014000MR3 b) Nature of the transaction8 Purchase of shares Transaction is linked to the Eurofins stock option / free share / stock option program c) Price(s) and volume(s)9 Price(s) Volume(s) EUR 44.68 1500 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume10 EUR 67 020.00 - Price11 EUR 44.68 e) Date of the transaction12 2024-04-09 f) Place of the transaction13 Euronext ParisDate and signature_______________________________For natural persons: the first name and the last name(s). For legal persons: full name including legal form as provided for in the register where it is incorporated  if applicable. For persons discharging managerial responsibilities: the position occupied within the issuer  emission allowances market participant/auction platform/auctioneer/auction monitor should be indicated  e.g. CEO  CFO.For persons closely associated:- an indication that the notification concerns a person closely associated with a person discharging managerial responsibilities - the name and position of the relevant person discharging managerial responsibilities. Indication that this is an initial notification or an amendment to prior notifications. In case of amendment  explain the error that this notification is amending.4Full name of the entity.in accordance with ISO 17442 LEI code.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"[""Managers' transactions Director"", 'Eurofins Scientific', 'PDMR Shareholding', 'Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E', 'Share Identification code7 ISIN', 'emission allowance market participant', 'PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES', 'Eurofins stock option', 'status2 Group SVP', 'Group Operating Council', 'stock option program', 'transaction13 Euronext Paris', 'market participant/auction platform', 'ISO 17442 LEI code', 'free share', 'Price(s', 'emission allowances', 'PUBLIC DISCLOSURE', 'REICHELT Joachim', 'auction monitor', 'LEI5 529900JEHFM47DYY3S57', 'Aggregated information', 'Aggregated volume10', 'legal form', 'prior notifications', 'natural persons', 'legal persons', 'first name', 'last name', 'full name', 'financial instrument', 'shares Transaction', 'relevant person', 'Initial notification', 'TRANSACTIONS', 'Details', 'Name1', 'Reason', 'Position', 'Member', 'amendment', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'section', 'type', 'date', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'transaction8', 'Purchase', 'Price11', 'transaction12', 'register', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'indication', 'case', 'error', 'entity', 'accordance', '2.']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39174,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARBIOS-15262917/news/CARBIOS-announces-fiscal-year-2023-financial-results-and-confirms-2024-calendar-for-industrial-and-c-46409899/,CARBIOS announces fiscal-year 2023 financial results and confirms 2024 calendar for industrial and commercial roll-out,(marketscreener.com) CARBIOS Group’s solid financial structure: cash position of €192 million on December 31  2023Construction progress of world’s first PET1 biorecycling plant in France: in line with delivery targets for customers in 2026Licensing: internati…,"CARBIOS Group’s solid financial structure: cash position of €192 million on December 31  2023Construction progress of world’s first PET 1 biorecycling plant in France: in line with delivery targets for customers in 2026Licensing: international sales teams deployed in more than ten countries  with several partnerships feasible for 2024Clermont-Ferrand  France  April 11  2024 (6:45 a.m. CEST) - CARBIOS (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB)  a biotech company developing and industrializing biological solutions to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles  today reported its operating and financial results for the financial year 2023. The financial statements as of December 31  2023  were approved by the Company’s Board of Directors at their meeting on April 10  2024.Emmanuel Ladent  CEO of CARBIOS: “2023 was marked by major scientific and operational achievements  most prominently  the start of the construction  in France  of the world’s first industrial PET biorecycling plant which is due to go into production in 2026 and will serve the many customers who expect our products. We also signed a mutually exclusive alliance with Novonesis ensuring enzyme supply for our Longlaville plant and all future plants operated under license. In addition  we reached an important milestone for the recycling of polyester textiles with the development and implementation of a fully automated and integrated textile preparation line. I would like to thank the commitment of our employees  as well as all our partners’ contributions in making CARBIOS a future world leader in the r-PET market.”Pascal Bricout  Chief of Strategy and Financial Officer of CARBIOS: “In fiscal year 2023  we consolidated our financial structure to support the industrial and commercial deployment of our technologies and accelerate our R&D on other polymer families  notably polyamides and polyolefins. We successfully completed a capital increase with preferential subscription rights for a gross amount of €141 million  the largest fundraising on Euronext Growth since 2015. In addition  we were granted funding totaling €54 million from French State via France 2030 and Grand-Est Region  of the majority of which will be allocated to the construction of our plant in Longlaville. The official groundbreaking ceremony will take place on 25 April. We now have the resources required to press ahead with the construction of our first plant and ensure the commercial and international deployment of our activities.”A webcast and conference call will take place today at 11:00 am (CEST)Emmanuel LADENT – CEO / Pascal BRICOUT – Chief of Strategy and FinanceAccess to the webcast: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/cyrcdmu8France Dial-in: +33 170918704 UK Dial-in: +44 1 212818004 US Dial-in: +1 718 70587962023 Financial highlightsThe consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31  2023  are presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and adopted by the European Union.For 2022 and 2023  these IFRS consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of CARBIOS  the parent company  and the financial statements of its fully integrated subsidiaries Carbiolice and CARBIOS 542. The group formed by CARBIOS  Carbiolice and CARBIOS 54 is hereinafter referred to as the “Group”.These IFRS financial statements for the Group have been prepared to provide high quality information in line with that of similar companies and based on international standards.Consolidated Statement of incomeConsolidated statement of income(in thousand euros) December31  2023 December 31  2022 12 months 12 months Income 24 70 Net Research and Development expenses (10 958) (12 993) Research and Development expenses (18 830) (19 057) Subsidies and other income from activities 5 385 4 776 Capitalisation of development costs 2 487 1 287 Sales and marketing expenses (5 809) (4 373) General and administrative expenses (12 134) (8 807) Operating expenses (28 902) (26 173) Other operating income and expenses - 2 Operating income (28 878) (26 101) Financial income 1 655 (1 640) Income before tax (27 224) (27 741) Income tax - - Share and profit (loss) of equity affiliates - - Net income (loss) for the period (27 224) (27 741)Income according to IFRS 15 standardsFor the financial years 2022 and 2023  income accounted under IFRS 15 is related to feasibility studies  tests  and research services with performance obligation  as well as deliveries of raw materials and samples of CARBIOS Active by Carbiolice.As of December 31  2023  the Group’s income stood at €24 thousand  compared to €70 thousand for the year ended December 31  2022.Current operating expensesWith regards to the presentation of its IFRS consolidated statements  the Group shows a statement of income by destination. Thus  current operating expenses are categorized and presented as: Net Research and Development expenses  Sales and Marketing expenses  as well as General and Administrative expenses.Operating expenses stood at €28 902 thousand for 2023  compared to €26 173 thousand in 2022.To support the growth of its activities  the average number of employees within the Group increased from 104 in 2022 to 134 in 2023.Net Research and Development expenses: The Group pursued its research and development efforts on all its proprietary pipeline of innovations and notably on its biorecycling technology for PET plastic and polyester fibers. For 2023  the Group’s Net R&D expenses stood at €10 958 thousand  compared to €12 993 thousand for 2022.For FY 2023:On R&D  the Group spent €18 958 thousand. The slight decrease in R&D expenses is mainly due to the launch of the OPTI-ZYME project financed by ADEME  under which the Group’s academic partners are funded directly through the project. In addition  as the plant construction project has progressed  engineering costs are no longer accounted as expenses but capitalized directly to fixed asset accounts. Also  to successfully complete its R&D and industrial projects  the Company is continuing to strengthen its teams  which explains the increase in personnel costs.On Subsidies and other income from operations  the Group recorded €5 385 thousand  partially offsetting its R&D expenses. This item includes notably research tax credits to be received of respectively €2 543 thousand for CARBIOS and €672 thousand for Carbiolice in 2023 (as opposed to respectively €2 538 thousand and €655 thousand in 2022)  as well as grants received during the year linked to the launch of the OPTI-ZYME project financed by ADEME. Finally  the Group has capitalized €2 487 thousand development expenses related to the Company’s PET enzymatic recycling project in 2023.Sales and Marketing expenses : Sales and marketing expenses stood at €5 809 thousand in 2023  compared to €4 373 thousand in 2022. This increase mainly comes from strengthened efforts to address market demand and sell licences in a near future. The Group is also continuing its structuring work with a reinforcement of its teams to achieve its development goals in France and internationally.General and Administrative expenses : General and administrative expenses stood at €12 134 thousand in 2023  as opposed to €8 807 thousand in 2022. This increase is mainly due to the strengthening of the teams dedicated to the Longlaville plant construction and increased use of external consulting services to continue structuring the Group in a variety of areas (recruitment  QHSE  CSR  IT  etc.)Balance Sheet itemsConsolidated statement of financial position(in thousand euros)December31  2023 December31  2022 12 months 12 months ASSETS Goodwill 20 583 20 583 Intangible assets 21 874 22 457 Tangible assets 49 199 24 965 Right-of-use assets 6 175 6 765 Financial assets 1 219 906 Non-current assets 99 049 75 674 Trade receivables 6 57 Inventory 511 - Other current assets 10 621 7 670 Cash and cash equivalents 191 821 100 557 Current assets 202 009 108 284 Total assets 302 009 183 959Consolidated statement of financial position(in thousand euros)December31  2023 December31  2022 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Share capital 11 786 7 870 Share and contribution premium 276 569 146 968 Consolidated reserves (2 900) (5 482) Retained earnings (23 917) 3 826 Net income – share attributable to equity holders of the parent company(27 224)(27 741) Shareholders’ equity 234 314 125 441 Provisions – Non-current portion 216 184 Loans and financial liabilities – Non-current portion 39 226 35 395 Lease liabilities – Non-current portion 4 639 5 142 Other liabilities – Non-current portion 449 546 Deferred tax liabilities 1 694 1 694 Non-current liabilities 46 224 42 961 Provisions - Current portion - - Loans and financial liabilities – Current portion 3 524 2 782 Lease liabilities – Current portion 1 232 1 346 Trade payables 4 829 4 021 Other current liabilities 11 888 7 408 Current liabilities 21 472 15 557 Total liabilities and equity 302 009 183 959As of December 31  2023  cash and cash equivalents amounted to €192 million  compared to €101 million for the year ended December 31  2022.The other key balance sheet items as of December 31  2023 are:€20 6 million corresponding to the Goodwill calculated between the market value of Carbiolice and the net assets acquired; the impairment tests carried out in 2023 do not call this amount into question.Intangible assets for a net book value of €21.9 million for the year ended December 31  2023.Pursuing on its active policy of securing its Intellectual Property  CARBIOS continued to enrich its IP portfolio with the filing of 5 new patent families. The Group’s intellectual property portfolio at the end of 2023 included 58 patent families.As a result of the full integration of Carbiolice in 2021  €22.3 million were also recognized for the purchase price of Carbiolice  with a net amortization position of €18 million as of December 31  2023  including:€10.1 million net (€12.5 million gross) for the technology license (or “reacquired rights”). Under IFRS 3  the technology license between CARBIOS and Carbiolice is assimilated to a pre-existing relationship giving rise to the recognition of a “reacquired rights” asset that has been valued using the expected cash flow method; and€7.9 million net (€9.8 million gross) market value of the acquired technology (Masterbatch) valued using the royalty and restoration cost method.Tangible assets for a net book value of €49.2 million  as compared to €25 million for the year ended December 31  2022.This strong increase is mainly due to:€21 million investment related to the construction project of the first PET biorecycling plant through CARBIOS 54;continued investment in the industrial demonstration facility. These tangible assets also include leasebacks relating to the industrial demonstration facility. As of December 31  2023  the operation covers €4.3 million of equipment depreciated over 10 years  in addition to the €1.5 million for the previous year; and€2.1 million invested in renovating the building housing the production line of Carbiolice and the textile preparation line  at the Cataroux site in Clermont-Ferrand.Rights-of-use asset for a net book value of €6.2 million corresponding to the market value of the tangible and intangible assets benefiting to the Group through its various lease contracts. In return  “lease debts” are recorded on the liabilities side of the balance sheet as financing for these assets; andShareholder’s equity of €234.3 million  including the net proceeds of the €141 million capital increase successfully completed in July 2023 with French and International investors  as compared to €125.4 million for the year ended December 31  2022.Cash flow statementConsolidated cash flow statement (in thousand euros) December31  2023 December31  2022 Cash at beginning of year 100 556 104 956 Cash flow from operating activities (22 589) (21 820) Cash flow from investing activities (22 391) (9 327) Cash flow from financing activities 136 246 26 747 Change in cash position 91 265 (4 398) Cash at end of year 191 821 100 557Benefiting from the net proceeds of the €141 million raised in 2023  the Group closed out with a net cash position of €192 million at year-end 2023  enabling it to pursue current developments beyond the next 12 months.FY 2023 and post-closing highlightsConstruction of the world’s first industrial PET biorecycling plant in FranceIn fiscal year 2023  we have established the necessary partnerships to successfully build the world's first PET biorecycling plant in France. This industrial plant  which is currently under construction in Longlaville (permit granted in October 2023 and groundbreaking ceremony to be held on April 25  2024) is located at the borders of Luxembourg  Germany and Belgium  some of the most advanced waste-sorting countries. It is designed to process 50 000 tons of PET waste annually  equivalent to 2 billion bottles or 2.5 billion food trays. This plant will also serve to bolster the Company's business model of licensing its technology to manufacturers who will build their own plants  as well as reinforce the Company's know-how in its industrial and commercial deployment strategy through international licensing.In June 2023  we signed a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) with Indorama Ventures  with a view to acquiring a minority stake in this first PET biorecycling plant.In October 2023  we were granted the building permit and operating authorization for the PET biorecycling plant  allowing construction to start. In addition  in February 2024  we completed the acquisition from Indorama Ventures of a 13.7-hectare site adjacent to their existing PET production plant in Longlaville. The land area acquired by CARBIOS gives the possibility to double the facility's capacity.By simultaneously acquiring construction and operating permits  construction work as well as recruitment and training of plant staff can continue as planned. The state-of-the-art facility will pave the way for PET circular economy by providing an industrial-scale enzymatic recycling solution for PET waste. Our PET recycling technology offers an alternative raw material to virgin fossil-based monomers  allowing PET producers  chemical companies  waste management firms  public entities  and brands to meet regulatory requirements and fulfill given sustainability commitments.In February 2024  CARBIOS and De Smet Engineers & Contractors (DSEC) announced their collaboration to spearhead the construction of the plant. Under the agreement  De Smet has been entrusted with the project management and detailed engineering  including procurement assistance and CARBIOS partners’ management  to ensure the execution of the plant's construction in Longlaville  France.Financing of plantIn May 2023  CARBIOS announced that its project has been selected by the French government for funding for an amount of €30 million from the French State via France 2030 and €12.5 million from the Grand-Est Region3.Alongside this support  CARBIOS has been granted total funding of €11.4 million from the French State as part of France 2030  of which €8.2 million directly for CARBIOS (€5 million in repayable advances) and €3.2 million for its academic partners INRAE  INSA and CNRS via the TWB and TBI joint service and research units. This funding will enable the Group to continue its research into the optimization and continuous improvement of CARBIOS’ enzymatic technologies.In July 2023  CARBIOS announced the success of its capital increase in cash with preferential subscription rights (“PSR”) maintained for a gross amount of approximately €141 million4. Approximately 85% of the net proceeds of this capital increase are to be used to finance the construction of the industrial PET biorecycling plant  for which the investment was estimated in June 2023 at around €230 million (FEL 3).Textile preparation lineIn October 2023  CARBIOS inaugurated its textile preparation line at our demonstration plant in Clermont-Ferrand. Polyester textiles account for 2/3 of the global PET market of around 100 million tons. Only 13% of textile waste is currently recycled  and only 1% is recycled ""fiber-to-fiber""5 6. To streamline the textile preparation phase  CARBIOS has developed a fully integrated and automated line that transforms textile waste from used garments or cutting scraps into raw material suitable for depolymerization with its enzymatic biorecycling process. This patented line integrates all preparation stages (shredding and extraction of hard points such as buttons or fasteners)  and provides CARBIOS with a high-performance  scalable development tool.Other operational highlightsStrategic alliance with NovonesisIn January 2023  CARBIOS strengthened its strategic partnership with Novonesis by signing an exclusive and long-term agreement which ensures the production and supply of CARBIOS’ proprietary PET degrading enzymes at industrial scale for our first plant  as well as for our future licensees.Licensing documentation readyIn April 2023  we finalized the engineering documentation7 enabling us to provide our licensees with the necessary information for future industrial plants. This new industrial milestone on schedule in the deployment of our PET biorecycling technology is the result of our successful operations conducted in our demonstration plant and is the starting point to enter first licensing agreements in 2024. It will enable CARBIOS’ future licensees to reliably engineer  construct and operate their own PET biorecycling facilities.Supply agreements secured with Citeo and Landbell GroupIn April 2023  we secured a first supply agreement with Citeo for our PET biorecycling plant. This long-term agreement covers the supply of PET waste from multilayer and monolayer trays. This PET waste will be recycled in our industrial plant  which is due to go into production in 2026.In February 2024  CARBIOS and Landbell Group  a leading provider for compliance solutions and global operator of more than 40 takeback schemes  announce the signing of a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to supply 15kt/year of post-consumer PET waste to CARBIOS' first commercial plant in Longlaville starting 2026.Through the partnership with Landbell Group in Germany  the supply agreement with Citeo in France and the MOU with Indorama Ventures  CARBIOS will have covered over 70% of its feedstock required for the 50kt/year capacity when its first commercial plant in Longlaville  France  will operate at full capacity.Textile consortiumIn February 2023  PVH Corp.  a leading fashion company joined our fiber-to-fiber consortium founded by CARBIOS with On  Patagonia  PUMA  and Salomon. Committed to accelerating the transition of the textile industry toward a circular economy  consortium members collaborate to test and enhance CARBIOS’ breakthrough biological recycling technology on their own products. The common goal of the consortium members is to create real circularity in this industry by innovating to recycle fibers from one product into another and so reduce the problem of textile waste in a collaborative approach that helps create a more sustainable future.Ellen MacArthur Foundation and Paris Good FashionIn March 2023  CARBIOS became a member of the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s Network. CARBIOS shares the Foundation’s commitment to accelerate the transition to a circular economy  especially in the areas of plastic and fashion. By joining the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s Network  CARBIOS will connect with other leaders within the Foundation’s leading circular economy network of businesses  policymakers  academia  innovators  and thought leaders worldwide.In March 2024  CARBIOS became a member of Paris Good Fashion  the association that unites over 100 French players in the sector - brands  designers and experts - around their commitment to sustainable fashion. CARBIOS is the first recycling technology supplier to join  demonstrating the importance given to recycling to achieve textile circularity. CARBIOS will be particularly involved in the association's project to set up a working group dedicated to the development of a ""fiber-to-fiber"" industry  one of Paris Good Fashion's top priorities over the next five years. While only 1% of textiles are currently recycled fiber-to-fiber (circular)  this working group will identify levers for significantly increasing the share of recycled fibers in the industry.Technology and IP updateIn February 2023  CARBIOS successfully validated the final key stage of the CE-PET research project supported by the French State as part of the Investments for the Future Program  now integrated into France 2030  and operated by ADEME  and for which CARBIOS was coordinator alongside its academic partner INRAE -TWB (Toulouse Biotechnology Institute). The CE-PET project  which lasted four years  confirmed CARBIOS ability to enzymatically recycle complex waste to produce bottles and fibers.In March 2023  biotechnology researchers from CARBIOS and its academic partner Toulouse Biotechnology Institute (TBI)  as well as two eminent professors in polymer science from the University of Bordeaux published in Chemical Reviews an article entitled “Enzymes’ power for plastics degradation”. The article is a comprehensive and critical review of research published to date on the enzymatic degradation of all types of plastics (PET  PLA  polyolefins  polyurethanes  polyamides) and includes almost 700 references.In April 2023  we announced the development of an ultra-high throughput microfluidic screening of PET-depolymerizing enzymes in partnership with the Paul Pascal Research Centre (a joint research unit of the CNRS and the University of Bordeaux  which specializes in microfluidics). This cutting-edge technology enables the screening of millions of enzymes in just one day  speeding up the process to optimize enzymes breaking down PET. This competitive advantage enables CARBIOS to reduce the time between the R&D phase and the production of its proprietary enzymes  and therefore to develop concrete solutions to plastic pollution even faster.Also  in October 2023  CARBIOS announced the publication in ACS Catalysis of an article entitled ""Assessment of Four Engineered PET Degrading Enzymes Considering Large-Scale Industrial Applications"". The article demonstrates that under industrial conditions CARBIOS' enzyme LCCICCG (published in Nature in 2020) outperforms all three competitors considered most promising in scientific literature: two variants of the IsPETase enzyme produced by Ideonella sakaiensis described by the University of Manchester and the University of Austin (Texas) and a variant of PES-H1 (also known as PHL7) described by the University of Greifswald.As of today  CARBIOS’ intellectual property portfolio covered 398 titles worldwide divided into 58 patent families for its innovation in enzymatic recycling of PET plastics and fibers  and its PLA biodegradation technology.CSR policyIn June 2023  we integrated our Purpose into the bylaws of the Company  as permitted by the PACTE Act of 2019  following the vote at the Annual General Meeting held on 22 June 2023  namely ""to generate a positive and significant social  societal and environmental impact in the conduct of its activities"". This Purpose underpins CARBIOS' business  which provides solutions to the environmental emergency of tackling plastic pollution.In December 2023  we published our second Sustainability Report. Like the first  this report is not subject to any publication obligation for the company but confirms CARBIOS' commitment and desire for transparency in terms of environmental  social and governance (ESG) initiatives. Going beyond the industrial development of its innovative technologies  the company shares its progress and ambitions for the future.In April 2024  CARBIOS announced the success of its first employee share scheme for all employees of the Group who are members of the savings plan in France. Launched on 12 February 2024  123 employees subscribed  representing 88.49% of the eligible workforce  thereby enabling employees to participate in the Group’s growth and performance. As a result  CARBIOS’ employee share ownership  within the meaning of the Article L. 225-102 of the French Commercial Code  now stands at around 0 08% of the share capital.Strengthening governanceChange in the Board of DirectorsIn February 2023  CARBIOS announced the cooptation  within its Board of Directors  of Karine Auclair  professor of Chemistry at McGill University  Mateus Schreiner Garcez Lopes  Global Director for Energy Transition and Investments at Raizen  Amandine De Souza  General Manager of leboncoin and Sandrine Conseiller  CEO of De Beers Brands and former CEO of Aigle  as independent members of CARBIOS’ Board of Directors.To date  the Company has seven independent Directors  i.e. 63.64% of the total number of Directors.Change in the Executive CommitteeIn October 2023  we strengthened our leadership team with the appointment of Bénédicte Garbil as Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs  Sustainability and Communication. As a member of the CARBIOS Executive Committee  Bénédicte Garbil oversees three strategic areas: Public Affairs  Corporate Affairs  and Sustainability. In her Corporate Affairs role  she supervises Communication  Regulatory  Project Management  and Innovation Funding functions. In her Sustainability role  she oversees CSR8  QHSE9  and LCA10 functions.AwardsIn May 2023  CARBIOS was selected to represent French innovation at the 6th “Choose France” Summit at the Château de Versailles. “Choose France” is an international business summit dedicated to the attractiveness of France launched at the initiative of the French President  Emmanuel Macron. On this occasion  CARBIOS announced that it had joined the Coq Vert community launched by Bpifrance in partnership with ADEME and the Ministry of Ecological Transition  to connect with other environmentally committed business leaders and advance its international deployment.In November 2023  together with our partner L'Oréal  the world’s leading beauty player  we won the ""Pioneer Awards"" in the Industry category  presented by the Solar Impulse Foundation at the first World Alliance Summit. This prestigious prize was awarded to CARBIOS for its enzymatic PET recycling solution  labeled ""Efficient Solution"" by the Solar Impulse Foundation since 2019  and to L'Oréal for using this breakthrough technology for the first time in a cosmetics bottle prototype. CARBIOS' solution offers brands an alternative to petro-sourced plastic that helps them meet their sustainability commitments.In March 2024  CARBIOS has been awarded the Small & Mid Cap 2023 Secondary Transaction award by Euronext. This award recognizes the success of CARBIOS’ €141 million rights issue  which was the largest transaction carried out on Euronext Growth since 2015.Outlook – confirmation of industrial and commercial objectivesGiven the significant progress made by the Group during 2023 and the success of the financing operation closed in July 2023 as well as the received grants  CARBIOS confirms its operating targets and the provisional calendar of the industrial and commercial deployment of its PET biorecycling technology11.2024 • Construction of the Longlaville plant further to permits obtained in October 20232024 • Recruitment of plant operations team and training at demonstration facility2026 • First significant deliveries to clientsAlongside this project  CARBIOS aims to sign its first licensing contracts for its PET biorecycling technology in 2024.###About CARBIOS:CARBIOS is a biotech company developing and industrializing biological solutions to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles. Inspired by nature  CARBIOS develops enzyme-based processes to break down plastic with a mission to avoid plastic and textile pollution  and accelerate the transition to a circular economy. Its two disruptive technologies for the biorecycling of PET and the biodegradation of PLA are reaching industrial and commercial scale. Its biorecycling demonstration plant has been operational since 2021 and a first industrial plant is currently under construction in partnership with Indorama Ventures. CARBIOS has received scientific recognition  notably with the cover of Nature  and is supported by prestigious brands in the cosmetics  Food & Beverage and apparel industries to enhance their products’ recyclability and circularity. Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe are members of a packaging consortium founded by CARBIOS and L’Oréal. On  Patagonia  PUMA  PVH Corp. and Salomon collaborate with CARBIOS in a textile consortium.Visit www.CARBIOS.com/en to find out more about biotechnology powering plastic and textile circularity.Twitter: CARBIOS / LinkedIn: CARBIOS / Instagram: insideCARBIOSInformation on CARBIOS shares:ISIN Code FR0011648716Ticker Code Euronext Growth: ALCRBLEI: 969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08CARBIOS  founded in 2011 by Truffle Capital  is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.Disclaimer on forward-looking statements and risk factors:This press release contains forward-looking statements  not historical data  and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by CARBIOS. CARBIOS operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. CARBIOS draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which CARBIOS operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition  even if CARBIOS’ financial position  results  cash flows and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of CARBIOS’ future results or developments. Readers are advised to carefully consider the risk factors described in the Universal registration document filed with the French Market Authority (“AMF”)  as well as in the half-year financial report available free of charge on the Company’s website. Should all or any part of these risk factors materialize or others  in no case whatsoever will CARBIOS be liable to anyone for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. CARBIOS makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.For additional information  please contact:CARBIOS Press Relations (France) Press Relations (U.S) Press Relations (DACH & UK) Melissa Flauraud Iconic Rooney Partners MC Services Press Relations Marie-Virginie Klein Kate L. Barrette Anne-Hennecke Melissa.flauraud@corbios.com mvk@iconic-conseil.com kbarrette@rooneyco.com carbios@mc-services.eu +33 (0)6 30 26 50 04 +33 (0)1 44 14 99 96 +1 212 223 0561 +49 (0)211 529 252 22Benjamin Audebert Investor Relations contact@carbios.com +33 (0)4 73 86 51 76This press release does not constitute and cannot be regarded as constituting an offer to the public  an offer to sell or a subscription offer or as a solicitation to solicit a buy or sell order in any country.Translation for information purposes only. In case of discrepancy between the French and the English version of this press release  the French version shall prevail.1 PET = polyethylene terephthalate2 Wholly-owned subsidiary of Carbios for its industrial operations in Longlaville3 The implementation of this funding is conditional to the European Commission's approval of the corresponding state aid scheme  followed by the conclusion of national aid agreements.4 Further information on the capital increase  successfully completed in July 2023  can be found in the prospectus approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on June 21  2023  under number 23-236  which is available free of charge from the CARBIOS (https://investir.CARBIOS.com) and the AMF (www.amf-france.org/fr) websites.5 Ellen MacArthur Foundation  20176 Fiber-to-fiber recycling transforms textile waste into new fibers for clothing and textiles  with no loss in quality7 Technological Information Summary8 CSR = Corporate Social Responsibility9 QHSE = Quality  Health  Security  Environment10 LCA = Life Cycle Analysis11 Estimated dates subject to the terms remaining to be defined for the collaboration between CARBIOS and Indorama VenturesAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.78,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['fiscal-year 2023 financial results', 'commercial roll-out', 'CARBIOS', '2024 calendar', 'industrial', 'first industrial PET biorecycling plant', 'first PET 1 biorecycling plant', 'integrated textile preparation line', 'International Accounting Standards Board', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'IFRS consolidated financial statements', 'preferential subscription rights', 'official groundbreaking ceremony', 'high quality information', 'other polymer families', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'solid financial structure', 'IFRS consolidated statements', 'international sales teams', 'IFRS financial statements', 'Current operating expenses', 'future world leader', 'Other operating income', 'first plant', 'international standards', 'IFRS 15 standards', 'international deployment', 'integrated subsidiaries', 'future plants', 'financial results', 'Financial Officer', '2023 Financial highlights', 'financial years', 'Longlaville plant', 'other income', 'marketing expenses', 'administrative expenses', 'cash position', 'delivery targets', 'ten countries', 'several partnerships', 'biological solutions', 'life cycle', 'Emmanuel Ladent', 'major scientific', 'operational achievements', 'exclusive alliance', 'enzyme supply', 'important milestone', 'partners’ contributions', 'r-PET market', 'Pascal Bricout', 'R&D', 'capital increase', 'gross amount', 'largest fundraising', 'French State', 'Grand-Est Region', 'conference call', 'European Union', 'similar companies', 'thousand euros', 'equity affiliates', 'feasibility studies', 'performance obligation', 'raw materials', 'Financial income', 'Development expenses', '2 Operating income', 'development costs', '70 Net Research', 'research services', 'fiscal year', 'biotech company', 'many customers', 'commercial deployment', 'parent company', 'Net income', 'Construction progress', 'Income tax', 'CARBIOS Group', 'December', 'France', 'Licensing', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'April', '45 a', 'CEST', 'ALCRB', 'plastic', 'textiles', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'CEO', 'start', 'production', 'products', 'Novonesis', 'license', 'addition', 'polyester', 'implementation', 'automated', 'commitment', 'employees', 'Chief', 'Strategy', 'technologies', 'polyamides', 'polyolefins', 'funding', 'majority', 'place', 'resources', 'activities', 'webcast', 'Finance', 'Access', 'media', 'mmc', 'cyrcdmu8', 'UK', 'accordance', 'IASB', 'Carbiolice', '12 months', 'Subsidies', 'Capitalisation', 'General', 'Share', 'profit', 'loss', 'period', 'tests', 'deliveries', 'samples', 'regards', 'presentation', 'destination', '11:00']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39175,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-and-its-restructuring-practitioner-Me-Yves-Brulard-submit-a-global-restructuring-plan-cov-46413795/,BioSenic and its restructuring practitioner (Me Yves Brulard) submit a global restructuring plan covering the years 2024-2030 to the Enterprise Court of Nivelles,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE - PRIVILEGED INFORMATION A final circular of the creditors on the basis of XX 83/23 of the Economic Law Code will take place before the Court grants authorisation  in accordance with article XX 83/26 of the ELC  to submit th…,"PRESS RELEASE - PRIVILEGED INFORMATIONA final circular of the creditors on the basis of XX 83/23 of the Economic Law Code (ELC) will take place before the Court grants authorisation  in accordance with article XX 83/26 of the ELC  to submit the plan to the vote of each class of creditors and to homologation. The creditors will be aware of the plan  which by law contains information that could be privileged.Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  11 April 2024  14:00 CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical-stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell therapy announces that it has finalised a draft plan with the request referred to in Article XX 83/26 ELC with the Enterprise Court of Nivelles. Creditors will be notified to register their claims in RegSol. They will be able to consult this plan in order to then vote on the proposals made.The proposed plan provides for differentiated treatment of creditors by class:The plan does not affect the recent financing provided through the convertible bond facilities.Some obligators have been offered to replace their outstanding loans granted to BioSenic for a total principal amount of EUR 7.5 million with new convertible bonds to be issued by BioSenic. The convertible bonds would be unsecured and would have a maturity date of 31 December 2030  which could be further extended by BioSenic for up to 24 months depending on its cash balance. An interest rate of 5% per year  payable annually  with an additional non-compounding interest of 3% per year that would be added to the principal amount upon conversion or repayment of a convertible bond. Under this proposal  which has already been agreed in principle  200 000 outstanding warrants would be cancelled. The plan  if approved  would remove the conditions precedent previously agreed.The plan provides that an outstanding EUR 8 million principal loan would be replaced by new convertible bonds to be issued by BioSenic. The convertible bonds would be unsecured and would have a maturity date of 31 December 2030  which could be further extended by BioSenic for up to 24 months depending on its cash balance. An interest rate of 5% per year  payable annually  with an additional non-compounding interest of 3% per year that will be added to the principal amount upon conversion or repayment of a convertible bond. If the plan is approved  800 000 outstanding warrants would also be cancelled.With regard to the ordinary creditors  the plan provides for a payment by BioSenic of 5% of the claim on the last day of the 5 th year of the plan.year of the plan. With respect to the lessor  the plan provides for the extraordinary part 100% immediately and the balance in ordinary.Regarding the strategic creditors  the plan provides for 90% over 5 years depending on cash inflows and no later than the last day of the 5 th year of the plan.year of the plan. For the accessories employee  the plan provides for 99% immediately.The plan provides  for the very useful creditors  for 50% within 2 years.Regarding the InterCos debts  the plan provides for 5% immediately.Finally  with regard to the shareholders  the plan provides for the allocation of subscription rights  the terms of which will be determined at a later date by BioSenic.The plan includes a participation clause at the reorganisation value  due on the last day of the 5th year following the homologation of the plan on the basis of the average share price over the preceding 90 days. This participation amount – to be deducted from the company's own financing capacity for projects in the 5th year  with trials to be started or even maintained on new indications – will be due on the last day of the 5th year following the homologation of the plan  and will be assessed on the basis of the average share price over the preceding 90 days: the average share price will have to reach the level observed for the shares of BioSenic in 2017 while a Phase III was ongoing (JTA004). At that time  the share price stood at EUR 10. If this level is reached  the participation of every creditor will be increased by 10% of the debt written off. The increase/participation could reach 20 % of the debt written off if the price reaches EUR 18  30% if the price reaches EUR 25 and 50% if the price reaches EUR 50  which is highly unlikely for a biotech with no turnover  as indicated in a 2022 MIT study (Singh et al 2022  PloS-ONE  open access article  ""The reaction of sponsor stock prices to clinical trial outcomes: An event study analysis"").The plan is based on the non-binding offer of funding from a fund  in particular  to finance a Phase 3 clinical trial on Graft versus Host disease (as announced by BioSenic  via press release  on 8 December 2023). BioSenic will announce  by way of a new press release  the results of the votes of the creditors and after the terms and conditions that will be decided by the Court  as well as the Court's decisions as soon as they are known. This judgement would significantly reduce the debt.François Rieger  PhD  President of the Board and CEO of the BioSenic Group  said: ""An effort to reorganise the assets of BioSenic has now been accompanied by a proposed adjustment to the company's liabilities. This should enable our biotech to regain momentum by focusing its efforts on its most promising projects  in particular a Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of chronic Graft versus Host disease. These projects  now at the clinical trial stage  will generate value for all those who have invested financially in the adventure that is now taking shape. We expect decisive results for patients suffering from chronic diseases of the immune system  for which there is currently no medical need."".About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from its Medsenic’s arsenic trioxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the autoimmune platform include graft-versus-host-disease (GvHD)  systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  and now systemic sclerosis (SSc).Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combined the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger specifically enables Medsenic/Biosenic to develop an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/oral ATO (OATO).BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About the main Medsenic/BioSenic technology platformThe ATO platform provides derived active products with immunomodulatory properties and fundamental effects on the activated cells of the immune system. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. cGvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT).Medsenic has been successful in a phase 2 trial with its intravenous formulation  Arscimed®  which has orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA. The company is heading towards an international phase 3 confirmatory study  with its new  IP-protected  OATO formulation. Another selected target is moderate-to-severe forms of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae  and the gastrointestinal tract). Systemic sclerosis is now full part of the clinical pipeline of Medsenic/BioSenic. This serious chronic disease badly affects skin  lungs  or vascularization  and has no current effective treatment. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive  giving good grounds to launch a phase 2 clinical protocol  using new immunomodulatory formulations of APIs recognized to be active on the immune system.The company is currently focusing its present R&D and clinical activities on a selective  accelerated development of its autoimmune platform.Note: The allogeneic cell therapy platform-originating from the previous listed company Bone Therapeutics company  may be of renewed interest by using isolated and purified differentiated bone marrow Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) as a starting material for further isolation of passive or active biological subcellular elements. Indeed  these cells may provide new subcellular vesicles potentially able to deliver a unique and proprietary approach to organ repair. BioSenic is now involved in determining new patentable approaches in this complex area of cell therapy.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  CEOTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsMichelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685michelle@ibcomms.agencyFrench Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ghislaine.gasparetto@seitosei-actifin.comMichael Scholzemichael.scholze@seitosei-actifin.comCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the company or  as appropriate  the company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.27,0.44,True,English,"['Me Yves Brulard', 'global restructuring plan', 'restructuring practitioner', 'Enterprise Court', 'BioSenic', 'years', 'Nivelles', 'outstanding EUR 8 million principal loan', 'up to 24 months', 'sponsor stock prices', 'clinical trial outcomes', 'François Rieger', 'additional non-compounding interest', 'event study analysis', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'open access article', 'Economic Law Code', 'total principal amount', 'convertible bond facilities', 'average share price', 'new convertible bonds', 'new press release', 'outstanding loans', '200,000 outstanding warrants', '800,000 outstanding warrants', 'new indications', 'interest rate', 'Phase III', '2022 MIT study', 'final circular', 'article XX', 'Euronext Brussels', 'serious autoimmune', 'inflammatory diseases', 'cell therapy', 'differentiated treatment', 'maturity date', 'last day', 'extraordinary part', 'cash inflows', 'accessories employee', 'InterCos debts', 'subscription rights', 'later date', 'reorganisation value', 'preceding 90 days', 'non-binding offer', 'Host disease', 'cash balance', 'PRIVILEGED INFORMATION', 'clinical-stage company', 'recent financing', 'conditions precedent', '5 th year', '5th year', 'ordinary creditors', 'strategic creditors', 'useful creditors', 'Enterprise Court', 'participation clause', 'draft plan', 'basis', 'ELC', 'place', 'authorisation', 'accordance', 'vote', 'class', 'homologation', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', '11 April', '14:00 CET', 'BioSenic', 'Paris', 'request', 'Nivelles', 'claims', 'RegSol.', 'order', 'proposals', 'obligators', '31 December', 'conversion', 'repayment', 'principle', 'regard', 'respect', 'lessor', '5 years', '2 years', 'shareholders', 'allocation', 'terms', 'capacity', 'projects', 'trials', 'level', 'shares', 'time', 'biotech', 'turnover', 'Singh', 'PloS-ONE', 'reaction', 'funding', 'Graft', '8 December', 'way', 'results', 'decisions', 'judgement', 'PhD', 'President']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39176,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Publicis-Groupe-First-Quarter-2024-Revenue-46410077/,Publicis Groupe : First Quarter 2024 Revenue,(marketscreener.com) First Quarter 2024 Revenue Very strong start to the year Sustaining momentum Gaining market share  April 11  2024  Sustained momentum: Q1 2024 organic growth at +5.3%  above expectationsSolid performance across all regions: –   Continued.…,First Quarter 2024 RevenueVery strong start to the yearSustaining momentumGaining market shareApril 11  2024Sustained momentum: Q1 2024 organic growth at +5.3%  above expectationsSolid performance across all regions:– Continued strong growth in the U.S. at +5% driven by data and media– Europe at +6% on top of a strong comparable in Q1 2023– China accelerating at +7%8 th consecutive quarter delivering highest growth in the sector 1   leading to market share gainsConfirming 2024 guidance  continuing to grow twice as fast as the industry average1Q1 2024Revenue €3 711m Net revenue €3 230m Organic growth +5.3% Reported growth +4.9%1 Based on consensus.Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“Publicis had a very strong start to 2024  sustaining growth momentum despite ongoing macroeconomic tensions.We accelerated on our organic growth this quarter  delivering +5.3%  ahead of expectations.There were three clear drivers of this performance.First  our ability to capture a disproportionate part of the increasing demand for data-led marketing transformation  boosted by AI  in a soon-to-be-cookieless world. This translated into the double-digit growth of our combined Epsilon and Publicis Media offer.Second  continued new business tailwinds  coming after we topped the league tables once again  and as we have for the past five years.Last but not least  the impact of a clear rebound in the tech sector  where we saw double-digit growth this quarter.Looking at the rest of our business  Publicis Sapient recorded sequential improvement  with positive growth in the U.S. despite continued client cautiousness affecting the entire IT consultancy sector.Creative further showed its resilience  posting single-digit growth driven by new business and production.All of our regions performed well  with the notable acceleration of Asia fueled by strong growth in China.After extracting ourselves from the pack in 2023  we clearly carried that momentum into Q1. We expect this to be our 8th consecutive quarter of delivering the highest growth in the industry  leading to material market share gains.Now  looking at the rest of the year  we are focused on maintaining this dynamic.In what is a still-challenging environment  our leadership in personalization at scale  our new business wins and our platform organization  make us confident in confirming our 2024 guidance.We once again expect to grow twice as fast as the industry average  while delivering the best financial KPIs.I would like to take this opportunity to thank our clients for their trust and our people for their outstanding efforts.”* **NET REVENUE IN Q1 2024Publicis Groupe’s net revenue in Q1 2024 was 3 230 million euros  up +4.9% from 3 079 million euros in 2023. Exchange rates had a negative impact of 29 million euros. Acquisitions  net of disposals  accounted for an increase in net revenue of 18 million euros. Organic growth reached +5.3%.Breakdown of Q1 2024 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Growth Growth North America 2 008 1 938 +3.6% +4.8% Europe 793 743 +6.7% +6.1% Asia Pacific 266 250 +6.4% +6.2% Middle East & Africa 90 88 +2.3% +4.0% Latin America 73 60 +21.7% +7.8% Total 3 230 3 079 +4.9% +5.3%North America net revenue was up +3.6% on a reported basis in Q1 2024  including a negative impact of the U.S. dollar to Euro exchange rate. Organic growth was at +4.8%. In the U.S.  organic growth came at +5.0%  with Media and Epsilon accretive this quarter  confirming the strength of our integrated offer in this geography where our model is the most advanced. Media posted a double-digit increase  and Epsilon’s high-single-digit growth was fueled by Digital Media and Data activities. Publicis Sapient grew +2.2% organically after +8% in Q1 last year  sequentially improving from Q4 2023. Creative activities were broadly stable.Net revenue in Europe was up by +6.7% on a reported basis and +6.1% organically. Organic growth in the U.K. was slightly positive  with double-digit growth in Media and Creative offsetting a negative Publicis Sapient which was up against a high comparable of very strong growth in Q1 2023. Organic growth in France was +9.4% and largely driven by high-single digit growth in Media and double-digit growth at Publicis Sapient again this quarter. Germany posted +4.9% organic growth led by double-digit growth in Media. Central & Eastern Europe was very strong  at +21.2% organically  benefitting from global wins ramping up in Media and Production.Net revenue in Asia Pacific recorded +6.4% growth on a reported basis and +6.2% on an organic basis. China posted a strong performance at +6.7% organically due to new business wins in Media. South-East Asia posted a double-digit performance fueled by Malaysia  Indonesia  as well as Thailand. Australia posted broadly stable organic growth on the quarter.In Middle East & Africa  net revenue was up +2.3% on a reported basis and +4.0% organically. Organic growth was largely driven by Creative activities  primarily in the UAE.Net revenue in Latin America was up +21.7% on a reported basis  and +7.8% organically  with growth driven by both Media and Creative  notably in Brazil  Mexico and Chile.Breakdown of net revenue at March 31  2024 by sectorOn the basis of 3 033 clients representing 92% of Groupe net revenue.NET DEBT AND LIQUIDITYNet debt totaled 445 million euros at the end of March 2024 compared with a net cash position of 909 million euros at year-end 2023  reflecting the seasonality in the activity. Net debt was 442 million euros at the end of March 2023. The Groupe’s last twelve-month average net debt amounted to 383 million euros at the end of March 2024  down from 563 million euros in March 2023.The Groupe’s liquidity position remains very solid at 4.9 billion euros.ACQUISITIONSOn January 18  2024  Publicis Groupe Singapore announced the acquisition of AKA Asia  one of Singapore's leading integrated communications agencies. Founded in 2009  AKA is a highly respected player in the South-East Asian market  known for delivering award-winning and innovative communication campaigns. The acquisition will expand and diversify Publicis Groupe's capabilities in the region  while bolstering the Groupe's strategic communications  PR and influence offering. AKA will join the Groupe's regional Influence practice.On March 12  2024  Publicis Sapient announced the acquisition of Spinnaker SCA  a leading supply chain services firm that provides end-to-end supply chain strategy  planning and execution consulting services. Founded in 2002 and based in Boulder in the U.S.  Spinnaker SCA will become part of Publicis Sapient and bring core capabilities and skill sets including advanced AI and ML analytics  supply chain digital twins  warehouse and transportation management and expanded digital services. Spinnaker SCA will further enable Publicis Sapient to offer solutions for clients to optimize their agile supply chains as part of their digital business transformation.GROUPE AI STRATEGYOn January 25  2024  the Groupe introduced CoreAI to infuse a layer of AI across the Groupe’s platform organization to connect its enterprise knowledge under a single entity. In doing so  the Groupe announced its ambition to become the industry’s first AI-powered Intelligent System.Sitting at the center of the Groupe  CoreAI unifies and standardizes Publicis’ best-in-class proprietary data and combines this with 35 years of business transformation data and coding owned exclusively by Publicis Sapient. CoreAI makes these assets shareable and accessible to everyone across the Groupe  empowering them across five key disciplines: Insight  Media  Creative and Production  Software and Operations.Publicis plans to invest 300 million euros in this strategy over the next three years. In 2024  the Groupe anticipates an investment of 100 million euros with 50% dedicated to its people  focused on upskilling  training and recruitment  and 50% to technology  through licenses  IT software and cloud infrastructure. This investment will be fully accounted for in the P&L. It will have no dilutive impact on the Groupe’s operating margin in 2024 as it will be funded by internal efficiencies. It will be slightly accretive on the operating margin in 2025.The roll out of CoreAI’s capabilities will continue iteratively throughout the year.OUTLOOKDespite ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties  and thanks to the strength of its unique model  Publicis is confident in its ability to deliver on all of the 2024 targets set at its full year 2023 earnings  with organic growth between +4% to +5%.As detailed in February  the +4% is rock solid and factors in continued delays in business transformation projects  more reductions in advertising spend and a cautious stance on year-end budget adjustments. The higher end of the guidance at +5% is within reach assuming a faster ramp-up of clients resuming spend on digital business transformation projects and fewer cuts in classic advertising.In Q2 2024  the Groupe expects solid organic growth within the full year range.The Groupe also confirms its 2024 guidance on financial ratios  which will be maintained at the industry-leading levels  of 18% operating margin rate  including the Groupe’s Opex investment of 100 million euros in its AI plan  and between 1.8 and 1.9 billion euros free cash flow before change in working capital.DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com)  including an unfavorable economic climate  a highly competitive industry  risks associated with the confidentiality of personal data  the Groupe’s business dependence on its management and employees  risks associated with mergers and acquisitions  risks of IT system failures and cybercrime  the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us on short notice  risks associated with the reorganization of the Groupe  risks of litigation  governmental  legal and arbitration proceedings  risks associated with the Groupe’s financial rating and exposure to liquidity risks.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter:@PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!ContactsPublicis GroupeAmy Hadfield Corporate Communications + 33 1 44 43 70 75 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.com Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 88 jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.com Lorène Fleury Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 57 24 lorene.fleury@publicisgroupe.com Maxine Miller Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 21 maxine.miller@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Impact of currencyat end March 2024(million euro) 2023 net revenue 3 079 GBP (2) 9 Currency impact (2) (29) USD (2) (22) 2023 net revenue at 2024 exchange rates (a) 3 050 Others (16) 2024 net revenue before acquisition impact (b) 3 212 Total (29) Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 18 2024 net revenue 3 230 Organic growth (b/a) +5.3%(1) Acquisitions (Practia  Corra  AKA  ARBH)  net of disposals(2) EUR = USD 1.086 on average in Q1 2024 vs. USD 1.073 on average in Q1 2023EUR = GBP 0.856 on average in Q1 2024 vs. GBP 0.883 on average in Q1 2023DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents  excluding lease liability since 1st January 2018.Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month.Find the press release here,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.65,0.25,0.1,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Revenue', 'Publicis Groupe', 'entire IT consultancy sector', 'material market share gains', 'North America net revenue', 'ongoing macroeconomic tensions', 'data-led marketing transformation', 'past five years', 'best financial KPIs', '8 th consecutive quarter', 'three clear drivers', '8th consecutive quarter', 'Euro exchange rate', 'new business tailwinds', 'high-single digit growth', 'First Quarter 2024 Revenue', 'new business wins', 'EUR Net revenue', 'U.S. dollar', 'stable organic growth', 'negative Publicis Sapient', 'industry average1 Q1', 'Q1 2024 Net revenue', 'Publicis Media offer', 'Q1 2024 organic growth', 'Latin America', 'global wins', 'clear rebound', 'Exchange rates', 'integrated offer', 'tech sector', 'U.K.', '+4.9% organic growth', 'Publicis Groupe', '2023 Growth Growth', 'strong growth', 'highest growth', 'double-digit growth', 'positive growth', 'single-digit growth', 'strong start', 'strong comparable', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'disproportionate part', 'increasing demand', 'league tables', 'sequential improvement', 'client cautiousness', 'notable acceleration', 'challenging environment', 'outstanding efforts', 'negative impact', 'Middle East', 'high comparable', 'Solid performance', '3,079 million euros', '29 million euros', '18 million euros', 'Asia Pacific', 'strong performance', 'South-East Asia', 'double-digit performance', 'growth momentum', 'Sustained momentum', 'double-digit increase', 'Data activities', 'Creative activities', 'organic basis', 'Digital Media', 'Eastern Europe', '+6.4% growth', '230 million', 'Q1.', 'April', 'expectations', 'regions', 'top', 'China', '2024 guidance', 'consensus', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'ability', 'world', 'combined', 'Epsilon', 'rest', 'resilience', 'production', 'pack', 'dynamic', 'leadership', 'personalization', 'scale', 'platform', 'organization', 'opportunity', 'clients', 'trust', 'people', 'Acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Breakdown', 'Africa', 'strength', 'geography', 'model', 'Q4', 'France', 'Germany', 'Central', 'Malaysia', 'Indonesia', 'Thailand', 'Australia']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39177,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Publicis-Groupe-First-Quarter-2024-Revenue-46410066/,Publicis Groupe: First Quarter 2024 Revenue,(marketscreener.com) Very strong start to the yearSustaining momentumGaining market sharehttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Publicis-Groupe-First-Quarter-2024-Revenue-46410066/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240411,Very strong start to the year Sustaining momentum Gaining market shareRegulatory News:Publicis Groupe (Paris:PUB):Sustained momentum: Q1 2024 organic growth at +5.3%  above expectationsSolid performance across all regions: Continued strong growth in the U.S. at +5% driven by data and media Europe at +6% on top of a strong comparable in Q1 2023 China accelerating at +7%8 th consecutive quarter delivering highest growth in the sector 1   leading to market share gainsConfirming 2024 guidance  continuing to grow twice as fast as the industry average1Q1 2024Revenue €3 711m Net revenue €3 230m Organic growth +5.3% Reported growth +4.9%_______________________________1 Based on consensus.Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“Publicis had a very strong start to 2024  sustaining growth momentum despite ongoing macroeconomic tensions.We accelerated on our organic growth this quarter  delivering +5.3%  ahead of expectations.There were three clear drivers of this performance.First  our ability to capture a disproportionate part of the increasing demand for data-led marketing transformation  boosted by AI  in a soon-to-be-cookieless world. This translated into the double-digit growth of our combined Epsilon and Publicis Media offer.Second  continued new business tailwinds  coming after we topped the league tables once again  and as we have for the past five years.Last but not least  the impact of a clear rebound in the tech sector  where we saw double-digit growth this quarter.Looking at the rest of our business  Publicis Sapient recorded sequential improvement  with positive growth in the U.S. despite continued client cautiousness affecting the entire IT consultancy sector.Creative further showed its resilience  posting single-digit growth driven by new business and production.All of our regions performed well  with the notable acceleration of Asia fueled by strong growth in China.After extracting ourselves from the pack in 2023  we clearly carried that momentum into Q1. We expect this to be our 8th consecutive quarter of delivering the highest growth in the industry  leading to material market share gains.Now  looking at the rest of the year  we are focused on maintaining this dynamic.In what is a still-challenging environment  our leadership in personalization at scale  our new business wins and our platform organization  make us confident in confirming our 2024 guidance.We once again expect to grow twice as fast as the industry average  while delivering the best financial KPIs.I would like to take this opportunity to thank our clients for their trust and our people for their outstanding efforts.”NET REVENUE IN Q1 2024Publicis Groupe’s net revenue in Q1 2024 was 3 230 million euros  up +4.9% from 3 079 million euros in 2023. Exchange rates had a negative impact of 29 million euros. Acquisitions  net of disposals  accounted for an increase in net revenue of 18 million euros. Organic growth reached +5.3%.Breakdown of Q1 2024 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Growth Growth North America 2 008 1 938 +3.6% +4.8% Europe 793 743 +6.7% +6.1% Asia Pacific 266 250 +6.4% +6.2% Middle East & Africa 90 88 +2.3% +4.0% Latin America 73 60 +21.7% +7.8% Total 3 230 3 079 +4.9% +5.3%North America net revenue was up +3.6% on a reported basis in Q1 2024  including a negative impact of the U.S. dollar to Euro exchange rate. Organic growth was at +4.8%. In the U.S.  organic growth came at +5.0%  with Media and Epsilon accretive this quarter  confirming the strength of our integrated offer in this geography where our model is the most advanced. Media posted a double-digit increase  and Epsilon’s high-single-digit growth was fueled by Digital Media and Data activities. Publicis Sapient grew +2.2% organically after +8% in Q1 last year  sequentially improving from Q4 2023. Creative activities were broadly stable.Net revenue in Europe was up by +6.7% on a reported basis and +6.1% organically. Organic growth in the U.K. was slightly positive  with double-digit growth in Media and Creative offsetting a negative Publicis Sapient which was up against a high comparable of very strong growth in Q1 2023. Organic growth in France was +9.4% and largely driven by high-single digit growth in Media and double-digit growth at Publicis Sapient again this quarter. Germany posted +4.9% organic growth led by double-digit growth in Media. Central & Eastern Europe was very strong  at +21.2% organically  benefitting from global wins ramping up in Media and Production.Net revenue in Asia Pacific recorded +6.4% growth on a reported basis and +6.2% on an organic basis. China posted a strong performance at +6.7% organically due to new business wins in Media. South-East Asia posted a double-digit performance fueled by Malaysia  Indonesia  as well as Thailand. Australia posted broadly stable organic growth on the quarter.In Middle East & Africa  net revenue was up +2.3% on a reported basis and +4.0% organically. Organic growth was largely driven by Creative activities  primarily in the UAE.Net revenue in Latin America was up +21.7% on a reported basis  and +7.8% organically  with growth driven by both Media and Creative  notably in Brazil  Mexico and Chile.Breakdown of net revenue at March 31  2024 by sectorAutomotive 16% Healthcare 16% Financial 13% Food and beverage 13% TMT 12% Non Food consumer products 10% Retail 9% Public sectors & Others 4% Leisure & travel 4% Energy & Manufacturing 3% On the basis of 3 033 clients representing 92% of Groupe net revenueNET DEBT AND LIQUIDITYNet debt totaled 445 million euros at the end of March 2024 compared with a net cash position of 909 million euros at year-end 2023  reflecting the seasonality in the activity. Net debt was 442 million euros at the end of March 2023. The Groupe’s last twelve-month average net debt amounted to 383 million euros at the end of March 2024  down from 563 million euros in March 2023.The Groupe’s liquidity position remains very solid at 4.9 billion euros.ACQUISITIONSOn January 18  2024  Publicis Groupe Singapore announced the acquisition of AKA Asia  one of Singapore's leading integrated communications agencies. Founded in 2009  AKA is a highly respected player in the South-East Asian market  known for delivering award-winning and innovative communication campaigns. The acquisition will expand and diversify Publicis Groupe's capabilities in the region  while bolstering the Groupe's strategic communications  PR and influence offering. AKA will join the Groupe's regional Influence practice.On March 12  2024  Publicis Sapient announced the acquisition of Spinnaker SCA  a leading supply chain services firm that provides end-to-end supply chain strategy  planning and execution consulting services. Founded in 2002 and based in Boulder in the U.S.  Spinnaker SCA will become part of Publicis Sapient and bring core capabilities and skill sets including advanced AI and ML analytics  supply chain digital twins  warehouse and transportation management and expanded digital services. Spinnaker SCA will further enable Publicis Sapient to offer solutions for clients to optimize their agile supply chains as part of their digital business transformation.GROUPE AI STRATEGYOn January 25  2024  the Groupe introduced CoreAI to infuse a layer of AI across the Groupe’s platform organization to connect its enterprise knowledge under a single entity. In doing so  the Groupe announced its ambition to become the industry’s first AI-powered Intelligent System.Sitting at the center of the Groupe  CoreAI unifies and standardizes Publicis’ best-in-class proprietary data and combines this with 35 years of business transformation data and coding owned exclusively by Publicis Sapient. CoreAI makes these assets shareable and accessible to everyone across the Groupe  empowering them across five key disciplines: Insight  Media  Creative and Production  Software and Operations.Publicis plans to invest 300 million euros in this strategy over the next three years. In 2024  the Groupe anticipates an investment of 100 million euros with 50% dedicated to its people  focused on upskilling  training and recruitment  and 50% to technology  through licenses  IT software and cloud infrastructure. This investment will be fully accounted for in the P&L. It will have no dilutive impact on the Groupe’s operating margin in 2024 as it will be funded by internal efficiencies. It will be slightly accretive on the operating margin in 2025.The roll out of CoreAI’s capabilities will continue iteratively throughout the year.OUTLOOKDespite ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties  and thanks to the strength of its unique model  Publicis is confident in its ability to deliver on all of the 2024 targets set at its full year 2023 earnings  with organic growth between +4% to +5%.As detailed in February  the +4% is rock solid and factors in continued delays in business transformation projects  more reductions in advertising spend and a cautious stance on year-end budget adjustments. The higher end of the guidance at +5% is within reach assuming a faster ramp-up of clients resuming spend on digital business transformation projects and fewer cuts in classic advertising.In Q2 2024  the Groupe expects solid organic growth within the full year range.The Groupe also confirms its 2024 guidance on financial ratios  which will be maintained at the industry-leading levels  of 18% operating margin rate  including the Groupe’s Opex investment of 100 million euros in its AI plan  and between 1.8 and 1.9 billion euros free cash flow before change in working capital.DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com)  including an unfavorable economic climate  a highly competitive industry  risks associated with the confidentiality of personal data  the Groupe’s business dependence on its management and employees  risks associated with mergers and acquisitions  risks of IT system failures and cybercrime  the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us on short notice  risks associated with the reorganization of the Groupe  risks of litigation  governmental  legal and arbitration proceedings  risks associated with the Groupe’s financial rating and exposure to liquidity risks.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!AppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Impact of currencyat end March 2024(million euro) 2023 net revenue 3 079 GBP (2) 9 Currency impact (2) (29) USD (2) (22) 2023 net revenue at 2024 exchange rates (a) 3 050 Others (16) 2024 net revenue before acquisition impact (b) 3 212 Total (29) Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 18 2024 net revenue 3 230 Organic growth (b/a) +5.3%(1) Acquisitions (Practia  Corra  AKA  ARBH)  net of disposals (2) EUR = USD 1.086 on average in Q1 2024 vs. USD 1.073 on average in Q1 2023 EUR = GBP 0.856 on average in Q1 2024 vs. GBP 0.883 on average in Q1 2023DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents  excluding lease liability since 1st January 2018.Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240410928831/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.65,0.24,0.11,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Revenue', 'Publicis Groupe', 'entire IT consultancy sector', 'material market share gains', 'North America net revenue', 'ongoing macroeconomic tensions', 'data-led marketing transformation', 'past five years', 'best financial KPIs', 'three clear drivers', 'Euro exchange rate', '8 th consecutive quarter', '8th consecutive quarter', 'new business tailwinds', 'high-single digit growth', 'new business wins', 'EUR Net revenue', 'U.S. dollar', 'stable organic growth', 'negative Publicis Sapient', 'industry average1 Q1', 'Q1 2024 Net revenue', 'Publicis Media offer', 'Q1 2024 organic growth', 'Latin America', 'global wins', 'clear rebound', 'Exchange rates', 'integrated offer', 'tech sector', 'U.K.', '+4.9% organic growth', 'Publicis Groupe', '2023 Growth Growth', 'strong growth', 'highest growth', 'double-digit growth', 'positive growth', 'single-digit growth', 'strong start', 'Regulatory News', 'strong comparable', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'disproportionate part', 'increasing demand', 'league tables', 'sequential improvement', 'client cautiousness', 'notable acceleration', 'challenging environment', 'outstanding efforts', 'negative impact', 'Middle East', 'high comparable', 'growth momentum', 'momentum Gaining', 'Sustained momentum', 'Solid performance', '3,230 million euros', '3,079 million euros', '29 million euros', 'Asia Pacific', 'strong performance', 'South-East Asia', 'double-digit performance', 'double-digit increase', 'Data activities', 'Creative activities', 'Eastern Europe', 'Digital Media', 'organic basis', 'media Europe', '+6.4% growth', '18 million', 'Q1.', 'Paris', 'expectations', 'regions', 'top', 'China', '2024 guidance', 'consensus', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'ability', 'world', 'combined', 'Epsilon', 'rest', 'resilience', 'production', 'pack', 'dynamic', 'leadership', 'personalization', 'scale', 'platform', 'organization', 'opportunity', 'clients', 'trust', 'people', 'Acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Breakdown', 'Africa', 'strength', 'geography', 'model', 'Q4', 'France', 'Germany', 'Central', 'Malaysia', 'Indonesia', 'Thailand', 'Australia']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39178,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MON-COURTIER-ENERGIE-GROU-154507879/news/Mon-Courtier-Energie-Groupe-Announces-Its-Full-Year-2023-Results-and-Confirms-Its-2025-Targets-46409946/,Mon Courtier Energie Groupe Announces Its Full-Year 2023 Results and Confirms Its 2025 Targets,(marketscreener.com) Revenue up 10% at €21mSales momentum in line with the roadmap presented at the time of the IPO in May 2023:Acquisition of 10 000 new customers Deployment of the “Energy Transition” activityRamp-up of activity in Spain…,"Revenue up 10% at €21m Sales momentum in line with the roadmap presented at the time of the IPO in May 2023: Acquisition of 10 000 new customers (+42% vs. 2022) Deployment of the “Energy Transition” activity Ramp-up of activity in Spain Historically profitable business  with operating income of €1.5m in 2023 Proposal to pay a dividend balance of €0.33 per share bringing the 2023 dividend to €0.46 per share Cash position of €8.3m at December 31  2023 Targets for 2025 reiterated: Revenue in excess of €40m Operating income of around €5m A network of more than 40 branchesRegulatory News:Mon Courtier Energie Groupe (ISIN code: FR001400H3A0 - Ticker: ALMCE)  a B2B energy brokerage company  today announced its results for the full year 2023  ended December 31  2023  as approved by the board of Directors on April 10  20241.Guillaume Rouaud  CEO of Mon Courtier Energie Groupe  declares: “2023 was a structuring year for the Group in several respects. Firstly  the success of our IPO  in addition to strengthening our financial base  has enabled us to increase our visibility and reputation as the leading B2B energy broker in France. We have continued to invest in expanding our branch network  in designing new offerings for the energy transition  and also in solidifying our foothold in Spain  our leading international market. These efforts are bearing fruit  as demonstrated by the acquisition of 10 000 new customers over the past 12 months. Our revenue thus reached 21 million euros  up +10% after an already particularly dynamic 2022  given the strong demand observed in the energy market over this period. This sustained growth is always accompanied by solid profitability  enabling us  in our first year of listing  to propose the distribution of a dividend balance of €0.33 per share  bringing the total dividend for 2023 to €0.46 per share. In 2024  we will continue our profitable growth trajectory and  thanks to our network of brokers spread over more than 30 branches and a constantly expanding customer base of 34 000  we have the unique levers to continue delivering the performance presented at the time of the IPO. Indeed  the robustness of our ""brand licensee"" model and the structural growth prospects of the energy brokerage market enable us to confidently reiterate our financial targets for 2025: revenue in excess of 40 million euros  operating income of around 5 million euros and a network of over 40 branches. These are some of the assets that will maintain Mon Courtier Energie Groupe as a leader in its market.”____________________________1 The audit procedures on the annual financial statements have been carried out and the certification audit report is currently being prepared. The 2023 annual financial report will be published within the legal deadlines.Simplified income statementin € thousands 2023 2022 Revenue 21 042 19 171 Other operating income 310 249 Purchases (15 632) (14 124) Personnel expenses (3 661) (2 617) Other operating expenses (85) 0 Taxes (98) (73) Net changes in depreciation  amortization  and impairment (415) (216) Total operating expenses (19 891) (17 030) Operating profit 1 461 2 390 Financial income 69 (24) Recurring income of consolidated companies 1 530 2 365 Extraordinary income (35) (5) Income tax (332) (542) Minority interests 23 - Net profit (Group share) 1 186 1 818Revenue for the year 2023 were up 10% to reach €21m  including:96% realized thanks to excellent sales momentum in France in 2023;3% from the Energy Transition business;1% from international activities  with the first sales in Spain.Operating expenses for the year 2023 rose by 16% to €19.9m  reflecting significant investment in developing the sales network to continue sustaining growth  and break down mainly as follows:€15.6m in purchases consumed  corresponding notably to commissions paid to licensed branches  the driving force behind the Group's commercial development  and representing 74% of annual revenues in 2023  the same share as in 2022. The +11% increase is essentially due to the growth in revenues generated over the period.€3.7m in personnel expenses  up 40%  reflecting recruitment to expand the branch network  accelerate development of the ""Energy transition"" business and structure teams in Spain in line with the roadmap announced at the time of the IPO.As a result  operating profit for 2023 was €1.5m  down 39% on 2022.After considering the financial income of 69 K€  exceptional income of -35 K€ and the tax of 340 K€  net profit (Group share) for 2023 stands at €1.2m.At December 31  2023  the number of Group and branch network employees had risen sharply to 180  compared with 120 at December 31  2022.Cash position at December 31  2023In May 2023  the Company raised €7m as part of its initial public offering on Euronext Growth. Following the partial exercise of the over-allotment option  the total amount of the offering was increased to €7.3m.At December 31  2023  the Group's cash position stood at €8.3m  vs. €7.9m at June 30  2023.Dividend proposalMon Courtier Energie Groupe has initiated a proactive dividend policy from the year ending December 31  2021. The Group intends to pursue this distribution policy  and the Board of Directors will propose to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 19  2024  the payment of a dividend balance of €0.33 per share in cash. Following the payment of an initial dividend prior to the IPO of Mon Courtier Energie Groupe  the total dividend for the 2023 financial year would reach €0.46 per share.2023 highlightsAcquiring new customers and strengthening the sales networkAt December 31  2023  Mon Courtier Energie Groupe's customer base stood at 34 000 companies2  boosted by the acquisition of over 10 000 new customers during the year (+42% vs. December 31  2022).The Group's sales network was also strengthened by the opening of 7 new branches in France during the year  bringing the total to 30 by December 31  2023 (+30% vs. December 31  2022).In addition  more than 30 new brokers joined the Mon Courtier Energie Group branches during the year  in particular to continue developing the historic B2B brokerage business  as well as the advisory business  including in ""Energy Transition""  a new offering launched in the last quarter of 2023 and expected to ramp up throughout 2024.Initiation of coverage by TP ICAPIn July 2023  TP ICAP Midcap  a brokerage firm and investment bank specializing in Small & Midcaps  initiated coverage of the stock with a Buy recommendation and a target price of €17.80 per share.Change in the composition of the Board of DirectorsIn November 2023  Claire Vernet-Garnier  independent director of the Group and member of the Audit Committee  resigned from the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of Mon courtier Energie Groupe is therefore composed of 8 members until the co-option of a new director.____________________________2 34 000 active delivery points for which the supplying of natural gas or electricity is ongoing.Awards and distinctionsGiven its operational performance over the course of 2023 and its commitment to CSR  Mon Courtier Energie Groupe has received several awards from the professional and media communities:1 st company in New Aquitaine in Les Echos newspaper's ""Champions de la croissance 2024"" ranking  10 th overall  2 nd in the energy sector and 1 st listed company;company in New Aquitaine in Les Echos newspaper's ""Champions de la croissance 2024"" ranking  10 overall  2 in the energy sector and 1 listed company; Financial Times ""FT 1000"" ranking of 1 000 top-performing European companies: 158 th overall  15 th in the energy sector and 10 th among French companies;overall  15 in the energy sector and 10 among French companies; Ranked 7 th in ""Best Place to Work"" France for companies with 50 to 250 employees;in ""Best Place to Work"" France for companies with 50 to 250 employees; Best franchise network in the ""Supporting a network of 11 to 50 franchisees"" category  at the “Trophées des meilleures franchises de France 2024”.Main post-closing eventsChanges in governanceAt the beginning of January 2024  the Board of Directors of Mon Courtier Energie Groupe decided to evolve the Group's governance in order to meet the best governance standards by separating the functions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Guillaume Rouaud  previously Chief Operating Officer  has been appointed Group Chief Executive Officer and Charlie Evrard  previously Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  will continue his mandate as Chairman of the Board.Expansion in SpainThe Group has continued to strengthen its presence in Spain  with the recruitment of new brokers and the launch of a scalable service offering tailored to this high-potential market. Since setting up in Spain a year ago  Mon Courtier Energie Groupe has passed the 1 000 B2B customers mark and extended its presence to 5 major geographical areas (Madrid  Barcelona  Galicia  Extremadura and Andalusia). The Group aims to cover the main regions of Spain in 2024  by recruiting 10 new independent partners. To pursue this momentum and coordinate the local team  currently made up of around ten employees  the Group recently appointed Joel Campos as Sales Director for Spain.Expansion of the branch networkMon Courtier Energie Groupe opened two new ""brand licensee"" branches in France in March 2024  to continue forging a close bond with businesses on a local scale. To date  the Mon Courtier Energie Groupe network comprises 32 branches  in line with the target of more than 40 branches by the end of 2025.2025 targets confirmedRevenues in excess of €40m- of which more than 10% from energy transition consulting services- of which more than 15% generated abroadOperating income of around €5mA network of more than 40 branchesFinancial publications 2024*Annual General meeting: June 19  2024June 19  2024 2024 half-year revenue: July 18  2024July 18  2024 2024 half-year results: October 18  2024* publications before market opens●●●About Mon Courtier Energie GroupeFounded in Bordeaux in 2017  in just a few years Mon Courtier Energie Groupe has become a major player in energy brokerage and the leading French network on the B2B market. The Group’s mission is to help companies with the global management of their energy budget in order to reduce or optimise their gas and/or electricity bill. Mon Courtier Energie Groupe service offer comprises brokerage and advice regarding energy purchasing  the management and optimisation of contracts and energy transition guidance.Mon Courtier Energie Groupe draws on the expertise of circa 180 people at its head offices and in “licenced” branches around the country.For further information  please go to www.moncourtierenergie.com.Disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements and risk factorsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  not historical data  and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by Mon Courtier Energie Groupe. Mon Courtier Energie Groupe operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment. The company is therefore unable to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of any risk or combination of risks could lead to results materially different from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. Mon Courtier Energie Groupe draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance  and that its actual financial condition  results of operations and cash flows  as well as developments in the industry in which Mon Courtier Energie Groupe operates  may differ materially from those contemplated or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained herein. Furthermore  even if the financial position  results of operations  cash flows and development of the sector in which Mon Courtier Energie Groupe operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of Mon Courtier Energie Groupe's future results or developments. Readers are invited to carefully examine the risk factors described in the registration document approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (""AMF"")  which is available free of charge on the Company's website. Should any or all of these or other risk factors materialize  Mon Courtier Energie Groupe shall in no event be liable for any decision made or action taken in connection with the information and/or statements contained in this press release  or for any damages related thereto. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. Mon Courtier Energie Groupe undertakes no obligation to update this information or the assumptions on which it is based  except in the event of any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it. This press release and the information it contains do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for shares in Mon Courtier Energie Groupe in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240410076079/en/",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.66,0.32,0.02,True,English,"['Mon Courtier Energie Groupe', 'Full-Year 2023 Results', '2025 Targets', 'Mon Courtier Energie Groupe', 'leading B2B energy broker', 'B2B energy brokerage company', 'Energy Transition” activity Ramp-up', 'brand licensee"" model', 'energy brokerage market', 'Energy Transition business', 'Energy transition"" business', 'expanding customer base', 'certification audit report', 'leading international market', 'Simplified income statement', 'structural growth prospects', 'annual financial statements', '2023 annual financial report', 'initial public offering', 'excellent sales momentum', 'Other operating expenses', 'Other operating income', 'profitable growth trajectory', 'Total operating expenses', 'branch network employees', 'energy market', 'profitable business', 'financial base', 'Financial income', 'audit procedures', 'international activities', 'Personnel expenses', 'Operating profit', 'total amount', 'first sales', 'Recurring income', 'Extraordinary income', 'exceptional income', 'annual revenues', 'total dividend', '10,000 new customers', 'Cash position', 'Regulatory News', 'ISIN code', 'Guillaume Rouaud', 'several respects', 'new offerings', 'past 12 months', 'strong demand', 'sustained growth', 'solid profitability', 'unique levers', 'legal deadlines', 'Net changes', 'consolidated companies', 'Minority interests', 'Net profit', 'significant investment', 'driving force', 'Euronext Growth', 'partial exercise', 'allotment option', 'sales network', 'financial targets', 'dividend balance', 'Income tax', '40 million euros', '5 million euros', 'full year', 'structuring year', 'first year', 'commercial development', 'same share', 'Dividend proposal', 'licensed branches', 'Group share', '2023 dividend', '21 million', '40 branches', '30 branches', 'roadmap', 'time', 'IPO', 'May', 'Acquisition', 'Deployment', 'Spain', 'December', 'excess', 'Ticker', 'ALMCE', 'results', 'board', 'Directors', 'April', 'CEO', 'success', 'addition', 'visibility', 'reputation', 'France', 'foothold', 'efforts', 'fruit', 'period', 'listing', 'distribution', 'brokers', 'performance', 'robustness', 'assets', 'leader', 'thousands', '249 Purchases', 'Taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'impairment', 'commissions', '+11% increase', 'recruitment', 'teams', '69 K', '340 K', 'number', 'June', '2025', '€', '2022']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39179,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861231/0/en/Publicis-Groupe-First-Quarter-2024-Revenue.html,Publicis Groupe : First Quarter 2024 Revenue,First Quarter 2024 Revenue            Very strong start to the year            Sustaining momentum            Gaining market share                     ...,First Quarter 2024 RevenueVery strong start to the yearSustaining momentumGaining market shareApril 11  2024Sustained momentum: Q1 2024 organic growth at +5.3%  above expectationsSolid performance across all regions:– Continued strong growth in the U.S. at +5% driven by data and media– Europe at +6% on top of a strong comparable in Q1 2023– China accelerating at +7%8 th consecutive quarter delivering highest growth in the sector 1   leading to market share gainsConfirming 2024 guidance  continuing to grow twice as fast as the industry average1Q1 2024Revenue €3 711m Net revenue €3 230m Organic growth +5.3% Reported growth +4.9%1 Based on consensus.Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“Publicis had a very strong start to 2024  sustaining growth momentum despite ongoing macroeconomic tensions.We accelerated on our organic growth this quarter  delivering +5.3%  ahead of expectations.There were three clear drivers of this performance.First  our ability to capture a disproportionate part of the increasing demand for data-led marketing transformation  boosted by AI  in a soon-to-be-cookieless world. This translated into the double-digit growth of our combined Epsilon and Publicis Media offer.Second  continued new business tailwinds  coming after we topped the league tables once again  and as we have for the past five years.Last but not least  the impact of a clear rebound in the tech sector  where we saw double-digit growth this quarter.Looking at the rest of our business  Publicis Sapient recorded sequential improvement  with positive growth in the U.S. despite continued client cautiousness affecting the entire IT consultancy sector.Creative further showed its resilience  posting single-digit growth driven by new business and production.All of our regions performed well  with the notable acceleration of Asia fueled by strong growth in China.After extracting ourselves from the pack in 2023  we clearly carried that momentum into Q1. We expect this to be our 8th consecutive quarter of delivering the highest growth in the industry  leading to material market share gains.Now  looking at the rest of the year  we are focused on maintaining this dynamic.In what is a still-challenging environment  our leadership in personalization at scale  our new business wins and our platform organization  make us confident in confirming our 2024 guidance.We once again expect to grow twice as fast as the industry average  while delivering the best financial KPIs.I would like to take this opportunity to thank our clients for their trust and our people for their outstanding efforts.”* **NET REVENUE IN Q1 2024Publicis Groupe’s net revenue in Q1 2024 was 3 230 million euros  up +4.9% from 3 079 million euros in 2023. Exchange rates had a negative impact of 29 million euros. Acquisitions  net of disposals  accounted for an increase in net revenue of 18 million euros. Organic growth reached +5.3%.Breakdown of Q1 2024 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Growth Growth North America 2 008 1 938 +3.6% +4.8% Europe 793 743 +6.7% +6.1% Asia Pacific 266 250 +6.4% +6.2% Middle East & Africa 90 88 +2.3% +4.0% Latin America 73 60 +21.7% +7.8% Total 3 230 3 079 +4.9% +5.3%North America net revenue was up +3.6% on a reported basis in Q1 2024  including a negative impact of the U.S. dollar to Euro exchange rate. Organic growth was at +4.8%. In the U.S.  organic growth came at +5.0%  with Media and Epsilon accretive this quarter  confirming the strength of our integrated offer in this geography where our model is the most advanced. Media posted a double-digit increase  and Epsilon’s high-single-digit growth was fueled by Digital Media and Data activities. Publicis Sapient grew +2.2% organically after +8% in Q1 last year  sequentially improving from Q4 2023. Creative activities were broadly stable.Net revenue in Europe was up by +6.7% on a reported basis and +6.1% organically. Organic growth in the U.K. was slightly positive  with double-digit growth in Media and Creative offsetting a negative Publicis Sapient which was up against a high comparable of very strong growth in Q1 2023. Organic growth in France was +9.4% and largely driven by high-single digit growth in Media and double-digit growth at Publicis Sapient again this quarter. Germany posted +4.9% organic growth led by double-digit growth in Media. Central & Eastern Europe was very strong  at +21.2% organically  benefitting from global wins ramping up in Media and Production.Net revenue in Asia Pacific recorded +6.4% growth on a reported basis and +6.2% on an organic basis. China posted a strong performance at +6.7% organically due to new business wins in Media. South-East Asia posted a double-digit performance fueled by Malaysia  Indonesia  as well as Thailand. Australia posted broadly stable organic growth on the quarter.In Middle East & Africa  net revenue was up +2.3% on a reported basis and +4.0% organically. Organic growth was largely driven by Creative activities  primarily in the UAE.Net revenue in Latin America was up +21.7% on a reported basis  and +7.8% organically  with growth driven by both Media and Creative  notably in Brazil  Mexico and Chile.Breakdown of net revenue at March 31  2024 by sectorOn the basis of 3 033 clients representing 92% of Groupe net revenue.NET DEBT AND LIQUIDITYNet debt totaled 445 million euros at the end of March 2024 compared with a net cash position of 909 million euros at year-end 2023  reflecting the seasonality in the activity. Net debt was 442 million euros at the end of March 2023. The Groupe’s last twelve-month average net debt amounted to 383 million euros at the end of March 2024  down from 563 million euros in March 2023.The Groupe’s liquidity position remains very solid at 4.9 billion euros.ACQUISITIONSOn January 18  2024  Publicis Groupe Singapore announced the acquisition of AKA Asia  one of Singapore's leading integrated communications agencies. Founded in 2009  AKA is a highly respected player in the South-East Asian market  known for delivering award-winning and innovative communication campaigns. The acquisition will expand and diversify Publicis Groupe's capabilities in the region  while bolstering the Groupe's strategic communications  PR and influence offering. AKA will join the Groupe's regional Influence practice.On March 12  2024  Publicis Sapient announced the acquisition of Spinnaker SCA  a leading supply chain services firm that provides end-to-end supply chain strategy  planning and execution consulting services. Founded in 2002 and based in Boulder in the U.S.  Spinnaker SCA will become part of Publicis Sapient and bring core capabilities and skill sets including advanced AI and ML analytics  supply chain digital twins  warehouse and transportation management and expanded digital services. Spinnaker SCA will further enable Publicis Sapient to offer solutions for clients to optimize their agile supply chains as part of their digital business transformation.GROUPE AI STRATEGYOn January 25  2024  the Groupe introduced CoreAI to infuse a layer of AI across the Groupe’s platform organization to connect its enterprise knowledge under a single entity. In doing so  the Groupe announced its ambition to become the industry’s first AI-powered Intelligent System.Sitting at the center of the Groupe  CoreAI unifies and standardizes Publicis’ best-in-class proprietary data and combines this with 35 years of business transformation data and coding owned exclusively by Publicis Sapient. CoreAI makes these assets shareable and accessible to everyone across the Groupe  empowering them across five key disciplines: Insight  Media  Creative and Production  Software and Operations.Publicis plans to invest 300 million euros in this strategy over the next three years. In 2024  the Groupe anticipates an investment of 100 million euros with 50% dedicated to its people  focused on upskilling  training and recruitment  and 50% to technology  through licenses  IT software and cloud infrastructure. This investment will be fully accounted for in the P&L. It will have no dilutive impact on the Groupe’s operating margin in 2024 as it will be funded by internal efficiencies. It will be slightly accretive on the operating margin in 2025.The roll out of CoreAI’s capabilities will continue iteratively throughout the year.OUTLOOKDespite ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties  and thanks to the strength of its unique model  Publicis is confident in its ability to deliver on all of the 2024 targets set at its full year 2023 earnings  with organic growth between +4% to +5%.As detailed in February  the +4% is rock solid and factors in continued delays in business transformation projects  more reductions in advertising spend and a cautious stance on year-end budget adjustments. The higher end of the guidance at +5% is within reach assuming a faster ramp-up of clients resuming spend on digital business transformation projects and fewer cuts in classic advertising.In Q2 2024  the Groupe expects solid organic growth within the full year range.The Groupe also confirms its 2024 guidance on financial ratios  which will be maintained at the industry-leading levels  of 18% operating margin rate  including the Groupe’s Opex investment of 100 million euros in its AI plan  and between 1.8 and 1.9 billion euros free cash flow before change in working capital.DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com)  including an unfavorable economic climate  a highly competitive industry  risks associated with the confidentiality of personal data  the Groupe’s business dependence on its management and employees  risks associated with mergers and acquisitions  risks of IT system failures and cybercrime  the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us on short notice  risks associated with the reorganization of the Groupe  risks of litigation  governmental  legal and arbitration proceedings  risks associated with the Groupe’s financial rating and exposure to liquidity risks.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!ContactsPublicis GroupeAmy Hadfield Corporate Communications + 33 1 44 43 70 75 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.com Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 88 jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.com Lorène Fleury Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 57 24 lorene.fleury@publicisgroupe.com Maxine Miller Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 21 maxine.miller@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Impact of currencyat end March 2024(million euro) 2023 net revenue 3 079 GBP (2) 9 Currency impact (2) (29) USD (2) (22) 2023 net revenue at 2024 exchange rates (a) 3 050 Others (16) 2024 net revenue before acquisition impact (b) 3 212 Total (29) Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 18 2024 net revenue 3 230 Organic growth (b/a) +5.3%(1) Acquisitions (Practia  Corra  AKA  ARBH)  net of disposals(2) EUR = USD 1.086 on average in Q1 2024 vs. USD 1.073 on average in Q1 2023EUR = GBP 0.856 on average in Q1 2024 vs. GBP 0.883 on average in Q1 2023DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents  excluding lease liability since 1st January 2018.Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month.Find the press release here,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.65,0.25,0.1,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Revenue', 'Publicis Groupe', 'entire IT consultancy sector', 'material market share gains', 'North America net revenue', 'ongoing macroeconomic tensions', 'data-led marketing transformation', 'past five years', 'best financial KPIs', '8 th consecutive quarter', 'three clear drivers', '8th consecutive quarter', 'Euro exchange rate', 'new business tailwinds', 'high-single digit growth', 'First Quarter 2024 Revenue', 'new business wins', 'EUR Net revenue', 'U.S. dollar', 'stable organic growth', 'negative Publicis Sapient', 'industry average1 Q1', 'Q1 2024 Net revenue', 'Publicis Media offer', 'Q1 2024 organic growth', 'Latin America', 'global wins', 'clear rebound', 'Exchange rates', 'integrated offer', 'tech sector', 'U.K.', '+4.9% organic growth', 'Publicis Groupe', '2023 Growth Growth', 'strong growth', 'highest growth', 'double-digit growth', 'positive growth', 'single-digit growth', 'strong start', 'strong comparable', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'disproportionate part', 'increasing demand', 'league tables', 'sequential improvement', 'client cautiousness', 'notable acceleration', 'challenging environment', 'outstanding efforts', 'negative impact', 'Middle East', 'high comparable', 'Solid performance', '3,079 million euros', '29 million euros', '18 million euros', 'Asia Pacific', 'strong performance', 'South-East Asia', 'double-digit performance', 'growth momentum', 'Sustained momentum', 'double-digit increase', 'Data activities', 'Creative activities', 'organic basis', 'Digital Media', 'Eastern Europe', '+6.4% growth', '230 million', 'Q1.', 'April', 'expectations', 'regions', 'top', 'China', '2024 guidance', 'consensus', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'ability', 'world', 'combined', 'Epsilon', 'rest', 'resilience', 'production', 'pack', 'dynamic', 'leadership', 'personalization', 'scale', 'platform', 'organization', 'opportunity', 'clients', 'trust', 'people', 'Acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Breakdown', 'Africa', 'strength', 'geography', 'model', 'Q4', 'France', 'Germany', 'Central', 'Malaysia', 'Indonesia', 'Thailand', 'Australia']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39180,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/mon-courtier-energie-groupe-announces-its-fullyear-2023-results-and-confirms-its-2025-targets-93CH-3374176,Mon Courtier Energie Groupe Announces Its Full-Year 2023 Results and Confirms Its 2025 Targets By Investing.com,Mon Courtier Energie Groupe Announces Its Full-Year 2023 Results and Confirms Its 2025 Targets,"Revenue up 10% at €21mSales momentum in line with the roadmap presented at the time of the IPO in May 2023: Acquisition of 10 000 new customers (+42% vs. 2022) Deployment of the Energy Transition activity Ramp-up of activity in SpainHistorically profitable business  with operating income of €1.5m in 2023Proposal to pay a dividend balance of €0.33 per share bringing the 2023 dividend to €0.46 per shareCash position of €8.3m at December 31  2023Targets for 2025 reiterated: Revenue in excess of €40m Operating income of around €5m A network of more than 40 branchesBORDEAUX  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Mon Courtier Energie Groupe (ISIN code: FR001400H3A0 - Ticker: ALMCE)  a B2B energy brokerage company  today announced its results for the full year 2023  ended December 31  2023  as approved by the board of Directors on April 10  20241.Guillaume Rouaud  CEO of Mon Courtier Energie Groupe  declares: 2023 was a structuring year for the Group in several respects. Firstly  the success of our IPO  in addition to strengthening our financial base  has enabled us to increase our visibility and reputation as the leading B2B energy broker in France. We have continued to invest in expanding our branch network  in designing new offerings for the energy transition  and also in solidifying our foothold in Spain  our leading international market. These efforts are bearing fruit  as demonstrated by the acquisition of 10 000 new customers over the past 12 months. Our revenue thus reached 21 million euros  up +10% after an already particularly dynamic 2022  given the strong demand observed in the energy market over this period. This sustained growth is always accompanied by solid profitability  enabling us  in our first year of listing  to propose the distribution of a dividend balance of €0.33 per share  bringing the total dividend for 2023 to €0.46 per share. In 2024  we will continue our profitable growth trajectory and  thanks to our network of brokers spread over more than 30 branches and a constantly expanding customer base of 34 000  we have the unique levers to continue delivering the performance presented at the time of the IPO. Indeed  the robustness of our ""brand licensee"" model and the structural growth prospects of the energy brokerage market enable us to confidently reiterate our financial targets for 2025: revenue in excess of 40 million euros  operating income of around 5 million euros and a network of over 40 branches. These are some of the assets that will maintain Mon Courtier Energie Groupe as a leader in its market._ _ _ _ _ _1 The audit procedures on the annual financial statements have been carried out and the certification audit report is currently being prepared. The 2023 annual financial report will be published within the legal deadlines.Simplified income statementin € thousands 2023 2022 Revenue 21 042 19 171 Other operating income 310 249 Purchases (15 632) (14 124) Personnel expenses (3 661) (2 617) Other operating expenses (85) 0 Taxes (98) (73) Net changes in depreciation  amortization  and impairment (415) (216) Total operating expenses (19 891) (17 030) Operating profit 1 461 2 390 Financial income 69 (24) Recurring income of consolidated companies 1 530 2 365 Extraordinary income (35) (5) Income tax (332) (542) Minority interests 23 - Net profit (Group share) 1 186 1 818Revenue for the year 2023 were up 10% to reach €21m  including:96% realized thanks to excellent sales momentum in France in 2023;3% from the Energy Transition business;1% from international activities  with the first sales in Spain.Operating expenses for the year 2023 rose by 16% to €19.9m  reflecting significant investment in developing the sales network to continue sustaining growth  and break down mainly as follows:€15.6m in purchases consumed  corresponding notably to commissions paid to licensed branches  the driving force behind the Group's commercial development  and representing 74% of annual revenues in 2023  the same share as in 2022. The +11% increase is essentially due to the growth in revenues generated over the period.€3.7m in personnel expenses  up 40%  reflecting recruitment to expand the branch network  accelerate development of the ""Energy transition"" business and structure teams in Spain in line with the roadmap announced at the time of the IPO.As a result  operating profit for 2023 was €1.5m  down 39% on 2022.After considering the financial income of 69 K €  exceptional income of -35 K € and the tax of 340 K €  net profit (Group share) for 2023 stands at €1.2m.At December 31  2023  the number of Group and branch network employees had risen sharply to 180  compared with 120 at December 31  2022.Cash position at December 31  2023In May 2023  the Company raised €7m as part of its initial public offering on Euronext Growth. Following the partial exercise of the over-allotment option  the total amount of the offering was increased to €7.3m.At December 31  2023  the Group's cash position stood at €8.3m  vs. €7.9m at June 30  2023.Dividend proposalMon Courtier Energie Groupe has initiated a proactive dividend policy from the year ending December 31  2021. The Group intends to pursue this distribution policy  and the Board of Directors will propose to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 19  2024  the payment of a dividend balance of €0.33 per share in cash. Following the payment of an initial dividend prior to the IPO of Mon Courtier Energie Groupe  the total dividend for the 2023 financial year would reach €0.46 per share.2023 highlightsAcquiring new customers and strengthening the sales networkAt December 31  2023  Mon Courtier Energie Groupe's customer base stood at 34 000 companies2  boosted by the acquisition of over 10 000 new customers during the year (+42% vs. December 31  2022).The Group's sales network was also strengthened by the opening of 7 new branches in France during the year  bringing the total to 30 by December 31  2023 (+30% vs. December 31  2022).In addition  more than 30 new brokers joined the Mon Courtier Energie Group branches during the year  in particular to continue developing the historic B2B brokerage business  as well as the advisory business  including in ""Energy Transition""  a new offering launched in the last quarter of 2023 and expected to ramp up throughout 2024.Initiation of coverage by TP ICAP (LON: )In July 2023  TP ICAP Midcap  a brokerage firm and investment bank specializing in Small & Midcaps  initiated coverage of the stock with a Buy recommendation and a target price of €17.80 per share.Change in the composition of the Board of DirectorsIn November 2023  Claire Vernet-Garnier  independent director of the Group and member of the Audit Committee  resigned from the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of Mon courtier Energie Groupe is therefore composed of 8 members until the co-option of a new director._ _ _ _ _ _2 34 000 active delivery points for which the supplying of or electricity is ongoing.Awards and distinctionsGiven its operational performance over the course of 2023 and its commitment to CSR  Mon Courtier Energie Groupe has received several awards from the professional and media communities:1st company in New Aquitaine in Les Echos newspaper's ""Champions de la croissance 2024"" ranking  10th overall  2nd in the energy sector and 1st listed company;Financial Times ""FT 1000"" ranking of 1 000 top-performing European companies: 158th overall  15th in the energy sector and 10th among French companies;Ranked 7th in ""Best Place to Work"" France for companies with 50 to 250 employees;Best franchise network in the ""Supporting a network of 11 to 50 franchisees"" category  at the TrophÃ©es des meilleures franchises de France 2024.Main post-closing eventsChanges in governanceAt the beginning of January 2024  the Board of Directors of Mon Courtier Energie Groupe decided to evolve the Group's governance in order to meet the best governance standards by separating the functions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Guillaume Rouaud  previously Chief Operating Officer  has been appointed Group Chief Executive Officer and Charlie Evrard  previously Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  will continue his mandate as Chairman of the Board.Expansion in SpainThe Group has continued to strengthen its presence in Spain  with the recruitment of new brokers and the launch of a scalable service offering tailored to this high-potential market. Since setting up in Spain a year ago  Mon Courtier Energie Groupe has passed the 1 000 B2B customers mark and extended its presence to 5 major geographical areas (Madrid  Barcelona  Galicia  Extremadura and Andalusia). The Group aims to cover the main regions of Spain in 2024  by recruiting 10 new independent partners. To pursue this momentum and coordinate the local team  currently made up of around ten employees  the Group recently appointed Joel Campos as Sales Director for Spain.Expansion of the branch networkMon Courtier Energie Groupe opened two new ""brand licensee"" branches in France in March 2024  to continue forging a close bond with businesses on a local scale. To date  the Mon Courtier Energie Groupe network comprises 32 branches  in line with the target of more than 40 branches by the end of 2025.2025 targets confirmedRevenues in excess of €40m- of which more than 10% from energy transition consulting services- of which more than 15% generated abroadOperating income of around €5mA network of more than 40 branchesFinancial publications 2024Annual General meeting: June 19  2024June 19  2024 2024 half-year revenue: July 18  2024July 18  2024 2024 half-year results: October 18  2024publications before market opens— — —About Mon Courtier Energie GroupeFounded in Bordeaux in 2017  in just a few years Mon Courtier Energie Groupe has become a major player in energy brokerage and the leading French network on the B2B market. The Group's mission is to help companies with the global management of their energy budget in order to reduce or optimise their gas and/or electricity bill. Mon Courtier Energie Groupe service offer comprises brokerage and advice regarding energy purchasing  the management and optimisation of contracts and energy transition guidance.Mon Courtier Energie Groupe draws on the expertise of circa 180 people at its head offices and in licenced branches around the country.For further information  please go to www.moncourtierenergie.com.Disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements and risk factorsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  not historical data  and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by Mon Courtier Energie Groupe. Mon Courtier Energie Groupe operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment. The company is therefore unable to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of any risk or combination of risks could lead to results materially different from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. Mon Courtier Energie Groupe draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance  and that its actual financial condition  results of operations and cash flows  as well as developments in the industry in which Mon Courtier Energie Groupe operates  may differ materially from those contemplated or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained herein. Furthermore  even if the financial position  results of operations  cash flows and development of the sector in which Mon Courtier Energie Groupe operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of Mon Courtier Energie Groupe's future results or developments. Readers are invited to carefully examine the risk factors described in the registration document approved by the AutoritÃ© des MarchÃ©s Financiers (""AMF"")  which is available free of charge on the Company's website. Should any or all of these or other risk factors materialize  Mon Courtier Energie Groupe shall in no event be liable for any decision made or action taken in connection with the information and/or statements contained in this press release  or for any damages related thereto. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. Mon Courtier Energie Groupe undertakes no obligation to update this information or the assumptions on which it is based  except in the event of any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it. This press release and the information it contains do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for shares in Mon Courtier Energie Groupe in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240410076079/en/Mon Courtier Energie GroupeGuillaume RouaudCEOinvestisseurs@moncourtierenergie.comNewCapMathilde Bohin / Dusan OresanskyInvestor Relationsmce@newcap.euTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94NewCapNicolas MerigeauMedia Relationsmce@newcap.euTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98Source: Mon Courtier Energie Groupe",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.55,0.35,0.1,True,English,"['Mon Courtier Energie Groupe', 'Full-Year 2023 Results', '2025 Targets', 'Investing', 'Mon Courtier Energie Groupe', 'leading B2B energy broker', 'B2B energy brokerage company', 'brand licensee"" model', 'energy brokerage market', 'expanding customer base', 'certification audit report', 'leading international market', 'Energy Transition business', 'Energy transition"" business', 'Simplified income statement', 'structural growth prospects', 'annual financial statements', '2023 annual financial report', 'initial public offering', 'Energy Transition activity', 'excellent sales momentum', 'Other operating expenses', 'Other operating income', 'profitable growth trajectory', 'Total operating expenses', 'branch network employees', 'energy market', 'profitable business', 'financial base', 'Financial income', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'audit procedures', 'international activities', 'Personnel expenses', 'Operating profit', 'total amount', 'first sales', 'Recurring income', 'Extraordinary income', 'exceptional income', 'annual revenues', 'total dividend', '10,000 new customers', 'Cash position', 'Regulatory News', 'ISIN code', 'Guillaume Rouaud', 'several respects', 'new offerings', 'past 12 months', 'strong demand', 'sustained growth', 'solid profitability', 'unique levers', 'legal deadlines', 'Net changes', 'consolidated companies', 'Minority interests', 'Net profit', 'significant investment', 'driving force', 'Euronext Growth', 'partial exercise', 'allotment option', 'sales network', 'financial targets', 'dividend balance', 'Income tax', '40 million euros', '5 million euros', 'full year', 'structuring year', 'first year', 'commercial development', 'same share', 'Dividend proposal', 'licensed branches', 'Group share', '2023 dividend', '21 million', '40 branches', '30 branches', 'roadmap', 'time', 'IPO', 'May', 'Acquisition', 'Deployment', 'Ramp-up', 'Spain', 'December', 'excess', 'BORDEAUX', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ALMCE', 'results', 'board', 'Directors', 'April', 'CEO', 'success', 'addition', 'visibility', 'reputation', 'foothold', 'efforts', 'fruit', 'period', 'listing', 'distribution', 'brokers', 'performance', 'robustness', 'assets', 'leader', 'thousands', '249 Purchases', '0 Taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'impairment', 'commissions', '+11% increase', 'recruitment', 'teams', '69 K', '340 K', 'number', 'June', '2025', '€', '2022']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,investing.com
39181,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/11/2861240/0/en/Q1-2024-Production-Report.html,Q1 2024 Production Report,Kenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)      11 April 2024      Q1 2024 Production Report      Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR ......,"Kenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)11 April 2024Q1 2024 Production ReportKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  is pleased to provide a trading update for the quarter ending 31 March 2024 (“Q1 2024”).Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director:“Our team at the Moma Mine has now worked for over six months without incurring a Lost Time Injury and I would like to congratulate all of our employees for this exceptional achievement.Production in Q1 was in line with our expectations and consistent with guidance. We anticipate production will strengthen through the rest of the year  due to a stronger grade profile and typically fewer seasonal power interruptions.The markets for our products were encouraging in Q1  with stronger than expected demand  particularly for ilmenite. This was driven by recovering titanium pigment demand and the continued growth of the titanium metal market.”OverviewImproved Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (“LTIFR”) of 0.09 per 200 000 hours worked on a 12-month rolling basis (Q1 2023: 0.15) and zero Lost Time Injuries (“LTIs”) in Q1 2024Heavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) production in Q1 2024 of 316 400 tonnes  in line with Q1 2023 (315 000 tonnes)Ilmenite production of 205 500 tonnes  in line with Q1 2023 (204 300 tonnes)Reduced production of other finished products due to significant maintenance work underway in the Mineral Separation Plant (“MSP”)  including primary zircon production of 8 300 tonnes (Q1 2023: 11 400 tonnes)  rutile production of 1 500 tonnes (Q1 2023: 1 700 tonnes)  and concentrates production of 9 600 tonnes (Q1 2023: 10 100 tonnes)Total shipments of 242 900 tonnes in Q1 2024  down 11% on Q1 2023 (271 700 tonnes)  excluding approximately 34 000 tonnes that were loaded in Q1 but shipped in Q2Encouraging product market conditions in Q1 2024  with higher than expected demand  and Kenmare has a strong order book for Q2As announced on 15 March 2024  Managing Director Michael Carvill will step down from his executive role and Board position later this year – a process to appoint his successor is underwayKenmare is on track to achieve its 2024 guidance  with production still expected to be weighted towards the second half of the yearOperations updateOperational results from the Moma Mine in Q1 2024 were as follows:Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Variance Q4 2023 Variance tonnes tonnes % tonnes % Excavated ore1 9 215 000 9 258 000 0% 9 348 000 -1% Grade1 4.15% 4.13% 0% 4.83% -14% Production HMC production 316 400 315 000 0% 399 800 -21% HMC processed 307 800 314 800 -2% 399 800 -23% Ilmenite 205 500 204 300 1% 269 600 -24% Primary zircon 8 300 11 400 -27% 14 000 -41% Rutile 1 500 1 700 -12% 2 100 -29% Concentrates2 9 600 10 100 -5% 10 500 -9% Shipments 242 900 271 700 -11% 324 900 -25%Excavated ore and grade prior to any floor losses. Concentrates include secondary zircon and mineral sands concentrate.In late February 2024  Kenmare passed three million hours worked without an LTI. No LTIs were incurred in Q4 2023 or Q1 2024 and the Company’s rolling 12-month LTIFR improved to 0.09 per 200 000 hours worked (31 March 2023: 0.15).HMC production in Q1 2024 was 316 400 tonnes  in line with Q1 2023 (315 000 tonnes)  due to seasonal power interruptions as a result of the southern hemisphere rainy season. The cumulative impact of the power interruptions in Q1 2024 was greater than the downtime caused by the severe lightning strike in February 2023 and materially exceeded the average impact on operations experienced during the first quarter of the past five years. Production of HMC  and consequently all finished products  was lower in Q1 2024 than in the previous quarter due primarily to expected lower ore grades.HMC processed in Q1 2024 was 307 800 tonnes  a 2% decrease compared to Q1 2023 (314 800 tonnes). HMC processed was 3% lower (8 600 tonnes) than HMC produced in Q1 due to significant maintenance work taking place in the MSP. The aim of this work was to address underperformance in various circuits  so HMC was held back from processing until the work was completed. Another contributing factor to the lower HMC processed was the reliability of one of the four engines in the Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply (“RUPS”). All four engines were working for over 60% of the quarter  however for the periods without the fourth engine  the RUPS’ ability to mitigate power interruptions was reduced. An investigation is underway to determine the repair time for the fourth engine.Ilmenite production in Q1 2024 was 205 500 tonnes  in line with Q1 2023 (204 300 tonnes). Ilmenite production benefitted from the processing of intermediate stockpiles  offsetting the slight reduction in HMC processed. Intermediate stockpiles are comprised of partially processed materials in the MSP that have not yet been fully separated into one of Kenmare’s four product streams. The Company draws on this material to optimise the separation process in the MSP.Primary zircon production was 8 300 tonnes in Q1 2024  a 27% decrease on Q1 2023 (11 400 tonnes)  due to challenges in the zircon circuit. This resulted in lower recoveries and higher than usual quantities of material being sent to the intermediate stockpiles  which will be processed in the coming quarters.Rutile production was 1 500 tonnes  a 12% decrease (Q1 2023: 1 700 tonnes)  and concentrates production was 9 600 tonnes  a 5% decrease (Q1 2023: 10 100 tonnes). These product streams were impacted by the same challenges in the MSP. Concentrates production benefitted from lower recoveries in primary zircon and rutile production.At the end of Q1  Kenmare is on track to achieve its 2024 guidance on all stated metrics. Production is forecast to strengthen from Q2 onwards due to improved power stability in the dry season and higher expected grades in H2.Shipments were 242 900 tonnes in Q1 2024  down 11% compared to Q1 2023 (271 700 tonnes). However  an additional 34 000 tonnes that were loaded in March are not included as the shipments were not completed until early April  so these tonnes will be reflected in the Q2 shipment volumes. If these additional tonnes are taken into consideration  Q1 2024 shipments are in line with Q1 2023. Shipments were comprised solely of ilmenite during the quarter.Closing stock of HMC at the end of Q1 2024 was 25 300 tonnes  compared with 16 700 tonnes at year-end 2023. This stock build was due to the difference between HMC produced and HMC processed in the quarter  as a result of maintenance work in the MSP. Closing stock of finished products at the end of Q1 2024 was 241 800 tonnes (Q4 2023: 259 100 tonnes)  including the 34 000 tonnes of shipments that completed in early April.Capital projectsPreparations continue for the upgrade of Wet Concentrator Plant (“WCP”) A ahead of its transition to the large Nataka ore zone. WCP A will complete its current mine path in Namalope in late 2025 and then mine its way to Nataka  where it will operate for the remainder of its economic life. Nataka represents over 70% of Moma’s Mineral Resources and transitioning WCP A to this ore zone is key to securing production from Moma for decades to come.The upgrade of WCP A consists of three key elements and their status is as follows:1) Replacing existing two dredges with new  higher capacity dredges – new dredges ordered in September 2023 and fabrication commenced in Q1 20242) Installing upfront desliming circuit to more effectively manage slimes at Nataka – fabrication of desliming circuit commenced in early Q1 20243) Introduction of a Tailings Storage Facility (“TSF”) to replace complex paddock system – detailed design of TSF is underway and community engagement is in progressThe Definitive Feasibility Study for the additional infrastructure for WCP A’s transition to Nataka remains on track to be completed in Q2 2024. Work is also continuing on the Pre-Feasibility Study for Congolone  a potential future growth opportunity for Kenmare  and this is also scheduled for completion in Q2.Market updateThe market for Kenmare’s products was robust in Q1 2024  with stronger than expected demand  particularly for the Company’s ilmenite products. Spot prices for ilmenite have been stable since early Q4 2023  however average received prices were lower in Q1 compared to the previous quarter. This was due to lower contracted prices reflecting the softer market conditions in H2 2023.Demand from the titanium pigment industry rebounded more strongly than expected in Q1 2024. Pigment producers ramped up production in response to an improving sales outlook  most notably in Europe and North America  and ilmenite inventories are at low levels. Demand for titanium feedstocks from the titanium metal sector remains strong.Supply of titanium feedstocks remains at a high level but production disruptions due to the suspension of some operations in Mozambique and Sierra Leone are causing uncertainty in the market.The zircon market has shown some positive signs of recovery following the Lunar New Year. Supply of high-quality products is constrained  leading to stronger prices in the spot market. This has been supported by growing demand in India  however demand in Europe remains relatively weak.Kenmare has a strong order book for Q2 2024 and expects to continue to draw down product inventories to meet this demand.Corporate updateAs announced on 15 March 2024  Managing Director Michael Carvill will step down from his executive role and Board position later this year. Subject to re-appointment at the Company’s Annual General Meeting on 10 May 2024  it is expected that Michael will remain on the Board and in his executive role until the Company’s Interim Results in August. Following this  and to support an orderly transition process  Michael will continue to be available to the Company in a consultancy capacity until at least the end of 2024.Kenmare’s Nomination Committee has commenced a process to appoint Michael’s successor and will consider both internal and external candidates. The result of this process will be announced in due course.For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Katharine Sutton / Michael StarkeInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresouces.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367 / +353 87 663 0875Murray (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of life items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Forward Looking StatementsThis announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control  actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.19,0.47,True,English,"['Q1 2024 Production Report', 'Overview Improved Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate', 'zero Lost Time Injuries', 'southern hemisphere rainy season', 'Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply', 'fewer seasonal power interruptions', 'Q1 2024 Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'Managing Director Michael Carvill', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'mineral sands concentrate', 'Mineral Separation Plant', 'leading global producers', 'titanium metal market', '12-month rolling basis', 'product market conditions', 'strong order book', 'severe lightning strike', 'past five years', 'four product streams', 'titanium pigment demand', 'significant maintenance work', 'rolling 12-month LTIFR', 'lower ore grades', 'other finished products', 'three million hours', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'stronger grade profile', 'year Operations update', 'primary zircon production', 'Q1 2023 Variance Q4 2023', 'Q1 2024 Production Report', 'repair time', 'Variance tonnes tonnes', 'Production HMC production', 'trading update', 'Moma Mine', 'Excavated ore', 'four engines', 'northern Mozambique', 'six months', 'exceptional achievement', 'continued growth', 'expected demand', 'executive role', 'Board position', 'second half', 'Operational results', 'floor losses', 'secondary zircon', 'cumulative impact', 'average impact', 'various circuits', 'contributing factor', 'fourth engine', 'intermediate stockpiles', 'slight reduction', 'lower HMC', 'Reduced production', 'LSE:KMR', 'Total shipments', 'late February', 'first quarter', 'previous quarter', 'RUPS’ ability', 'Ilmenite production', 'rutile production', 'The Company', '200,000 hours', '316,400 tonnes', '315,000 tonnes', '205,500 tonnes', '4,300 tonnes', '8,300 tonnes', '11,400 tonnes', '1,500 tonnes', '1,700 tonnes', '9,600 tonnes', '10,100 tonnes', '242,900 tonnes', '34,000 tonnes', '307,800 tonnes', '14,800 tonnes', 'Group', 'April', 'ISE', 'Statement', 'team', 'employees', 'line', 'expectations', 'guidance', 'rest', 'markets', 'LTIs', 'MSP', 'Q2', 'higher', '15 March', 'process', 'successor', 'track', 'Grade1', 'Concentrates2', 'downtime', '2% decrease', 'place', 'aim', 'underperformance', 'reliability', 'periods', 'investigation', 'materials']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,globenewswire.com
39182,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXOR-N-V-142350737/news/Exor-Press-Release-FY2023-Results-46410282/,Exor Press Release - FY2023 Results,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  11 April 2024 EXOR DELIVERS 33% GROWTH IN NAV PER SHARE IN 2023 NAV reached €35.5 billion at 31 December 2023 with NAV per share increasing by 32.7%  outperforming the MSCI World Index by 15.1 p.p. This increase was mainly driv…,Amsterdam  11 April 2024EXOR DELIVERS 33% GROWTH IN NAV PER SHARE IN 2023NAV reached €35.5 billion at 31 December 2023 with NAV per share increasing by 32.7%  outperforming the MSCI World Index by 15.1 p.p. This increase was mainly driven by the share price performance of Ferrari and Stellantis.Portfolio diversification increased after the PartnerRe sale  with €5.4 billion cash deployed in 2023 into Companies  Investments and share buybacks  while maintaining a strong balance sheet with an LTV ratio of 10% at year-end.Exor has determined that it is an Investment Entity under IFRS 10 as of 1 January 2024  driven by its evolution as a company. From this date  it will change its reporting accordingly by deconsolidating portfolio companies and accounting for them at fair value.Ordinary dividend to be distributed of approximately €100 million  corresponding to €0.46 per share  subject to AGM approval. Share buyback program to restart for the remaining €250 million.€ million 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Net Asset Value (a) 35 513 28 233 Net Asset Value per share - € 162.36 122.34 Net Financial Position of Exor Holdings System (a) (3 968) 795 Loan-to-Value ratio (%) 10.1% n.a. Years ended 31 December € million 2023 2022 Net profit attributable to the owners of the parent (a) 4 194 4 227 Dividends received 835 839 Dividends paid (99) (99)(a) APM: the reconciliation with the IFRS measures can be found on pages 41-46 of the Exor 2023 Annual ReportKEY EVENTS IN 2023 AND SUBSEQUENT EVENTSInvestment in PhilipsDuring the first half of 2023  Exor acquired a stake of 2.96% in Philips.On 14 August 2023  Philips and Exor announced that they had entered into a relationship agreement  as a result of which Exor increased its stake in Philips to 15%. The total amount invested was €2 771 million.On 20 February 2024  Philips announced that Benoît Ribadeau-Dumas will be nominated for election to the Philips Supervisory Board at the company's next annual general meeting of shareholders on 7 May 2024.Increase in investment in Lingotto fundsDuring 2023  Exor invested a total amount of €563 million of which €400 million in funds managed by Lingotto  the independent alternative investment manager wholly owned by Exor.Completion of €500 million share buyback program and new program of €1 billionDuring the first half of 2023  Exor purchased ordinary shares for a total invested amount of €246 million  completing the €500 million share buyback program announced in March 2022.On 13 September 2023  Exor's Board approved a new share buyback program up to €1 billion to be completed in the following 12 months. Exor considers buybacks an attractive opportunity to invest in its own Companies when terms are attractive.As part of this transaction  on 14 September 2023  Exor launched a reverse Dutch auction tender offer for an aggregate consideration up to €750 million to qualifying shareholders.On 13 October 2023  Exor announced that the tender offer was oversubscribed and priced at zero premium to reference price. In accordance with its irrevocable undertaking  shares were purchased from Giovanni Agnelli B.V. for a total consideration of €202 million.The tender offer allowed Exor to acquire 3.8% of the issued ordinary shares efficiently and at an attractive discount.In 2024  Exor expects to buy back shares for the remaining €250 million through on-market purchases of ordinary shares on Euronext Amsterdam.Support to Juventus' capital increaseOn 6 October 2023  Juventus communicated Exor’s support to the company's capital increase by undertaking to subscribe a portion equivalent to its 63.8% stake and Exor’s commitment to execute a contribution for future capital increases for a maximum of €127 million. On 21 December 2023  Juventus communicated that Exor had committed to subscribe for any newly issued shares that may remain unsubscribed at the end of the offering period  up to an aggregate amount equal to approximately €72 million  and that Exor had paid in full its contribution to capital increase.On 4 April 2024  Juventus announced that following the auction of the pre-emptive rights not exercised during the offer period  its capital increase has been fully subscribed. Therefore  funding of the approximately €72 million that Exor had underwritten is not required.Credit rating upgrade by Standard and Poor'sOn 9 November 2023  Standard & Poor’s communicated that it had upgraded Exor’s long-term corporate credit rating to A- from BBB+  maintaining a “stable” outlook. The short-term rating of Exor is A-2.New bond issueOn 14 February 2024  Exor issued bonds for a nominal amount of €650 million  maturing on 14 February 2033 with an issue price of 99.371% and a fixed annual coupon of 3.75%. The purpose of the issue was to raise new funds for Exor's general corporate purposes and refinance debt maturing in 2024. The notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  admitted for trading on the Euro MTF Market  with an A- credit rating assigned by Standard & Poor’s.Investment in ClarivateOn 4 March  2024 Exor announced that it had become a long-term investor in Clarivate  endorsing the strategic direction set out by the company's management and board  with a 10.1% shareholding in the company.On the same date  Clarivate and Exor announced that Suzanne Heywood  Exor's COO  will be nominated for election to the Clarivate Board of Directors at the company's next annual general meeting of shareholders on 7 May 2024.The total amount invested in Clarivate since 2022 is $596 million.Dividend and distribution of reserves expected to be received in 2024The dividends and distributions of reserves already received or proposed by the Board of Directors of some investee companies are as follows:Number of sharesDividends Investee company Per share (€) Total (€ million) Stellantis N.V. 449 410 092 1.55 697 CNH Industrial N.V. (a) 366 927 900 0.43 158 Philips N.V. (b) 139 297 503 0.85 118 Ferrari N.V. 44 435 280 2.44 109 Iveco Group N.V. 73 385 580 0.22 16 Exor's share of dividends 1 098(a) Dividend proposed by CNH Industrial equal to $0.47 per share (equivalent to approximately €0.43 per outstanding common share  translated at the exchange rate reported by the European Central Bank on 28 March 2024).(b) Dividend to be paid in shares.Announcement of change in financial reportingExor will change its reporting from 1 January 2024 as it has determined that it is an Investment Entity under IFRS 10 as of that date.In the past years  Exor has evolved from a holding to an investment entity  driven by a significant change in its portfolio activity and composition  and changes in its portfolio review process to drive capital allocation decisions based on fair value.In line with IFRS requirements  Exor will deconsolidate portfolio companies and account for them at fair value  while only continuing to consolidate subsidiaries that provide support services to the Investment Entity.The change in reporting will be applied from 1 January 2024  with a material impact on the presentation of the consolidated financial statements and with first time application in Half-Year 2024 results. The one-off positive impact on the income statement is expected to be approximately €12 billion  resulting from the difference between the net carrying amount of investments previously consolidated or accounted for using the equity method and their fair value at the date of the change. The definitive impact will be disclosed in the Half-Year 2024 results.Exor believes that this change will better align Exor’s reporting and financial disclosures to its business and activities  with NAV and other key metrics audited.NET ASSET VALUE (NAV)€ million Asset Type 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Change vs.31 December 2022 Amount % Companies 34 233 24 278 9 955 41.0% Ferrari L 13 562 8 896 4 666 52.5% Stellantis L 9 505 5 961 3 544 59.5% CNH Industrial L 4 066 5 491 (1 425) (26.0%) Philips L 2 937 — 2 937 n.a. Iveco L 598 408 190 46.6% Juventus L 542 510 32 6.3 % Other companies(a) P 3 023 3 012 11 0.4% Investments 2 836 1 766 1 070 60.6% Lingotto(b) L/P 2 099 1 185 914 77.1% Ventures(c) P 737 581 156 26.9% Others 2 750 6 443 (3 693) (57.3%) Reinsurance vehicles P 802 622 180 28.9% Other assets(d) P 463 378 85 22.5% Liquidity(e) 1 395 5 349 (3 954) (73.9%) Treasury stock(f) 90 94 (4) (4.3)% Gross Asset Value 39 819 32 487 7 332 22.6% Gross Debt (4 286) (4 234) (52) 1.2% Bonds and bank debt (3 682) (3 625) (57) 1.6% Financial liabilities(g) (604) (609) 5 (0.8%) Other liabilities (20) (20) — —% Net Asset Value (NAV) 35 513 28 233 7 280 25.8% NAV per Share in Euro(h) 162.36 122.34 40.02 32.7%L= Listed Company; P= Private Company.(a) Other companies at 31 December 2023 include Institut Mérieux (€844 million)  Christian Louboutin (€700 million)  Via Transportation (€514 million)  The Economist (€384 million)  Welltec (€280 million)  TagEnergy (€100 million)  Lifenet (€71 million)  GEDI (€68 million)  NUO (€42 million)  Casavo (€20 million) and Shang Xia (€0 million). Other companies at 31 December 2022 included Institut Mérieux (€848 million) Christian Louboutin (€700 million)  Via Transportation (€477 million)  The Economist (€370 million)  Welltec (€217 million)  GEDI (€167 million)  Lifenet (€71 million)  Shang Xia (€67 million)  Casavo (€56 million) and NUO (€39 million).(b) At 31 December 2023 it includes public funds (€1 737 million) and private funds (€362 million). At 31 December 2022 it included public funds (€1 069 million) and private funds (€116 million).(c) At 31 December 2023 Ventures include Exor Ventures (€598 million) and direct investments (€139 million). At 31 December 2022 Ventures included Exor Ventures (€504 million) and direct investments (€77 million). The stake owned in Casavo via Exor Ventures has been reclassified into Casavo and included in Other companies.(d) Other assets include minor private investments and receivables among others. Items previously classified under Financial investments are included in Other assets.(e) At 31 December 2023 liquidity includes listed securities (€1 077 million)  cash and cash equivalents (€274 million) and financial assets (€44 million) included in the net financial position. At 31 December 2022 liquidity included cash and cash equivalents (€4 985 million)  listed securities (€320 million) and financial assets (€44 million) included in the net financial position. Listed securities at 31 December 2023 include Clarivate (€551 million)  Forvia (€203 million) and Investlinx ETFs (€169 million) among others. Listed securities at 31 December 2022 included Forvia (€141 million) and Clarivate (€130 million) among others. Financial assets are investment-grade and high-yield bonds purchased by Exor.(f) Treasury stock includes shares held in treasury at the service of 2016 stock option plan  valued at the option strike price if less than market price.(g) At 31 December 2023 financial liabilities corresponds mainly to the outstanding commitment in Institut Mérieux.(h) Based on 218 735 426 shares at 31 December 2023 and 230 783 267 shares at 31 December 2022.SUMMARY OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS (SHORTENED)Result: Exor closed 2023 with a consolidated profit of €4 194 million  a net decrease of €33 million compared to the previous year. In 2023  the share of the results of subsidiaries and associates increased by €1 747 million and the positive performance of the investment funds contributed €498 million  while 2022 results included a €2 424 million net gain realized on the disposal of PartnerRe .Equity: At 31 December 2023 the consolidated equity attributable to owners of the parent amounts to €23 268 million  a net increase of €2 641 million versus the previous year.Net Financial Position: The consolidated net financial position of the Holdings System at 31 December 2023 is negative €3 968 million  a negative change of €4 763 million compared to the previous year  mainly due to €4 392 million in investments and €996 million in share buybacks  partially offset by €835 million in dividends received from investments.EXOR GROUP – Consolidated Income Statement (Shortened)Years ended 31 December Change€ million 2023 2022 Profit (loss) from investments in subsidiaries and associates: Share of the profit (loss) 3 661 1 914 1 747 Gain on disposal — 2 424 (2 424) Dividends received 835 839 (4) Dividends eliminated(a) (835) (839) 4 Profit (loss) from investments in subsidiaries and associates 3 661 4 338 (677) Profit (loss) from investments at FVTOCI(b) 14 — 14 Profit (loss) from investments at FVTPL 578 80 498 Net financial income (expenses): Profit (loss) from cash  cash equivalents and financial assets 138 39 99 Cost of debt (100) (102) 2 Exchange (losses) gains  net and other (20) (41) 21 Net financial income (expenses) 18 (104) 122 Net recurring general expenses (46) (31) (15) Net non-recurring other (expenses)income (8) (47) 39 Income taxes and other taxes and duties (23) (9) (14) Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent 4 194 4 227 (33)(a) Dividends from investments in subsidiaries and associates which are included in the share of the profit (loss) from investments in subsidiaries and associates are eliminated in the consolidation process.(b) Includes dividends received from Philips (€10 million)  Almacantar Group (€3 million) and FL Entertainment (€1 million).Share of the profit (loss)The share of the results from investments in subsidiaries and associates in the year ended 31 December 2023 is a profit of €3 661 million  an increase of €1 747 million versus the previous year. The increase reflects the positive performance of Exor's investee companies  in particular Stellantis and CNH Industrial  while the 2022 result was affected by the unrealized losses of the fixed income portfolio of PartnerRe.Result(a) Exor’s share(b) Change Years ended 31 December Years ended 31 December € million 2023 2022 2023 2022 Stellantis 18 596 16 799 2 790 2 392 398 CNH Industrial 2 138 1 726 608 471 137 Ferrari 1 252 933 308 228 80 Iveco Group 218 147 60 40 20 Welltec 98 62 47 30 17 The Economist Group(c) 38 37 16 16 — Institut Mérieux(d) 152 111 6 4 2 Exor Ventures 22 (151) 35 (97) 132 Juventus Football Club(e) (189) (157) (121) (100) (21) Other(f) — — (88) (6) (82) PartnerRe(g) — (1 100) — (1 064) 1 064 Share of the profit (loss) of investments in subsidiaries and associates 3 661 1 914 1 747(a) Results attributable to owners of the parents  prepared by each subsidiary and associate for Exor consolidation purposes  which may differ from those published or to be published by each reporting entity in its own financial report. Results reported in foreign currencies have been converted into Euro at the average exchange rate of the year.(b) Including consolidation adjustments  where applicable.(c) The result refers to the period 1 October –30 September.(d) The result 2022 referred to the period 1 July - 31 December 2022.(e) The result refers to the accounting data prepared for consolidation in Exor for the period 1 January – 31 December.(f) Mainly includes the share of the results of GEDI  Shang Xia  Casavo and Lingotto Investment Management.(g) The disposal was completed on 12 July 2022.EXOR GROUP – Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Shortened)At 31 December Change€ million 2023 2022 Investments in subsidiaries and associates 18 725 16 244 2 481 Investments at FVTOCI 4 480 971 3 509 Investments at FVTPL 3 227 1 854 1 373 Other assets (liabilities)  net 804 763 41 Invested capital 27 236 19 832 7 404 Issued capital and reserves attributable to owners of the parent 23 268 20 627 2 641 (less) Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets (318) (5 029) 4 711 Gross debt 4 286 4 234 52 Equity and net financial position 27 236 19 832 7 404Net Financial PositionAt 31 December Change€ million 2023 2022 Bank accounts and time deposits 150 1 860 (1 710) Liquidity funds 66 1 114 (1 048) Short duration and other bond funds 58 2 011 (1 953) Financial assets 35 38 (3) Financial receivables 9 6 3 Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets(a) [A] 318 5 029 (4 711) Exor bonds 3 467 3 475 (8) Bank debt 215 150 65 Other financial liabilities 604 609 (5) Gross debt [B] 4 286 4 234 52 Net financial position of the Holdings System [A-B] (3 968) 795 (4 763)(a) Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets available amount to €768 million (€5 479 million at 31 December 2022) considering also the undrawn committed credit lines for €450 million (€450 million at 31 December 2022).Net change of Net Financial PositionYears ended 31 December € million 2023 2022 Net financial position of the Holdings System - Initial amount 795 3 924 Dividends received from investments (a) 835 839 Investments (4 392) (2 212) Asset disposals(b) — 7 754 Dividends paid by Exor (99) (99) Buyback Exor shares (996) (255) Other changes (111) (1 308) Net change during the year (4 763) 4 719 Net financial position of the Holdings System - Final amount (3 968) 795(a) In 2023 dividends received from Stellantis (€602 million)  CNH Industrial (€132 million)  Ferrari (€81 million)  The Economist (€12 million)  Lingotto Investment Management (€5 million) and Christian Louboutin (€3 million). In 2022 dividends received from Stellantis (€467 million)  PartnerRe (€169 million)  CNH Industrial (€103 million)  Ferrari (€61 million)  Lingotto Investment Management (€19 million)  The Economist Group (€13 million)  Christian Louboutin (€7 million).(b) Mainly due to the disposal of PartnerRe (€7 743 million).(c)DIVIDENDSThe Board of Directors has put forward a proposal to present the 2023 Annual Report for adoption to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders as well as to approve the payment of a €0.46 dividend per share in respect of each issued and outstanding share as of the record date  for a total of approximately €100 million. In 2023  Exor paid a €0.44 dividend per share for a total amount of approximately €100 million.The proposed dividend  to be approved by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  will become payable on 3 June 2024 (ex-dividend date 30 May 2024) and will be paid to the shareholders of record as of 31 May 2024 (record date).2024 OUTLOOKExor N.V. does not prepare budgets or business plans  nor does it publish forecast data or data on the basis of which it is possible to calculate forecast data. Certain Exor operating subsidiaries and associates (Ferrari  Stellantis  CNH Industrial and Iveco Group) publish forecast data on their performance. Other operating subsidiaries (Juventus) publish information on the foreseeable outlook. Additional information is provided under “Review of performance of the main companies” in the Board Report.The forecast data and information of the above mentioned operating companies and associates are drawn up autonomously and communicated by the respective companies and are not homogeneous. Quantitative forecast disclosures prepared by these operating companies and the type of information provided  as well as the underlying assumptions and calculation methods vary according to the accounting principles applicable to each subsidiary and the conventional application practices in the respective sector of reference.Exor N.V. in fact  is an investment holding company without a specific business of reference  whose activity is limited to exclusively or almost exclusively participating in companies without interfering in their business operations  except through the exercise of shareholders' rights.Exor N.V. deems that the forecasted data and information of the subsidiaries and associates are not significant or suitable for the purposes of providing indications about the prospective economic trend of Exor N.V.’s operations  nor represent a forecast or estimate of the company’s results. Therefore  in assessing Exor N.V.’s future prospects  it is not possible to rely on the data and prospective information published by the aforesaid operating subsidiaries and associates.Exor’s Annual Report 2023 will be available on the company’s website at www.exor.com in section Investors & Media - Financial Results.UPCOMING EVENTS11 April 2024: Full-Year 2023 results conference call hosted by Exor's CFO Guido de Boer at 10:00am CEST.The webcast and recorded replay will be accessible under the Investors’ section of Exor’s website (https://www.exor.com/pages/investors-media/financial-results).28 May 2024: Annual General Meeting25 September 2024: Board approval and publication of Half-Year 2024 results26 November 2024: Exor’s annul investor and analyst call  to be held virtuallyABOUT EXORExor N.V. (AEX: EXO) has been building great companies since its foundation by the Agnelli Family. For more than a century  Exor has made successful investments worldwide  applying a culture that combines entrepreneurial spirit and financial discipline. With a Net Asset Value of around EUR 36 billion  its portfolio is principally made up of companies in which Exor is the largest shareholder including Ferrari  Stellantis  CNH Industrial and Philips.For more information  please contact Investor Relations at ir@exor.com or Media at media@exor.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.31,0.32,True,English,"['Exor Press Release', 'FY2023 Results', 'Exor 2023 Annual Report KEY EVENTS', 'reverse Dutch auction tender offer', 'Giovanni Agnelli B.V.', 'next annual general meeting', 'independent alternative investment manager', 'long-term corporate credit rating', '€500 million share buyback program', 'new share buyback program', 'general corporate purposes', 'Credit rating upgrade', 'A- credit rating', 'SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Investment', 'MSCI World Index', 'strong balance sheet', 'Benoît Ribadeau-Dumas', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Net Financial Position', 'Euro MTF Market', 'future capital increases', 'Net Asset Value', 'New bond issue', 'share price performance', 'Exor Holdings System', 'Philips Supervisory Board', 'new program', ""Juventus' capital increase"", 'annual coupon', 'short-term rating', 'Net profit', 'offer period', 'fair value', 'Value ratio', 'market purchases', 'new funds', 'Investment Entity', 'Portfolio diversification', 'PartnerRe sale', '€5.4 billion cash', 'LTV ratio', 'Ordinary dividend', 'AGM approval', 'first half', 'relationship agreement', 'total invested', 'following 12 months', 'aggregate consideration', 'zero premium', 'irrevocable undertaking', 'total consideration', 'attractive discount', 'offering period', 'pre-emptive rights', 'stable” outlook', 'issue price', 'share buybacks', 'total amount', 'aggregate amount', 'nominal amount', 'ordinary shares', 'back shares', 'IFRS measures', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Standard & Poor', 'portfolio companies', 'EXOR DELIVERS', 'Lingotto funds', '11 April', '33% GROWTH', 'NAV', '31 December', 'Ferrari', 'Stellantis', 'Investments', 'year-end', '1 January', 'evolution', 'company', 'date', 'reporting', 'Years', 'owners', 'parent', '4,194 4,227 Dividends', '835 839 Dividends', 'APM', 'reconciliation', 'pages', 'stake', '14 August', 'result', '20 February', 'election', 'shareholders', '7 May', 'Completion', 'March', '13 September', 'opportunity', 'terms', 'transaction', '14 September', '13 October', 'accordance', 'Support', '6 October', 'portion', 'commitment', 'contribution', 'maximum', '21 December', 'full', '4 April', 'funding', '9 November', 'BBB+', '14 February', 'bonds', 'debt', 'notes', 'trading', 'Clarivate', '15.1', '795', '2.']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39183,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/G-CITY-LTD-56536857/news/G-City-Annual-Report-2023-46415828/,G City : Annual Report 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Dear Shareholders    2023 was a challenging year for the nation  with the events of October 7th and the ensuing war that is still ongoing today  which took us all by surprise and created a complex reality. On the one hand the econo…,"Dear Shareholders  2023 was a challenging year for the nation  with the events of October 7th and the ensuing war that is still ongoing today  which took us all by surprise and created a complex reality. On the one hand the economy is carrying on in a kind of routine fashion with business being conducted as usual  while on the other hand a fierce war is being waged  which has been and continues to exact a heavy price  and a significant part of the residents of the South and of the North have not yet been able to return to their homes. On the Group level too  we experienced a challenging year  however packed with action and achievements  the fruit of some of which we can already see and some of which will see in the near future  during 2024 and thereafter. On the macro level  interest and inflation dominated and we too were affected by them. The fact that over 90% of our rental agreements are linked to the CPI contributed to an increase in NOI of 8.8% from income-producing properties  offsetting the effects of the war due to the discounts granted to tenants in Israel  an increase of 9.9%. On the other hand  we saw an increase in interest rates that affected the Cap Rate of our properties and in the last quarter we absorbed a decrease of NIS 400 million in the value of our holdings in the subsidiary  Citycon. The decline in inflation and expected drop in the interest rate in the coming year allowed for cautious optimism regarding the direction that the discount rates will go and as a result  the value of our income-producing properties. About eighteen months ago  Atrium became a private company  which in turn became G City Europe  and we are today beginning to see the fruits of these measures  as during the year we completed its assimilation as a private company  we replaced its management  cut its workforce by 60%  and significantly reduced other costs. We sold properties worth EUR 850 million and in fact  centralized the company in Poland  primarily in Warsaw. These measures are reflected in the double digit growth in our operating parameters in G City Europe. In the coming years we will continue selling off several additional properties to focus almost exclusively on Warsaw and very large properties where there has been and is expected to continue being significant growth. The commercial real estate sector worldwide  and also here  is in a good place with high occupancy of 96% and rentals that continue to grow  retail stores that increase their sales turnover each year and most important  with visitor traffic that continues to grow and this year increased in our malls by 4% compared to last year. We can also say that the ecommerce sector  that in the past raised concerns of competition for retailers  has reached a situation where synergy with the physical stores is a winning recipe  and therefore we see more and more online brands opening physical stores in shopping centers and the threat has in fact become an advantage and another tool in our arsenal for promoting sales and traffic in the properties. The location of the properties remains significant with focus on high-density urban areas with high accessibility to public transport  economic scarcity and of course  the right mix that addresses day-to-day needs and services together with entertainment and food. Mixed uses is also beneficial and we are indeed adding residential apartments and office space to existing properties  that will create a balance between the various parts of the property; the commercial areas benefit from additional visitors and the apartment tenants and offices benefit from the existing infrastructure for services and various consumer providers in the commercial center. The Live Work Play model is a winning model and the option of having everything in one place is time saving and also good for sustainability.We must remember that historically  commercial centers were built on large plots of land with low floor area ratio (FAR) and in recent years we have witnessed crowding in existing properties with higher construction rate in densely populated areas  such as those where our properties are located  which is quite naturally expected to increase the value of our properties. At the end of 2022  we announced our strategic plan for business focus and lowering of the Company's leverage by NIS 6 billion  after which we grew to NIS 7 billion. Up until the date of writing of these lines  we have completed disposals worth NIS 4.2 billion  and with the exception of Russia  we sold all the properties at prices similar to their carrying value. We sold our entire Russian portfolio and 30% of our holdings in Brazil  which has significantly improved the Company's risk profile. Because of these measures we are very close to the business focus we aspire to: Israel  the USA and Poland  centralizing a large part of our property portfolio (23%)  where there was a change in government this year in democratic elections  strengthening confidence in doing business there. Alongside the extensive activities in implementing the disposal plan  the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries raised debt of NIS 2.1 billion this year and at the same time repaid debts in the amount of NIS 3.4 billion. Furthermore  by the date of publication of this report  we extended repayment of revolving lines of credit in an amount of NIS 1.2 billion  which were repayable in 2024  until 2027-2028 We are tirelessly working to continue implementing the disposal plan and we believe that we will complete all the sales we have planned over the next two years. As part of this  we will act to sell properties that are not part of our core properties  at their carrying value  and we will continue to focus on improving our properties in Israel  the USA and Poland  while further reducing our exposure in Brazil. The positive trend in the Group's properties will continue into 2024 as well. We are working to continue streamlining  with significant actions taken to reduce administrative and general costs  as we successfully did during the year. We are spending much effort to help the management of Citycon implement the plan of action for focusing on its strong properties and to generate value  to reduce administrative and operating expenses  to sell off properties that are not core properties and to reduce leverage. We want to thank all our stakeholders who expressed their faith in us throughout this challenging year. The events of October 7 and the war that broke out as a result overshadowed everything that came before and continues to affect us all  probably forever. On behalf of myself and all my colleagues at G City  in Israel and worldwide  I hereby send condolences to the families of the victims and of the soldiers who have fallen in battle. We wish those injured speedy and full recovery and for the safe return of all the hostages. We hereby send our support and encouragement to our soldiers and officers in the South and in the North. We wish everyone better days ahead. Sincerely  Chaim KatzmanTHIS DOCUMENT IS AN ENGLISH TRANSLATION OF THE HEBREW VERSION OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FOR THE YEAR 2023 (THE ""REPORTS""). THE HEBREW VERSION OF THE REPORTS IS THE BINDING VERSION AND THE ONLY VERSION HAVING LEGAL EFFECT. THE ENGLISH TRANSLATION HAS BEEN CREATED FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONVENIENCE ONLY. THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS WAS GIVEN TO THE HEBREW VERSION ONLY AND NO SUCH APPROVAL HAS BEEN GIVEN TO THE ENGLISH TRANSLATION. PERIODIC REPORT FOR 2023 Chapter A - Description of the Company's Business 2 Chapter B - Directors' Report on the State of the Company's Affairs 92 Chapter C - Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31  2023 164 Chapter D - Additional Details Regarding the Company (Including a Corporate 272 Governance Questionnaire) Chapter E - Separate Financial Statements as of December 31  2023 317 Chapter F - Annual Report on the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial 343 Reporting and the DisclosureCHAPTER A DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Company Operations and Description of the Development of its Business 2 Investments in the Company's capital and transactions in its shares in the last 8 two years Dividend distributions in the last two years 9 Financial information concerning the Company's operating segments 10 Financial environment and the effects of external factors on the Company's 15 operations Acquisition  development and operation of shopping centers in Northern Europe 29 Acquisition  development and operation of shopping centers in Central and 40 Eastern Europe G Israel 45 Gazit Brazil 49 Gazit Horizons 46 Supplementary activities of the Company that do not comprise a separate 53 segment Required adjustments at the Group level 54 Issues relevant to all fields of operation of the Group 55G-CITY LTD. DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS City Ltd. (the ""Company"") 1 Periodic Report on the Description of the Company's Business The Company's operations are described on a consolidated basis  unless explicitly stated otherwise. Description of the general development of the Company's business and brief description of the Company's areas of operation 1. Company Operations and Description of the Development of its Business 1.1 G City Group - General The Company  directly and through its private and public investees (together: ""the Group"")  engages in management  improvement  development and purchase of income-producingmixed-use real estate properties  including commercial  residential and office properties that supply the needs of the population  in North America  Israel  Brazil  Northern  and Central Europe  with the focus on densely populated urban cities. The Group's strategy is to focus on properties and areas that have potential for expanding building rights and increasing value and cash flows through proactive management  betterment  addition of uses  development and redevelopment  and the Company explores business opportunities in its operating sectors and in related or other operations in its operating sectors and in additional regions At the same time  the Group acts to sell properties that are non-core assets or assets that the Group believes have limited growth potential and/or are in areas where the Group wishes to cut back its operations  whether by selling an individual property and/or group of properties  and/or by selling part of its holdings in the companies that own properties in these areas. In accordance with the Company's strategy  in recent years the Company made efforts to increase the rate of its private real estate (i.e.  operations not held through public companies)  and as part of this in February 2022 the Company completed a transaction to buy out the minority interests in G City Europe Limited (G Europe) (formerly: Atrium European Real Estate Limited)  which was a public company controlled by the Company and whose shares have been delisted from trading on the stock exchanges in Vienna and Amsterdam. Since February 2022  the Company holds 100% of G Europe. For further information  see section 7.1 of the Report. The Group operates in Israel directly through the Company and in other territories through its subsidiaries  in which the Company exclusively plans strategy and oversees their management: G Europe (100%) operating in Central Europe  Gazit Horizons Inc. (100%) in the United States (""Gazit Horizons"") and a wholly owned subsidiary operating in Canada (""Gazit Canada"")  including through a partnership Gazit Tripllle (60%). In addition  the Company operates in Brazil mainly through Gazit Malls Fll (82%)  a real estate investment fund 2 owned and controlled by the Company (indirectly)  incorporated in Brazil and that was listed in an IPO for trading in February 2024 on the stock exchange in Brazil (""Gazit Malls"") (as set out in section 9C below)  and through other subsidiaries in Brazil wholly owned by the Company (jointly - ""Gazit Brazil""). Furthermore  the Group operates in Northern Europe through Citycon Oyj (""CTY"")  a public company controlled by the Company (49.6%)  that has a similar strategy to that of the Company. The operations of the Company in Israel  of G Europe  Gazit Brazil  Gazit Horizons and CTY are consolidated in the Company's financial statements and constitute as separate operating segments of the Company. As part of the Group's strategy to focus on urban properties  while strengthening equity and lowering leverage  during the reporting period the Company proactively adopted several significant measures  as follows: Disposal of non-core assets or assets that the Company has accomplished their improvement. As part of this  in the reporting period until the publication date of this report  the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries sold properties to the value of NIS 4 billion. For further information regarding the Company's strategic plans to dispose of properties  see section 1.2 below. The Company was incorporated in May 1982  and is listed for trading on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange Ltd. since 1983 under the symbol ""GCT"". 'FII' - Fundo De Investimento Imobiliario. 2G-CITY LTD. DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS Gazit Malls IPO for an amount of BRL 301 million (NIS 226 million) by way of a tender offer of part of the Company's holdings  that was completed on February 1  2024 1 . A private equity placement in an amount of NIS 150 million  in which several leading institutional investors as well as the parent company and controlling shareholder of the Company (through a company under its control) took part For further information  see section 2 of the Report. Suspension of the dividend distribution policy - during the reporting period the Company's Board of Directors decided that it will not distribute a dividend to the Company's shareholders for 2023. Similarly  on March 28  2024  the Company's Board of Directors decided not to distribute a dividend to the Company's shareholders in the first quarter of 2024. The Company's Board of Directors will convene and review the Company's dividend distribution policy for the following quarters of 2024  including based on progress in the execution of the plan for disposal of properties announced by the Company on October 25  2022 and as updated from time to time  as set out below  and additional considerations  subject to the distribution tests set out in the Companies Law  1999 (the ""Companies Law""). 1.2 On October 25  2022  the company published a property disposition plan for non-core group properties  which is updated from time to time (""the Property Disposition Plan""). According to the Property Disposition Plan  the company intends to sell properties with a total value of NIS 7.0 billion in Europe  Brazil  the United States and Israel. As of the date of the plan's publication until the publication date of this report  the company and its fully owned subsidiaries have entered into binding agreements for the sale of properties totaling NIS 4.0 billion  at book values (excluding the sale of assets in Russia). The actual dispositions scope of the properties and the group's progress in their implementation  including the pace of property preparation for sale in different territories where the group operates  are dynamic and executed in accordance with market conditions in these territories and the company's management discretion  while considering macroeconomic factors and specific considerations for the company and balance between the company's needs and the properties' value. Below is a breakdown of the status of the plan for the disposal of properties (NIS million): In advanced Completed negotiations Being marketed Total Under a letter of intent G Europe 2 816 1 096 1 278 5 190 Israel 154 - 145 299 Gazit Horizon 567 - - 567 Gazit Brazil* 498 368 38 904 Total 4 035 1 464 1 461 6 960 1.3 Furthermore  G Europe completed obtaining secured financing for properties in Europe of EUR 237 million  and the Company intends to act to obtain financing that will be secured by additional debt-free properties (mainly properties in Europe)  for some of which it has obtained non-binding letters of intent  for a cumulative amount exceeding EUR 235 million. 1 For further information see immediate reports dated December 31  2023  January 28  2024 and February 1  2024 (Ref. Nos.: 2023-01-118024 2024-01-010548  and 2024-01-012318  respectively) noted herein by way of reference. 3G-CITY LTD. DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS The Company's estimates regarding the sale of properties  as well as the scope of properties that will be sold  the consideration to be received for them and the dates of sale and receipt of financing for them  constitute forward-looking information as defined in the Securities Law  1968. The foregoing estimates are uncertain  may not materialize and mostly are not within the control of the Company  and are dependent  among other things and as set out above  on the state of the economy and the real estate market in the various countries in which the properties are located and in which the Company operates. If the foregoing market conditions change  it is possible that changes and/or delays will occur regarding the disposal of the foregoing properties. Furthermore  in February 2024 CTY announced its plan for streamlining and disposal of properties for an amount of EUR 950 million (for further information see section 6.1 below). The Group's assets as of December 31  2023: Income- Properties GLA Country of producing under Other (sq.ms in operation Holding interest property development assets thousands) Finland  Norway  CTY Sweden  Estonia 50.9% 34 - - 1 011 and Denmark G Europe Poland and Czech 100.0% 15 - - 400 Republic Gazit Brasil Brazil (Sao Paulo) 100.0% 6 - 1 150 G Israel Israel 100.0% 10 3 - 156 Gazit Horizons USA 100.0% 11 3 1 67 Gazit Canada Canada 100.0% 1 - - 18 Total carrying amount 77 6 2 1 802 Jointly controlled properties (proportionate consolidation) 8 - - 79 Total 85 6 2 1 881 Investment property and investment property under development Income- Properties producing under property development 1 Land Total Country of operation NIS millions Finland  Norway  CTY Sweden  Estonia 15 450 27 - 15 477 and Denmark G Europe Poland and Czech 8 179 326 669 9 174 Republic Gazit Brasil Brazil (Sao Paulo) 2 387 - 67 2 454 G Israel Israel 3 679 364 753 4 796 Gazit Horizons USA 1 582 923 204 2 709 Gazit Canada Canada 183 - - 183 Total carrying amount 31 460 1 640 1 693 34 793 Jointly controlled properties 1 356 342 - 1 698 (proportionate consolidation) Total 32 816 1 982 1 693 36 491 1 Including extensions to income-producing properties. Additionally  the Company and its subsidiaries own land for future development as well as unutilized construction rights for different uses (including residential) in income-producing existing properties. 4G-CITY LTD. DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS 1 2 Breakdown of the properties classified as assets held for sale included in the Group's total assets as of December 31  2023: Country Number of properties Carrying Value NIS millions G Europe Czech Republic 2 2 0751 Gazit Brasil Brazil (Sao Paulo) 1 347 Gazit Horizons USA 1 555 Total carrying amount 4 2 9772 Including land in Romania at an amount of NIS 28 million Of the balance  the sale of properties for a total amount of NIS 1 590 million were completed subsequent to reporting date. As of December 31  2023  the Company does not have a principal tenant 1 and as of that date  the tenants that generate the highest revenue for the Company and its subsidiaries  out of all its tenants  are Kesko  a leading supermarket chain in the Nordic countries  the income from which represented 3% of the Company's (consolidated) rental income in 2023; and S-Group  a Finish chain that engages  among other things  in the travel  supermarket and hospitality sectors  the income from which represented 2.5% of the Company's (consolidated) total rental income in 2023. Description of the Company's business and business development in the different territories in which it operates: Private operations :Israel - As of reporting date  the Company owns 13 G Malls in Israel worth NIS 4 796 million  with focus on the Gush Dan area. During the year the Company completed the expansion and renovation of the G Savyon property where 5 300 sq.m of commercial space was added. In addition  the Company has development projects for offices and retail spaces in the Company's existing properties  which are in the planning and execution stages  including the Tel Hashomer project for construction of rental apartment buildings and the construction on a high-rise office tower in Rishon LeZion in the Company's G City complex  which is expected to be completed in 2026. Simultaneously  under the property disposal plan  in the reporting period  the Company completed a transaction for selling the G Yavne shopping center. For further information  see section 8 of the Report.Central Europe - In Central Europe the Group operates through G Europe  the shares of which were listed  until February 18  2022  on the Vienna Stock Exchange (VSE) in Austria and on the NYSE Euronext in Amsterdam  the Netherlands. As of reporting date  G Europe owns 15 properties to a value of NIS 9.21 billion. For further information concerning the merger between G Europe and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company  see section 1.1 above. G Europe operates mainly in Warsaw  Poland and Prague  the Czech Republic. As part of the Group's property disposal plan  during and subsequent to the reporting period G Europe completed transactions for the sale of properties for a total amount of EUR 576 million. As part of this  in April 2023  G Europe sold its property portfolio in Russia in order to reduce its exposure to the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. Simultaneously  G Europe continued to implement its strategy of increasing its operations in the rental residential sector and to date it owns 1 788 rental apartments and 441 such units under development. For further information  see section 7 of the Report. 1 As this term is defined in the Draft Securities Regulations (Details  Structure and Form of a Prospectus)  1969  published in December 2013  which anchor the disclosure guideline on investment property activity (as published by the Israel Securities Authority in January 2011). 5G-CITY LTD. DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS USA - Gazit Horizons  the Group's private real-estate branch in the United States  operates in densely populated urban areas in large cities in the US  mainly in New York  Boston  Florida and Philadelphia and as of reporting date  it owns (including with partners) 11 income-producing properties worth USD 434 million. In the reporting period Gazit Horizons continued the development of an exclusive residential tower in Tampa  Florida (together with a local partner)  and it is expected to be handed over in 2024. Simultaneously  as part of its property disposal plan  in January 2024  Gazit Horizons completed the sale of a property in the United States for USD 153 million. For further information  see section 10 of the Report. Brazil - as of reporting date  the Group holds 5 properties in Brazil worth NIS 2 085 million through Gazit Malls Fll  which is a real estate investment fund1 incorporated in Brazil under the Company's control (indirect)  which as aforesaid  in February 2024 was listed for trading in an IPO by way of a tender offer and the Company currently holds (indirectly) 82%. In addition  the Group has two properties in Brazil worth NIS 369 million  held through a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (indirectly). During the reporting period and pursuant to the Group's property disposal plan  Gazit Brazil completed transactions for the sale of its share in two commercial centers in Brazil for BRL 562 million and BRL 93 million (totaling NIS 485 million). For further information  see section 9 of the Report. Canada - As of 2019  the Company operates in Toronto  Canada through Gazit Canada  mainly through a partnership Gazit Tripllle (60%)  which owns 7 properties worth a total of CAD 108 million (including through joint transactions)  including a 33% holding in a property in which a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company holds a further 33%  and the rest is held by a third party  as set out in section 11.1 below. Public Holdings: Northern Europe - in Northern Europe  the Group operates through CTY  a public company whose shares are traded on the Helsinki Stock Exchange (OMX) in Finland. CTY operates in Finland  Norway  Sweden  Estonia and Denmark. As of reporting date  CTY owns 34 properties to a value of NIS 15.5 billion. In the reporting period  CTY enhanced its property portfolio and strengthened its balance sheet. In this context  in November 2022  CTY announced its intention to sell off its non-core properties to a total value of EUR 500 million and in February 2024  CTY decided to increase the target of property sales to a total amount of EUR 950 million  planned to be sold over a period of 24 months  and announced a number of other streamlining measures. Simultaneously  in the first quarter of 2023  CTY completed the development of residential buildings close to the Lippulavia property. For further information  see section 6 of the Report. 1.8 Group structure For a description of the structure of the principal companies in the Group as of December 31  2023  see to section 1.7 of the Directors Report. The Group description will be presented below  divided according to the areas of operation set forth below  except for with regarding to information that is relevant to all areas of operation  which will be presented together  and except for information on specific topics related to a description of the Company itself  which will be presented separately. The information included in the descriptions of each of the areas of operation of real estate for investment  will be presented according to the primary geographic regions where the operations in that area are concentrated. 1 'FII' - Fundo De Investimento Imobiliario. 6",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.23,0.37,True,English,"['G City', 'Annual Report', 'The Live Work Play model', 'low floor area ratio', 'commercial real estate sector', 'G City Europe', 'double digit growth', 'various consumer providers', 'entire Russian portfolio', 'high-density urban areas', 'higher construction rate', 'several additional properties', 'winning model', 'ecommerce sector', 'commercial areas', 'significant growth', 'various parts', 'additional visitors', 'commercial center', 'Cap Rate', 'populated areas', 'Dear Shareholders', 'October 7th', 'complex reality', 'one hand', 'routine fashion', 'other hand', 'heavy price', 'significant part', 'Group level', 'near future', 'macro level', 'rental agreements', 'last quarter', 'interest rate', 'cautious optimism', 'discount rates', 'other costs', 'operating parameters', 'coming years', 'good place', 'high occupancy', 'retail stores', 'physical stores', 'winning recipe', 'online brands', 'shopping centers', 'high accessibility', 'public transport', 'economic scarcity', 'right mix', 'day needs', 'Mixed uses', 'residential apartments', 'office space', 'existing infrastructure', 'one place', 'large plots', 'recent years', 'strategic plan', 'risk profile', 'large part', 'property portfolio', 'democratic elections', 'extensive activities', 'disposal plan', 'challenging year', 'last year', 'ensuing war', 'fierce war', 'income-producing properties', 'large properties', 'existing properties', 'sales turnover', 'visitor traffic', 'apartment tenants', 'private company', 'carrying value', 'business focus', 'nation', 'events', 'surprise', 'economy', 'kind', 'residents', 'South', 'North', 'homes', 'action', 'achievements', 'fruit', 'inflation', 'fact', 'CPI', 'increase', 'NOI', 'effects', 'discounts', 'Israel', 'decrease', 'holdings', 'subsidiary', 'Citycon', 'decline', 'direction', 'result', 'Atrium', 'measures', 'assimilation', 'management', 'workforce', 'Poland', 'Warsaw', 'rentals', 'malls', 'past', 'concerns', 'competition', 'retailers', 'situation', 'synergy', 'threat', 'advantage', 'tool', 'arsenal', 'location', 'course', 'services', 'entertainment', 'food', 'balance', 'offices', 'option', 'everything', 'time', 'sustainability', 'FAR', 'crowding', 'end', 'lowering', 'leverage', 'NIS', 'date', 'writing', 'lines', 'disposals', 'exception', 'prices', 'Brazil', 'USA', 'change', 'government', 'confidence', '9.']",2024-04-11,2024-04-12,marketscreener.com
39184,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/weekly-report-april-5-11-2024-on-the-first-tranche-of-stellantis-2024-share-buyback-program-1033245391,Weekly Report (April 5-11  2024) on the First Tranche of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program,Report (April 5-11  2024) on the First Tranche of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  April 12  2024 - Stellantis N.V.,Weekly Report (April 5-11  2024) on the First Tranche of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  April 12  2024 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the 2024 Share Buyback Program announced on February 28  2024  covering up to €1 billion to be executed in the open market during the period between February 28  2024 and June 5  2024  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between April 5 up to and including April 11  2024:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 05-apr-24 1 117 193 €24.5223 €27 396 186.05 MI 05-apr-24 175 213 €24.5105 €4 294 557.73 CEUX 05-apr-24 38 298 €24.5137 €938 826.24 TQEX Total 1 330 704 €24.5205 €32 629 570.01Since February 28  2024 up to and including April 11  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 21 103 441 common shares for a total consideration of € 534 386 526.50.As of April 11  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 163 193 738 common shares equal to 4.05% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis’ ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis’ ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis’ ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis’ ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis’ ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis’ ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis’ ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis’ relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis’ ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.34,0.39,True,English,"['2024 Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'April', 'Stellantis', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'internal combustion engines', 'exchange rate fluctuations', '2024 Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'electronic control systems', 'special voting shares', 'other market risks', 'bold strategic plan', 'innovative, attractive products', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'global financial markets', 'interest rate changes', 'following common shares', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'information technology systems', 'open market', 'Citroën', 'share capital', 'innovative brands', 'inherent risks', 'required volumes', 'local economic', '21,103,441 common shares', '163,193,738 common shares', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'future financial', 'other changes', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'Date Number', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'remaining emissions', 'anticipated results', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'closing date', 'current state', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'industry-wide transition', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'electric batteries', 'competitive performance', 'new businesses', 'significant malfunction', 'security breach', 'credit risk', 'raw materials', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'TQEX Total', 'total consideration', 'ambitious target', 'future events', 'similar terms', 'full electrification', 'regional tariffs', 'Stellantis’ vehicles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'April', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'period', 'June', 'fees', 'Venues', 'CEUX', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enhanced', 'connectivity', 'cost', 'acquisitions', 'disruption', 'increases', 'supply', 'shortages', 'parts', 'components', 'imposition', 'enactment']",2024-04-12,2024-04-12,markets.businessinsider.com
39185,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/businesswire/bm3eac-corp-2023-annual-report/,BM3EAC Corp. 2023 Annual Report,BM3EAC Corp. (the “Company”)  a shell company that was incorporated on 21 April 2021 under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam ,AMSTERDAM–(BUSINESS WIRE)–BM3EAC Corp. (the “Company”)  a shell company that was incorporated on 21 April 2021 under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam  today published its annual report for the period 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023.The full report can be downloaded from the Company’s website via the following link: https://www.brigadem3eac.com/documentsIMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DISCLAIMERThis announcement is not for distribution or release  directly or indirectly  and should not be distributed in or sent into  the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan  the Cayman Islands or South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which such distribution or release would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures.The Company’s annual report referenced in this announcement may include forward-looking statements  which are based on the Company’s current expectations and projections regarding a business combination  the business  the economy and other future conditions of the Company and speak only as of the date hereof. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth or strategies. The Company shall have no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this announcement.ContactsENQUIRIESBM3EAC Corp.c/o Brigade Capital Management  LP 399 Park Avenue  16th FloorNew York  NY 10022Email: BrigadeM3EAC@brigadecapital.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['BM3EAC Corp.', '2023 Annual Report', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Brigade Capital Management', 'LP 399 Park Avenue', 'other future conditions', 'future events', 'other jurisdiction', 'other measures', 'BM3EAC Corp.', 'Cayman Islands', 'limited liability', 'annual report', 'full report', 'following link', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'forward-looking statements', 'current expectations', 'current view', 'financial position', '16th Floor', 'New York', 'other risks', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'inside information', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'business combination', 'actual results', 'shell company', 'exempted company', 'The Company', 'press release', '21 April', 'laws', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'website', 'brigadem3eac', 'documents', 'meaning', 'Article', 'DISCLAIMER', 'announcement', 'distribution', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'registration', 'projections', 'economy', 'date', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'obligation', 'Contacts', 'ENQUIRIES', 'Email', 'brigadecapital']",2024-04-12,2024-04-12,dutchnews.nl
39186,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-management-increases-share-ownership-161500402.html,VEON management increases share ownership,(NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces an increase in management’s ownership of VEON shares through awards under its existing equity incentive-based compensation plans.,"VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  12 April 2024 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces an increase in management’s ownership of VEON shares through awards under its existing equity incentive-based compensation plans. VEON is utilising certain of the 92 459 532 common shares issued to VEON Holdings BV  announced on 1 March 2024  to satisfy the awards made.Augie Fabela  Chair of the Remuneration and Governance Committee  commented on the awards set out in the table below  saying  ""The equity awards are a testament to our belief in aligning management's incentives with value creation and shareholder returns. These awards recognize the contributions and key roles of our top three executives in successfully driving future success for the VEON Group.”Figures represent the ADS equivalents of VEON common shares awarded Short-Term Incentive 20231 Project Award2 Special Award3 Long-Term Incentive 2024 Award4 Kaan Terzioglu 57 248 240 169 Joop Brakenhoff 10 515 8 778 2 102 95 913 Omiyinka Doris 5 832 7 524 82 211In connection with these above mentioned share awards  VEON’s Group Executive Committee (“GEC”) received a total of 2 299 995 VEON common shares (equal to 91 999 VEON American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”)) within the scope of the VEON’s Deferred Share plans  and the GEC were granted a total of 10 457 359 VEON common shares (equal to 418 294 ADSs) as a part of the LTI plans. The grant amounts set out in the table above reflect the net award amounts transferred to each of the GEC members after deducting shares to cover withholding taxes (as applicable)  save for the LTI 2024 awards which are unvested and reflect the gross award amounts.As previously announced  GEC members are required to accrue and maintain a minimum level of VEON shares. This will be equivalent to 6.0x the annual base salary for the Group CEO and 2.0x the annual base salary for the other GEC members.Story continues1 The STI 2023 share awards were granted as part of VEON’s Deferred Share Plan. The Deferred Share grant  which represents 50% of the Short-Term Incentives (“STI”) scheme  relates to the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 and is deferred into shares under the Deferred Share grant rules. The shares vested immediately and are required to be held for period of two years from 16 February 2024.2 A ‘Project Award’ was granted as part of VEON’s Deferred Share Plan to Joop Brakenhoff and Omiyinka Doris for their contributions to successfully completing a key project. The shares vested immediately and are required to be held for one year from 5 March 2024.3 A ‘Special Award’ was granted to GEC member  Joop Brakenhoff  as part of VEON’s Deferred Share Plan granted in December 2021 and is now fully vested.4 The Long-Term Incentive (“LTI”) 2024 share grant is awarded in relation to the three-year period from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026. The vesting of these shares is linked to the relative TSR performance to VEON’s peer group which will be assessed at the end of the plan period.About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.Important NoticeThis release does not contain or constitute an offer or sale or the solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the ""Securities Act"")  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or an available exemption from  or transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s governance  strategy and share compensation plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact Information:VEONHande AsikGroup Director of Communicationpr@veon.com",neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,mixed,0.25,0.33,0.42,True,English,"['VEON management', 'share ownership', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'existing equity incentive-based compensation plans', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Hande Asik Group Director', '20231 Project Award2 Special Award3', 'Deferred Share grant rules', 'The Deferred Share grant', '91,999 VEON American Depositary Shares', 'United States Securities Act', 'The STI 2023 share awards', 'share compensation plans', 'Deferred Share plans', 'The Long-Term Incentive', 'top three executives', 'annual base salary', 'relative TSR performance', 'Long-Term Incentive 2024 Award4', 'net award amounts', 'gross award amounts', 'Group Executive Committee', 'global digital operator', 'VEON Holdings BV', 'other GEC members', 'VEON common shares', '2024 share grant', 'grant amounts', 'equity awards', 'LTI plans', '92,459,532 common shares', 'Short-Term Incentive', 'key project', 'Group CEO', 'peer group', 'other things', 'digital services', 'plan period', 'VEON Group', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'Augie Fabela', 'Governance Committee', 'value creation', 'shareholder returns', 'key roles', 'future success', 'ADS equivalents', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'Joop Brakenhoff', 'Omiyinka Doris', 'withholding taxes', 'minimum level', 'two years', 'one year', '160 million customers', 'six countries', 'technology-driven services', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'available exemption', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'looking statement', 'VEON Ltd', 'VEON shares', 'three-year period', 'registration requirements', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'LTI 2024 awards', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'incentives', '12 April', 'NASDAQ', 'increase', 'management', 'ownership', '1 March', 'Chair', 'Remuneration', 'table', 'testament', 'belief', 'contributions', 'Figures', 'connection', 'total', 'ADSs', 'scope', 'part', 'Story', 'scheme', '1 January', '31 December', '16 February', '5 March', 'relation', 'vesting', 'end', 'world', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'release', 'offer', 'sale', 'solicitation', 'transaction', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'strategy', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'forward', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'Communication']",2024-04-12,2024-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
