UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
53741,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crkl3d6pegpo,Mysterious drones have been spotted at night at airports across Europe. How worried should we be?,Drones have been found across Western Europe near airports  military bases and power plants  as part of a suspected programme of 'hybrid warfare',"Mysterious drones have been spotted at night at airports across Europe. How worried should we be?2 days ago Share Save Frank Gardner Security correspondent Share SaveBBCFirst comes the warning  that disembodied voice over the tannoy: ""Your attention please. Air siren in the city. Please move to the shelter on the minus second floor."" Then comes the mosquito-like whine of the incoming Russian drones  massing in their hundreds just above the clouds. It's followed immediately by the rattle of anti-aircraft fire  the distant thud of explosions  then finally the ominous klaxon call of ambulance and fire sirens. This is the grim reality of night time in Kyiv and other cities across Ukraine. These are attack drones that explode on impact. Drones are now an integral part of modern warfare  but they are not confined to the battlefield. Across western Europe  far from Ukraine  unarmed drones have also been found buzzing around airports  military bases and power plants  all part of a suspected programme of ""hybrid warfare"" being waged by Russia  with some speculating they're arriving to test the resilience of certain Nato countries that are helping Ukraine.Reuters Drone sightings around critical infrastructure across Europe  including in Belgium  have sparked fear in a number of Nato countriesRecent drone sightings in Poland  along with a swathe spotted around critical infrastructure across Europe  including in Belgium and Denmark  have sparked fear across some Nato countries. Now  there is talk that a ""drone wall"" is to be designed to protect parts of Europe - but just how necessary is this  really? And more pertinently  how realistic?A wake-up call to EuropeOn 9 September  around 20 Russian drones overshot Ukraine and flew into Poland  forcing the closure of four airports. Nato jets were scrambled and several of the drones were shot down - the rest crashed across Poland  scattering debris in multiple regions. This was a wake-up call to Europe  marking one of the largest and most serious breaches of Nato airspace since the war in Ukraine began. Which is why discussion about a possible drone wall seems ever more pressing.AFP via Getty Images On 9 September  around 20 Russian decoy drones flew into Poland""This momentum is really driven by these recent incursions "" explains Katja Bego  senior research fellow in the international security programme at Chatham House think tank. Drones - or to give them their official title  Uncrewed Aerial Systems (UAS) or Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) - have already transformed the battle space. On the killing fields of eastern Ukraine  they tend to be small short-range ones  typically measuring around just 10 inches  and they carry lethal explosive devices. But these are not currently the threat to the rest of Europe. It is the larger drones - some of which can potentially fly well over 1 000km - that are fuelling calls for a European drone wall. Previously Russia imported a type known as Shahed 136 drones from Iran but now it produces its own version: the Geran 2. Some Gerans were among the drones that flew into Poland in September.So  what  some are now asking  if Russia one day sent over 200 drones? Or  say  2 000? How would Nato respond - and in fact  could it respond? After all  deploying fighter jets each time would be expensive. André Rogaczewski  CEO of Netcompany  a Danish IT services firm that builds digital systems for European governments  argues: ""[It] is neither effective nor a sensible use of taxpayers' money.""A plague of mysterious dronesUkraine has stepped up its own long-range drone attacks on Russian airports and critical infrastructure like petrochemical plants  bringing the war home to ordinary Russians. Then there are sea drones: uncrewed vessels that can travel either on or below the surface  as used with devastating effect by Ukraine against Russia's Black Sea fleet. But there is something that is in some ways more sinister than clearly identifiable drones used by countries that are openly at war. That is: the plague of mysterious  anonymous drones that have appeared.Sometimes these turn up in the dead of night  around Europe's airports  including one in Belgium's main airport near Brussels earlier this month. There have also been similar sightings in Denmark  Norway  Sweden  Germany and Lithuania. Unlike the clearly identifiable Russian attack drones in Ukraine  these ""civilian drones"" in Western Europe have not – so far – been armed with any explosives. But being anonymously launched  it's hard to prove where they come from or who activated them - or indeed if they are being launched from passing ships. Suspicions fall on Russia with Western intelligence officials believing Moscow is using proxies to launch these short range drones locally to cause havoc and disruption. The Kremlin denies any responsibility. Belgium is one significant target  as the home to Nato headquarters  the European Union and Euroclear (the financial clearing house that handles trillions of dollars of international transactions).AFP via Getty Images 'From a European perspective  there is only one country… willing to threaten us and that is Russia ' argued Denmark's Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen in OctoberThere is an ongoing debate around whether Europe should release around €200bn worth of frozen Russian assets  held in Belgium  to help Ukraine. So is it a coincidence that mystery drones have appeared around Brussels and Liege airports  as well as a military base? The UK has sent a team of counter drone specialists from the RAF Regiment  deployed from RAF Leeming in North Yorkshire  to help bolster Belgium's defences against the drones. Still  the mystery drones are worrying: both because of the danger posed to aircraft as they take off and land but also because of the risk of surveillance  especially around military bases and critical infrastructure such as power plants.Drone wall: why it's not a silver bulletThe plan for a drone wall is Europe's response to the threat of cross-border incursions by drones launched specifically from Russia. The wall has been described as an integrated  coordinated  multi-layered defence system stretching initially from the Baltic states to the Black Sea. It's likely to comprise a combination of radars  sensors  jamming and weapons systems to detect incoming drones - and then to track and destroy them. EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas has said a new anti-drone system should be fully operational by the end of 2027.Global Images Ukraine via Getty Images Russia originally imported a type of drone known as Shahed 136 drones from IranNot surprisingly  those countries keenest to see it deployed quickly - including Poland and Finland- are those geographically closest to Russia. Katja Bego believes it is necessary - and long overdue. But she adds: ""This is not just about drones. There is really not enough in place in terms of more traditional missile defence  air defence  along the Eastern flank borders."" Nonetheless  a drone wall is not a silver bullet for air defence. And others aren't convinced it's entirely realistic. Robert Tollast  a research fellow at Whitehall think tank The Royal United Services Institute (RUSI)  argues that the idea of some ""sort of impervious wall""  is  in his words  out of the question. Yet he can still see why there are calls for it and wants to try.Global Images Ukraine via Getty Images People in Kyiv and other cities across Ukraine are facing the consequences of attack drones""For countries that are close to the Russian border – the Baltics  Poland  Germany as well because of course they're within range of those long-range drones - it is absolutely essential to try and build something like this "" he says. ""The idea here would be not so much to actually build a full-on wall  or something that's fully impenetrable""  agrees Ms Bego. ""It's not really possible - both in terms of the length and also just the available technologies are not 100% foolproof... But rather you're looking at a combination of things that hopefully can capture different types of drones and stop them.""Stopping drones: Hard kills vs jammingFabian Hinz  a research fellow at The International Institute for Strategic Studies in London describes a whole menu of options to detect drones. ""You can have acoustic detection; airborne radars that can detect low flying targets really well; ground-based radars that have very short ranges against low-flying targets but [that] still work really well against high flying targets. ""You can have optical systems  infrared systems - and once the detection is done you have either soft kill or hard kill."" Hard kill means destroying the drone  either with gunfire or missiles. Soft kill means making an incoming drone ineffective  usually through electronic means.Troops at the crash site of a Russian drone in eastern Poland on 10 September this year. That day  the Polish government reported 19 incursions from Russian drones  at least three of which were shot down by Polish and other NATO aircraft.Russia and Ukraine have been able to get around soft kills on the battlefield by packing their drones with tens of kilometres worth of fibre-optic cable that spools out as it flies  but that's not an option for something travelling hundreds of kilometres across borders. As for hard kills  Mr Hinz describes many ways of achieving them: from surface-to-air missiles to fighter jets and helicopters. ""You can have lasers which could be useful as well "" he adds  ""but [these] are not quite the one the wonder weapon people make them out to be."" André Rogaczewski believes jamming can be effective as an alternative. Ultimately  however  for any drone wall to be effective  it needs to be able to deal with a wide variety of aerial threats  possibly all coming at once.EPA/Shutterstock People look at debris of a Geran-2  among destroyed Russian military equipment on display in KyivA financially controversial questionAs tensions between Europe and Russia have risen since Moscow's full-scale invasion of Ukraine  so too have other incidents of so-called ""hybrid"" or ""grey zone"" warfare attributed to Russia  which in most cases denies them. These include cyber attacks  disinformation campaigns  incendiary devices inserted into cargo depots  surveillance and sometimes sabotage of undersea cables. And yet at a security forum in Bahrain earlier this month  Admiral Giuseppe Cavo Dragone  the Italian chairperson of Nato's Military Committee  told me that of all Nato's defence needs right now  air defence is the top priority.Anadolu via Getty Images Adm Giuseppe Cavo Dragone says that of all Nato's defence needs right now  air defence is the top priorityThe first stages of the drone wall are due to be activated within months  though not all details have been finalised. Meanwhile  Nato's Allied Command Transformation (ACT) based in Norfolk  Virginia is working on longer-term solutions. This is not an easy challenge. Mr Tollast says the main challenge of the drone wall is the sheer scale of the area which needs to be protected. ""You need a huge range of tactical radars for low flying drones and larger radars for higher altitude targets  across thousands of kilometres. ""And you need cost effective interceptors and forces to be ready around the clock. It will never be watertight  and even as costs of some radars and interceptors fall  it's very unlikely to be cheap.""The question of finance is a complex one. ""It is a really difficult defence question "" says Mr Tollast. ""Even with rising European defence expenditure  there's still going to be a lot of competition from other sectors in defence [for that funding] - we need more ships  submarines  nuclear weapons even  satellites as well. ""So this is why a drone wall will remain this sort of slightly financially controversial issue for some people."" It will potentially be funded from a mixture of EU money  national budgets (especially in Eastern Europe) and interest from frozen Russian assets. Initially  says Ms Bego  the drone wall referred to defences across the Eastern flank  but since the the EU has been spearheading this  they've been expanding it.""Everyone recognises something needs to happen and there is a need to co-ordinate this and to mobilise money for this  but the who and what is very much under discussion... ""The more foolproof you would want it to be  the more expensive it gets"". As for the target date  Mr Tollast believes 2027 is very ambitious - but adds  ""they can definitely achieve more protection by then"".Shoot the archer  not the arrowWhile all of this is going on  the task of building the wall is becoming ever harder. Because as fast as new counter-drone measures are introduced  up pops a new form of drone threat that can overcome them. This all makes it something of a new arms race. ""The development cycles for technologies in this space are hyper-accelerated  above all in conflict environments "" says Josh Burch  co-founder of Gallos Technologies  a UK-based company that invests in security technology. ""It means that any defence against drones will rapidly be rendered outdated as aggressors adjust. ""The aggressor""  he concludes  ""will observe  adjust  repeat – until they get through"".AFP via Getty Images Many have died or been wounded in Ukraine from Russian drone and missile strikesSo are we asking the wrong question altogether? Rather than building a drone wall to stop the drones  is it better to target the bases launching the drone themselves - as the old saying goes  shoot the archer  not just the arrow. ""It's one thing to become more resilient against it  but it would be much better if it did not happen at all "" argues Ms Bego. ""And that's really around making it much clearer to Russia  or whichever actor is behind this  that this kind of behaviour crosses the line. It has consequences and comes with the costs for them. And that's important. It should really be part of this."" But any suggestion of Nato hitting Russian targets – kinetically  as opposed to digitally in cyberspace – would be incredibly risky and escalatory. Ever since Russia carried out its full-scale invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 the challenge for Nato  and especially its most powerful member the US  has been to help Ukraine to defend itself but without getting drawn into a Nato-Russia war. Building a defensive drone wall in Europe is one thing. Attacking the places where those drones are launched from is quite another. Top picture credit: Getty Images  Sketchfab",negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,mixed,0.03,0.15,0.82,True,English,"['Mysterious drones', 'night', 'airports', 'Europe', 'Frank Gardner Security correspondent Share Save', 'Danish IT services firm', 'Chatham House think tank', 'identifiable Russian attack drones', 'financial clearing house', 'senior research fellow', 'international security programme', 'Unmanned Aerial Vehicles', 'lethal explosive devices', 'one significant target', 'long-range drone attacks', 'Reuters Drone sightings', 'possible drone wall', 'Black Sea fleet', 'ominous klaxon call', 'Western intelligence officials', 'Recent drone sightings', 'Uncrewed Aerial Systems', 'short range drones', 'incoming Russian drones', '20 Russian decoy drones', 'European drone wall', 'mysterious, anonymous drones', '20 Russian drones', 'similar sightings', 'recent incursions', 'digital systems', 'sea drones', 'uncrewed vessels', 'international transactions', 'Mysterious drones', 'wake-up call', 'European governments', 'European Union', 'European perspectiv', 'Russian airports', 'Air siren', 'second floor', 'anti-aircraft fire', 'distant thud', 'fire sirens', 'grim reality', 'other cities', 'modern warfare', 'unarmed drones', 'military bases', 'power plants', 'hybrid warfare', 'critical infrastructure', 'multiple regions', 'serious breaches', 'Getty Images', 'Katja Bego', 'official title', 'battle space', 'killing fields', 'small short-range', 'larger drones', 'Shahed 136 drones', 'Some Gerans', 'fighter jets', 'André Rogaczewski', 'sensible use', ""taxpayers' money"", 'petrochemical plants', 'ordinary Russians', 'devastating effect', 'main airport', 'civilian drones', 'The Kremlin', 'Nato jets', 'Nato airspace', 'Nato headquarters', 'Nato countries', 'western Europe', 'integral part', 'four airports', 'night time', 'eastern Ukraine', '200 drones', 'BBC', 'warning', 'voice', 'tannoy', 'attention', 'city', 'shelter', 'minus', 'mosquito-like', 'whine', 'hundreds', 'clouds', 'rattle', 'explosions', 'ambulance', 'Kyiv', 'impact', 'battlefield', 'resilience', 'Belgium', 'fear', 'number', 'Poland', 'swathe', 'Denmark', 'talk', 'parts', '9 September', 'closure', 'debris', 'largest', 'discussion', 'AFP', 'momentum', 'UAS', 'UAVs', '10 inches', 'threat', 'rest', '1,000km', 'calls', 'type', 'Iran', 'version', 'fact', 'CEO', 'Netcompany', 'effective', 'plague', 'surface', 'something', 'ways', 'dead', 'Brussels', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'Germany', 'Lithuania', 'explosives', 'passing', 'ships', 'Suspicions', 'Moscow', 'proxies', 'havoc', 'disruption', 'responsibility', 'home', 'Euroclear', 'trillions', 'dollars']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,bbc.com
53742,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/627908-belgium-eu-russian-assets-ukraine-loan/,EU to spread legal costs of attacking Russian assets – Politico,The EU has reportedly pledged to back Belgium against legal risks from using frozen Russian assets to back Ukraine loan Read Full Article at RT.com,Belgium has been resisting the bloc’s plan to leverage the funds to back Ukraine loan  citing legal and financial risksThe EU has pledged to spread the financial and legal risks of using Russia’s frozen central-bank assets to fund the government in Kiev  Politico reported on Monday. Belgium  where most of the money is held  has rejected the plan without such guarantees.The European Commission is seeking to issue a €140 billion ($160 billion) loan secured against the immobilized sovereign assets held at the Euroclear clearing house in Belgium. The scheme is based on the assumption that Moscow will eventually pay reparations to Ukraine  an outcome widely seen as unlikely. Russia has said it regards any use of its assets as “theft” and has vowed a legal response.According to Politico  Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has circulated a memo to EU capitals spelling out how member states would share the risks with Belgium. The document says the bloc is prepared to cover potential legal and financial fallout even if disputes arise years later.Belgium  which has a bilateral investment treaty with Russia dating back to 1989  has warned it could face lengthy and costly litigation if Moscow mounts a legal challenge. Von der Leyen said the guarantees would also cover obligations stemming from bilateral investment treaties.Around $200 billion of the roughly $300 billion in Russian sovereign reserves frozen by the West since 2022 are held at Euroclear. The clearinghouse has threatened to sue the EU if the bloc attempts to confiscate the assets.The memo reportedly also set out two fallback options should governments ultimately decide against using the Russian funds. Both alternatives would require the EU to pony up its own resources to support Kiev  thus shifting the burden onto European taxpayers.European Commissioner for Economy Valdis Dombrovskis said last week that the bloc cannot continue providing loans to Ukraine in light of growing concerns over Kiev’s ability to repay them.The Kremlin has warned that channeling Russian funds to Ukraine would “boomerang ” and threatened to target up to €200 billion in Western assets held in Russia in retaliation.,neutral,0.01,0.72,0.27,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['legal costs', 'Russian assets', 'EU', 'Politico', 'Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'The European Commission', 'bilateral investment treaty', 'bilateral investment treaties', 'two fallback options', 'Euroclear clearing house', 'Russian sovereign reserves', 'The Kremlin', 'European taxpayers', 'European Commissioner', 'sovereign assets', 'member states', 'costly litigation', 'Russian funds', 'Valdis Dombrovskis', 'growing concerns', 'legal response', 'potential legal', 'legal challenge', 'financial fallout', 'central-bank assets', 'Western assets', 'legal risks', 'financial risks', 'EU capitals', 'Ukraine loan', 'Belgium', 'bloc', 'plan', 'government', 'Kiev', 'Politico', 'Monday', 'money', 'guarantees', '€140 billion', 'scheme', 'assumption', 'Moscow', 'reparations', 'outcome', 'memo', 'document', 'disputes', 'lengthy', 'obligations', 'clearinghouse', 'alternatives', 'resources', 'burden', 'Economy', 'loans', 'light', 'ability', 'retaliation']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,rt.com
53743,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/627913-eu-gdp-cut-finance-ukraine/,EU proposes cut of members’ GDP to finance Ukraine – Bloomberg,One EU option to fund Ukraine would reportedly require member states to slash GDP if they refuse to back seizure of frozen Russian assets Read Full Article at RT.com,Brussels reportedly plans to offer bloc countries a choice between paying $100 billion  taking on joint debt  or seizing Russia’s frozen moneyThe EU has reportedly told its members that should a controversial plan to leverage Russian assets frozen in Belgium to finance Ukraine prove unworkable  it will seek a cut of each member state’s GDP to put up cash to Kiev.According to a document circulated earlier this month and cited by Bloomberg  the bloc wants to issue a loan of around €140 billion ($160 billion) to Ukraine  using Russia’s immobilized central-bank reserves as collateral and repayable if Russia pays war reparations.Belgium  which has jurisdiction over Euroclear  the clearing house where most of Russia’s frozen sovereign assets are held  has rejected the proposal outright  insisting that the bloc and its members share the financial and reputational risks. Euroclear also vowed to sue the EU if such a plan goes ahead.According to a European Commission letter cited by the outlet  the EU nations would need to either cough up at least €90 billion ($100 billion) in direct payments to Kiev over 2026 and 2027 or take on joint debt to issue a loan if the seizure plan does not work. Funneling money into Ukraine directly would cost the bloc’s member states between 0.16% and 0.27% of their GDPs  the document said.Providing a loan would require the EU nations to “provide legally binding  unconditional  irrevocable and on-demand guarantees ” according to the paper. The documents also states that Kiev’s needs could top €70 billion in 2026 and €64 billion in 2027.Servicing a collective loan for Kiev would result in up to €5.6 billion in annual interest payments for the EU  the Financial Times has earlier reported.The EU has already stretched legal definitions by classifying the interest generated on the frozen funds as windfall profits as not belonging to Russia and using the funds to arm Kiev. The new plan hinges on the assumption that Russia will repay the loan as part of future reparations to Ukraine – an outcome widely deemed improbable.Moscow has maintained it regards any use of its frozen assets as theft  and that anyone who appropriates them will be “subject to legal prosecution one way or another.”,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['members’ GDP', 'EU', 'cut', 'Ukraine', 'Bloomberg', 'European Commission letter', 'binding, unconditional, irrevocable', 'annual interest payments', 'direct payments', 'joint debt', 'central-bank reserves', 'war reparations', 'clearing house', 'reputational risks', 'demand guarantees', 'legal definitions', 'windfall profits', 'future reparations', 'legal prosecution', 'controversial plan', 'seizure plan', 'new plan', 'Russian assets', 'sovereign assets', 'The EU', 'EU nations', 'member states', 'Financial Times', 'bloc countries', 'collective loan', 'Brussels', 'choice', 'money', 'members', 'Belgium', 'Ukraine', 'GDP', 'cash', 'Kiev', 'document', 'Bloomberg', 'collateral', 'jurisdiction', 'Euroclear', 'proposal', 'outlet', 'paper', 'needs', 'funds', 'assumption', 'part', 'outcome', 'Moscow', 'theft']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,rt.com
53744,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.politico.eu/article/document-commission-pledges-to-protect-brussels-over-russian-assets/,EU Commission pledges to protect Belgium over Russian assets,Brussels offers concessions to wary Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever over €140 billion Ukraine loan.,Belgium fears that using the assets would leave it exposed to Russian legal action at home and abroad  as the sanctioned cash is held in the Brussels-based financial depository Euroclear. De Wever is demanding financial guarantees from the rest of the bloc to protect itself against the Kremlin's lawyers  who could convince a court of law to send the money back to Moscow.This is a major concern for Belgium  which has a bilateral investment treaty with Russia  first signed in 1989.“The guarantees would also relate to risks stemming from bilateral investment treaties that are linked to the immobilisation of the Russian sovereign assets ” von der Leyen wrote.The memo includes two other financing options to consider if the Russian assets are not used to fund the loan. Both would see the EU pay out of its own pocket to prop up Ukraine.Von der Leyen's letter comes after she met De Wever on Friday  following weeks of talks between the two sides over using the Russian assets.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.29,0.69,True,English,"['EU Commission', 'Russian assets', 'Belgium', 'Brussels-based financial depository Euroclear', 'two other financing options', 'bilateral investment treaty', 'bilateral investment treaties', 'von der Leyen', 'Russian legal action', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'two sides', 'financial guarantees', 'Russian assets', 'De Wever', 'major concern', 'Belgium', 'home', 'cash', 'rest', 'bloc', 'Kremlin', 'lawyers', 'court', 'money', 'Moscow', 'risks', 'immobilisation', 'memo', 'loan', 'pocket', 'Ukraine', 'letter', 'Friday', 'weeks', 'talks']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,politico.eu
53745,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globalsecurity.org/wmd/library/news/ukraine/2025/11/ukraine-251116-sputnik02.htm,EU Split Deepens Over Plan to Redirect Russia's Frozen Reserves to Defense  Ukraine,If the EU countries make the decision to use frozen Russian state assets  they are likely to spend the money on the European defense industry and rearmament  French Minister Delegate for European Affairs Benjamin Haddad said.,"EU Split Deepens Over Plan to Redirect Russia's Frozen Reserves to Defense  UkraineSputnik News20251116MOSCOW (Sputnik) - If the EU countries make the decision to use frozen Russian state assets  they are likely to spend the money on the European defense industry and rearmament  French Minister Delegate for European Affairs Benjamin Haddad said.The European Commission is trying to get the EU countries to use the Russian Central Bank's assets to finance Ukraine's war effort. On November 8  Belgian news agency Belga reported that around 140 billion euros ($161 billion) in Russian money could be used as a so-called reparations loan  which Ukraine will only repay if it receives ""compensation for material damage from Moscow."" Belgium opposes the plan over fears of legal consequences.""European funds or  for example  the use of frozen assets  if a compromise is reached on the framework for such use  would go toward financing the European defense industry and European armaments "" Haddad told the LCI broadcaster.There is still no consensus among EU nations on what to do with Russian state assets  Haddad said. France insists any scenario must comply with international law.At the October 23 summit  EU leaders failed to agree on the Commission's proposal to use frozen Russian Central Bank assets as the basis for a Ukraine loan. The issue will be revisited at the European Council meeting from December 18-19.Following the start of Russia's military operation in Ukraine in 2022  the European Union and the G7 froze nearly half of Russia's foreign currency reserves  totaling about 300 billion euros. Around 200 billion euros are held in European accounts  predominantly at the Belgian-based clearing house Euroclear.The Russian Foreign Ministry criticized the move as a theft. On November 12  Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that the Commission's proposal to issue a ""reparations loan"" to Ukraine backed by immobilized Russian assets was illegal and warned that Moscow would retaliate.© SputnikNEWS LETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.34,0.66,True,English,"['Frozen Reserves', 'EU', 'Plan', 'Russia', 'Defense', 'Ukraine', 'Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova', 'frozen Russian Central Bank assets', 'The Russian Foreign Ministry', 'GlobalSecurity.org mailing list', 'Belgian news agency Belga', 'frozen Russian state assets', 'foreign currency reserves', 'French Minister Delegate', 'Belgian-based clearing house', 'European Council meeting', 'European defense industry', 'The European Commission', 'Russian assets', 'frozen assets', 'Frozen Reserves', 'Russian money', 'NEWS LETTER', 'European Affairs', 'European funds', 'European armaments', 'European Union', 'European accounts', 'Sputnik News', 'war effort', '140 billion euros', 'reparations loan', 'material damage', 'legal consequences', 'LCI broadcaster', 'international law', 'October 23 summit', 'military operation', '300 billion euros', '200 billion euros', 'Email Address', 'EU countries', 'EU nations', 'EU leaders', 'Benjamin Haddad', 'Ukraine loan', 'Plan', 'MOSCOW', 'decision', 'rearmament', 'November', 'compensation', 'Belgium', 'fears', 'example', 'compromise', 'framework', 'consensus', 'France', 'scenario', 'proposal', 'basis', 'issue', 'December', 'start', 'G7', 'half', 'Euroclear', 'move', 'theft', '©']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globalsecurity.org
53746,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://voxeurop.eu/en/belgiums-caution-frozen-russian-assets-ukraine/,Belgium’s caution on frozen Russian assets betrays Ukraine,Belgium’s refusal to seize Russia’s frozen billions to help Ukraine is framed as prudence. In reality  it shields profit over principle — and risks turning Europe’s financial heart into a refuge for aggression.,At the 80th United Nations General Assembly in New York in late September 2025  Belgium’s newly appointed Prime Minister Bart De Wever dismissed the European Commission’s proposal to use profits from frozen Russian assets to support Ukraine  declaring flatly that such a move “will never happen.” Standing before global leaders in New York  De Wever said: “Taking Putin’s money and leaving the risks with us. That’s not going to happen  let me be very clear about that.” He added that such a move could undermine trust in the eurozone if member states’ reserves were seen as subject to political decision-making.Less than a month later  at the EU summit in Brussels on 23 October  De Wever doubled down. He insisted that Belgium needed “concrete and solid guarantees” before backing the plan  calling it “uncharted territory.” His government’s stance was defensive: Euroclear  the Brussels-based clearing house holding around €200 billion in immobilised Russian central bank assets  must not be exposed to litigation or financial losses. Some commentators tried to frame this as a softening of his earlier stance. It wasn’t. It was the same hardline rhetoric  dressed differently – and designed  perhaps  to buy time and deflect criticism.In recent weeks  De Wever has slightly adjusted his tone  recasting Belgium’s position as “constructive but cautious.” After a technical meeting with the European Commission on 7 November  he insisted that Belgium remains open to discussion only if other member states share the legal and financial risks. In essence  the rhetoric has softened  but the substance remains unchanged – the same refusal  now wrapped in procedural language and conditional promises.Belgium has since portrayed its resistance as prudent financial stewardship. But critics across Europe  from Berlin to Vilnius  see it differently – as an act of obstruction that prioritises the comfort of bankers over the moral duty to hold Moscow accountable. What De Wever describes as “protecting Belgium’s interests” increasingly looks like protecting a lucrative flow of interest income from frozen Russian funds.Beneath the language of caution lies something far more corrosive: a willingness to protect profit over principles and human lives  even as a brutal aggression rages on Europe’s doorstep.Europe is sitting on Russia’s blood money  yet Brussels dithers. While Ukraine fights for survival  Belgium’s prime minister shields bankers from risk. Let’s be clear: dictators already hide their fortunes in Dubai  offshore havens  and gold vaults. Pretending that seizing Russia’s frozen billions would suddenly shatter global trust in the euro is a lie. This isn’t prudence—it’s cowardice dressed as caution. And when Europe’s richest economy – Germany – calls for action  Belgium’s veto looks less like hesitation and more like complicity.If Europe’s financial system protects the blood-stained billions of Putin’s war sponsors more carefully than it protects Ukraine’s children  then something is deeply rotten at the heart of that economic orderWhat risks are greater than allowing Russia to finance its war machine while Europe preaches values it refuses to enforce – while the same Russia conducts hybrid warfare operations across EU soil  including in Belgium? Belgium’s own turf has seen suspected pro-Kremlin networks and covert influence campaigns — a clear sign that the war we debate is already in Europe’s backyard.Yet even as these threats unfold at home  Belgium’s leaders seem more preoccupied with hypothetical risks to the eurozone than with the real dangers already at their doorstep. If Belgium’s concern is that other countries might withdraw their reserves from the eurozone  then perhaps those countries already plan to follow Russia’s path. Those who intend to wage war  crush freedoms  and defy international law don’t entrust their treasure to Belgium out of goodwill – they conceal it through dark networks  corrupt elites  and financial loopholes.De Wever’s rhetoric also carries an unmistakable note of arrogance. By framing his refusal as the only “responsible” path  he paints leaders like Germany’s Friedrich Merz  Commission President Ursula von der Leyen  and the Baltic and Polish governments as reckless dreamers – sentimental moralists who don’t understand the “real world.” In doing so  he trivializes their courage and mocks the very idea that principles still have a place in politics. His posture suggests that moral clarity is naïve  and that only bankers grasp reality. But history rarely remembers those who hid behind caution – it remembers those who acted when it mattered most.This debate is not about “confidence in the euro.” It’s about whose interests Europe protects. Euroclear  the Brussels-based clearing house that holds most of the frozen assets  profits from safeguarding blood-soaked wealth. Belgium fears legal liability  but Europe should fear something far greater: the collapse of its credibility. How can the EU preach solidarity with Ukraine while blocking the most direct path to making the aggressor pay?Let’s even grant De Wever the benefit of the doubt. Let’s say he’s 100% right – that using frozen Russian assets could make the eurozone a less “safe” place to park sovereign funds.Good! That’s really good!Europe should never be a safe haven for criminals  oligarchs  or genocidal regimes. If Europe’s financial system protects the blood-stained billions of Putin’s war sponsors more carefully than it protects Ukraine’s children  then something is deeply rotten at the heart of that economic order. The eurozone should be a sanctuary for lawful states  not for war profiteers hiding behind legal technicalities.De Wever claims he’s protecting financial stability  but in truth he’s protecting comfort – the comfort of bankers and investors who prefer predictable profits to moral courage. His argument is a velvet shield for those who have always benefited from neutrality  from sitting on the fence while others fight tyranny. By dressing moral cowardice as financial prudence  Belgium’s populist leader sends a dangerous signal: Europe’s banks are open for business  no matter the crime.Meanwhile  German Chancellor Friedrich Merz  leader of Europe’s strongest economy  has dared to back the plan. He understands that Ukraine’s resilience depends on mobilising resources at scale – not tomorrow  but today. Against this  the Belgian prime minister’s objections sound scandalous. They echo the old European disease: moral cowardice disguised as pragmatism  financial comfort elevated above justice.If Europe cannot find the courage to turn Putin’s frozen billions into weapons of freedom  then it will not just fail Ukraine. It will fail itself. History will not forgive those who sheltered bankers while a free nation was left to bleed.,negative,0.0,0.42,0.58,negative,0.01,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'Belgium', 'caution', 'Ukraine', 'Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', '80th United Nations General Assembly', 'Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Brussels-based clearing house', 'hybrid warfare operations', 'covert influence campaigns', 'other member states', 'prudent financial stewardship', 'member states’ reserves', 'same hardline rhetoric', 'European Commission', 'Russian assets', 'Russian funds', 'frozen assets', 'financial losses', 'financial system', 'financial loopholes', 'New York', 'late September', 'political decision-making', 'solid guarantees', 'recent weeks', 'technical meeting', 'conditional promises', 'moral duty', 'lucrative flow', 'interest income', 'human lives', 'brutal aggression', 'offshore havens', 'gold vaults', 'richest economy', 'blood-stained billions', 'economic order', 'pro-Kremlin networks', 'clear sign', 'real dangers', 'other countries', 'international law', 'dark networks', 'corrupt elites', 'unmistakable note', 'Friedrich Merz', 'Polish governments', 'reckless dreamers', 'sentimental moralists', 'real world', 'moral clarity', 'blood-soaked wealth', 'same refusal', 'financial risks', 'EU summit', 'frozen billions', 'EU soil', 'responsible” path', 'direct path', 'same Russia', 'earlier stance', 'procedural language', 'blood money', 'global trust', 'war sponsors', 'war machine', 'hypothetical risks', 'legal liability', 'global leaders', 'Belgium', 'proposal', 'profits', 'Ukraine', 'move', 'Putin', 'eurozone', '23 October', 'concrete', 'plan', 'Euroclear', 'litigation', 'commentators', 'softening', 'criticism', 'tone', 'position', '7 November', 'discussion', 'essence', 'substance', 'resistance', 'critics', 'Berlin', 'Vilnius', 'act', 'obstruction', 'comfort', 'bankers', 'Moscow', 'interests', 'caution', 'something', 'willingness', 'principles', 'doorstep', 'survival', 'dictators', 'fortunes', 'Dubai', 'prudence', 'cowardice', 'Germany', 'veto', 'hesitation', 'complicity', 'children', 'heart', 'What', 'values', 'turf', 'backyard', 'threats', 'home', 'concern', 'freedoms', 'treasure', 'goodwill', 'arrogance', 'Baltic', 'courage', 'idea', 'place', 'politics', 'posture', 'reality', 'history', 'debate', 'confidence', 'collapse', 'credibility', 'solidarity', 'aggressor']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,voxeurop.eu
53747,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188830/0/en/Euronext-announces-tender-offer-on-existing-EUR-2026-Bonds-and-intention-to-launch-a-new-bonds-issuance.html,Euronext announces tender offer on existing EUR 2026 Bonds and intention to launch a new bonds issuance,Euronext announces tender offer on existing EUR 2026 Bonds and intention to launch a new bonds issuance  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan ...,"Euronext announces tender offer on existing EUR 2026 Bonds and intention to launch a new bonds issuanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 17 November 2025 – Euronext N.V. (the Offeror) announces today an invitation to holders of its outstanding €600 000 000 0.125 per cent. Bonds due 2026 (ISIN: DK0030485271) (of which €600 000 000 in aggregate principal amount currently remains outstanding) (the Bonds) to tender any and all such Bonds for purchase by the Offeror for cash (such invitation  the Offer).The Offer is being made on the terms and subject to the conditions (including  but not limited to  the New Issue Condition (as defined below)) described in the tender offer memorandum dated 17 November 2025 (the Tender Offer Memorandum) prepared by the Offeror in connection with the Offer  and is subject to the offer restrictions set out below  as more fully described in the Tender Offer Memorandum. For detailed terms of the Offer  please refer to the Tender Offer Memorandum  copies of which are (subject to distribution restrictions) available from the Tender Agent as set out below. Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this announcement shall have the meanings given to them in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Summary of the OfferA summary of certain terms of the Offer appears below:Descriptionof the Bonds ISIN /Common Code OutstandingPrincipal Amount MaturityDate PurchasePrice Amount subject to theOffer €600 000 000 0.125%Bonds due 2026 DK0030485271/233898490 €600 000 000 17 May2026 99.05per cent. Any and allRationale for the OfferThe purpose of the Offer and planned issuance of the New Bonds (as defined below) is to proactively manage the overall maturity profile of the Offeror’s debt in an efficient manner. The Offer also provides Holders with the opportunity to sell their current holdings in the Bonds and  if they so wish  apply for priority in the allocation of the New Bonds  as more fully described below in “Allocation of the New Bonds”.It is the current intention of the Offeror to redeem the Bonds that are not purchased by the Offeror pursuant to the Offer on their maturity date.Bonds purchased by the Offeror pursuant to the Offer will be cancelled and will not be re-issued or re-sold.Purchase Price and Accrued Interest PaymentsSubject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the New Issue Condition  the Offeror will  on the Settlement Date  pay for any Bonds validly tendered and accepted for purchase by it pursuant to the Offer a fixed cash purchase price for such Bonds (the Purchase Price) equal to 99.05 per cent. of the principal amount of the Bonds.The Offeror will also  subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the New Issue Condition on or prior to the Settlement Date  make an Accrued Interest Payment in respect of any Bonds validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer.Any and all Offer and No ScalingIf the New Issue Condition is satisfied (or waived) and the Offeror decides to accept for purchase any valid tenders of Bonds pursuant to the Offer  the Offeror will accept for purchase all of the Bonds that are validly tendered and there will be no scaling of any tenders of Bonds for purchase (the final aggregate principal amount of Bonds accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer being the Final Acceptance Amount).New Issue ConditionThe Offeror also announced today its intention to issue a series of new euro-denominated fixed rate bonds (the New Bonds)  subject to market conditions.Whether the Offeror will purchase any Bonds validly tendered in the Offer is subject  without limitation  to the successful completion (in the sole determination of the Offeror) of the issue of the New Bonds (the New Issue Condition)  or the waiver of such condition.Even if the New Issue Condition is satisfied (or waived)  the Offeror is under no obligation to accept for purchase any Bonds tendered pursuant to the Offer. The acceptance for purchase by the Offeror of Bonds validly tendered pursuant to the Offer is at the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror.Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an offer to buy or sell  or a solicitation of an offer to sell or buy  any New Bonds (and tenders of Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer will not be accepted from Holders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. Any investment decision to purchase any New Bonds should be made solely on the basis of the information contained in the prospectus to be prepared by the Offeror in connection with the issue and listing of the New Bonds (including any amendment or supplement thereto  the Prospectus)  and no reliance is to be placed on any representations other than those contained in the Prospectus. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations  a preliminary prospectus (the Preliminary Prospectus) dated on or about 17 November 2025 relating to the New Bonds is available from the Dealer Managers (in their capacity as active bookrunners of the issue of the New Bonds) on request. Holders who may wish to subscribe for New Bonds should carefully consider all of the information in the Preliminary Prospectus and (once published) the Prospectus  including (but not limited to) the risk factors therein.For the avoidance of doubt  the ability to purchase New Bonds is subject to all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any relevant jurisdiction (including the jurisdiction of the relevant Holder and the selling restrictions set out in the Prospectus). It is the sole responsibility of each Holder to satisfy itself that it is eligible to purchase the New Bonds.The New Bonds are not being  and will not be  offered or sold in the United States. Nothing in this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the New Bonds in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or delivered in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act)) absent registration under  or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of  the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. The New Bonds have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States.Compliance information for the New Bonds:EU MiFID II professionals/ ECPs-only/UK MIFIR professionals/ECPs-only/No EU PRIIPs or UK PRIIPs KID – eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No sales to EEA or UK retail investors; no key information document has been or will be prepared. No sales in Belgium to consumers within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law dated 28 February 2013  as amended.See the Preliminary Prospectus and (once published) the Prospectus for further information.No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the New Bonds that would permit a public offering of securities where such public offering would lead to a requirement to publish a prospectus or a similar requirement  and the New Bonds shall be registered in VP System in minimum nominal amounts equal to €1 000 and may only be initially subscribed and thereafter traded and transferred in minimum principal amounts of €100 000 and in multiples of €1 000 in excess thereof.Allocation of the New BondsWhen considering allocation of the New Bonds  the Offeror may give preference to those Holders that  prior to such allocation  have validly tendered or have given a firm intention to the Dealer Managers that they intend to tender their Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer. Therefore  a Holder that wishes to subscribe for New Bonds in addition to tendering its existing Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer may be eligible to receive  at the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror  priority in the allocation of the New Bonds  subject to the issue of the New Bonds  the selling restrictions that will be contained in the Prospectus relating to the New Bonds and such Holder making a separate application for the purchase of such New Bonds to the Dealer Managers (in their capacity as active bookrunners of the issue of the New Bonds) in accordance with the standard new issue procedures of such active bookrunners. Any such preference will  subject to the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror  be applicable up to the aggregate principal amount of Bonds tendered by such Holder (or in respect of which such Holder has indicated a firm intention to tender as described above) pursuant to the Offer. However  the Offeror is not obliged to allocate any New Bonds to a Holder that has validly tendered or indicated a firm intention to tender its Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer and  if any such New Bonds are allocated  the principal amount thereof may be less or more than the principal amount of Bonds tendered by such Holder pursuant to the Offer. Any such allocation will also  among other factors  take into account the minimum principal amount of the New Bonds for any transfer (being €100 000).All allocations of the New Bonds  while being considered by the Offeror as set out above  will be made in accordance with customary new issue allocation processes and procedures in the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror. In the event that a Holder validly tenders Bonds pursuant to the Offer  such Bonds will remain subject to such tender and the conditions of the Offer as set out in the Tender Offer Memorandum irrespective of whether that Holder receives all  part or none of any allocation of New Bonds for which it has applied.Holders should note that the pricing and allocation of the New Bonds are expected to take place prior to the Expiration Deadline for the Offer and any Holder that wishes to subscribe for New Bonds in addition to tendering existing Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer should therefore provide  as soon as practicable  to the Dealer Managers any indications of a firm intention to tender Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer and the quantum of Bonds that it intends to tender.Tender InstructionsIn order to participate in  and be eligible to receive the Purchase Price and Accrued Interest Payment pursuant to  the Offer  Holders must validly tender their Bonds for purchase by delivering  or arranging to have delivered on their behalf  a valid Tender Instruction that is received by the Tender Agent by 5.00 p.m. (CET) on 24 November 2025 unless extended  re-opened  amended and/or terminated as provided in the Tender Offer Memorandum (the Expiration Deadline).Holders holding Bonds directly in the VP System or through a participant or sub-participant of the VP System (other than those held in Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream and  together with Euroclear  the Clearing Systems and each a Clearing System)) must  in order to be eligible to participate in the Offer in the manner specified in the Tender Offer Memorandum  (i) arrange for the Bonds which they wish to tender to be transferred to an account in either of the Clearing Systems and (ii) maintain or  where relevant  procure access to an account in either of the Clearing Systems through which such Bonds can be traded  and to which both the Purchase Price and the applicable Accrued Interest Payment may be credited by the Offeror.Holders who do not have access to an account  as described above  in either of the Clearing Systems (either directly or through a Direct Participant or other intermediary)  or who do not transfer the Bonds which they wish to tender to a Direct Participant in either Clearing System  will not be able to submit a Tender Instruction to the Tender Agent and will not be eligible to participate in the Offer in the manner specified in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Any Holder who (i) holds its Bonds directly  or through a participant or sub-participant of the VP System  in a securities account within the VP System  (ii) is unable to transfer the relevant Bonds to an account in either Clearing System and (iii) who is eligible to view the Tender Offer Memorandum and make an investment decision with respect to the Offer may contact the Tender Agent for further information  using the contact details set out below.Tender Instructions will be irrevocable except in the limited circumstances described in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Tender Instructions must be submitted in respect of a minimum principal amount of Bonds of no less than €100 000 (being the minimum transferable principal amount of the Bonds) and may be submitted in any integral multiple of €1 000 thereafter.Indicative timetable for the OfferThe anticipated transaction timetable is summarised below:Events Times and Dates(All times are CET) Commencement of the OfferAnnouncement of the Offer and of the intention of the Offeror to issue the New Bonds  subject to market conditions.Clearing System Notices distributed via the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants and Tender Offer Memorandum available upon request from the Tender Agent (subject to the restrictions set out in “Offer and Distribution Restrictions” below)  the contact details of which are set out below.17 November 2025 Pricing of the New Bonds On or about 18 November 2025 Expiration DeadlineFinal deadline for receipt of valid Tender Instructions by the Tender Agent in order for Holders to be able to participate in the Offer.5.00 p.m. on 24 November 2025 Announcement of ResultsAnnouncement by the Offeror of whether it will accept (subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the New Issue Condition on or prior to the Settlement Date) valid tenders of Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer and  if so accepted  (i) the Final Acceptance Amount and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Bonds that will remain outstanding after the Settlement Date (if any).As soon as reasonably practicable on the Business Day after the Expiration Deadline (expected to be 25 November 2025) Settlement DateSubject to the satisfaction  or waiver  of the New Issue Condition  the expected Settlement Date for the Offer.Expected to be 27 November 2025 or  if later  the Business Day following the settlement of the issue of the New BondsThe Offeror may  in its sole and absolute discretion  extend  re-open  amend  waive any condition of and/or terminate the Offer at any time (subject to applicable law and as provided in the Tender Offer Memorandum) and the above times and dates are subject to the right of the Offeror to so extend  re-open  amend and/or terminate the Offer.Holders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Bonds when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from a Holder in order for that Holder to be able to participate in  or (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) revoke their instruction to participate in  the Offer before the deadlines specified above. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and each Clearing System for the submission of Tender Instructions will be earlier than the relevant deadlines set out above and in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Unless stated otherwise  announcements in connection with the Offer will be made by or on behalf of the Offeror by (i) publication on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com); (ii) publication on the website of the Offeror; (iii) publication through the electronic communication system of Bloomberg and (iv) the delivery of notices to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants and through the VP System for communication to participants and sub-participants in the VP System. Such announcements may also be made on the Informa IGM Screen Insider service. Copies of all such announcements  press releases and notices can also be obtained upon request from the Tender Agent  the contact details for which are below. Significant delays may be experienced where notices are delivered to the Clearing Systems and Holders are urged to contact the Tender Agent for the relevant announcements during the course of the Offer. In addition  Holders may contact the Dealer Managers for information using the contact details below.Holders are advised to read carefully the Tender Offer Memorandum for full details of and information on the procedures for participating in the Offer.Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  ING Bank N.V.  J.P. Morgan SE and Société Générale are acting as Dealer Managers for the Offer and Kroll Issuer Services Limited is acting as Tender Agent.Questions and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers:Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (Attention: Liability Management; Tel: +44 207 214 5903; Email: liability.management@ca-cib.com)ING Bank N.V. (Telephone: +44 20 7767 6784; Email: liability.management@ing.com; Attention: Liability Management Team)J.P. Morgan SE (Telephone: +44 207 134 2468; Attention: EMEA Liability Management Group; Email: liability_management_EMEA@jpmorgan.com)Société Générale (Attention: Liability Management; Telephone: +33 1 42 13 32 40; Email: liability.management@sgcib.com)Questions and requests for assistance in connection with the procedures for participating in the Offer  including the delivery of Tender Instructions  may be directed to the Tender Agent:Kroll Issuer Services Limited (Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7704 0880; Attention: Owen Morris; Email: euronext@is.kroll.com; Tender Offer Website: https://deals.is.kroll.com/euronext).This announcement is released by the Offeror and contains information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014  as amended (MAR)  encompassing information relating to the Offer described above. For the purposes of MAR and Article 2 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055  this announcement is made by Judith Stein  Investor Relations Senior Manager at the Offeror.DISCLAIMER This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Tender Offer Memorandum. This announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. If any Holder is in any doubt as to the contents of this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum or the action it should take  it is recommended to seek its own financial and legal advice  including in respect of any tax consequences  immediately from its broker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial  tax or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Bonds are held on its behalf by a broker  dealer  bank  custodian  trust company or other nominee or intermediary must contact such entity if it wishes to tender such Bonds pursuant to the Offer. The Dealer Managers are acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the arrangements described in this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum and will not be responsible to any Holder for providing the protections which would be afforded to customers of the Dealer Managers or for advising any other person in connection with the Offer. None of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers or the Tender Agent or any director  officer  employee  agent or affiliate of any such person has made or will make any assessment of the merits and risks of the Offer or of the impact of the Offer on the interests of the Holders either as a class or as individuals  and none of them makes any recommendation as to whether Holders should tender Bonds pursuant to the Offer. None of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers or the Tender Agent (or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates) is providing Holders with any legal  business  tax or other advice in this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum. Holders should consult with their own advisers as needed to assist them in making an investment decision and to advise them whether they are legally permitted to tender Bonds for cash.Offer and Distribution RestrictionsNeither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an invitation to participate in the Offer in or from any jurisdiction in or from which  or to any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such invitation or for there to be such participation under applicable securities laws. The distribution of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or any other materials relating to the Offer in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or any other materials relating to the Offer come(s) are required by each of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Neither this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum nor the electronic transmission thereof constitutes an offer to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell Bonds (and tenders of Bonds in the Offer will not be accepted from Holders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or any of its affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliate  as the case may be  on behalf of the Offeror in such jurisdiction.No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the New Bonds that would permit a public offering of securities where such public offering would lead to a requirement to publish a prospectus or a similar requirement and the New Bonds shall be registered in VP System in minimum nominal amounts equal to €1 000 and may only be initially subscribed and thereafter traded and transferred in minimum principal amounts of €100 000 and in multiples of €1 000 in excess thereof.United States: The Offer is not being made  and will not be made  directly or indirectly in or into  or by use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of  the United States or to any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (each a U.S. Person)). This includes  but is not limited to  facsimile transmission  electronic mail  telex  telephone  the internet and other forms of electronic communication. The Bonds may not be tendered in the Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within the United States or by persons located or resident in the United States or by any U.S. Person. Accordingly  copies of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly mailed or otherwise transmitted  distributed or forwarded (including  without limitation  by custodians  nominees or trustees) in or into the United States or to any persons located or resident in the United States or to any U.S. Person  and the Bonds cannot be tendered in the Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within or by persons located or resident in the United States or by any U.S. Person. Any purported tender of Bonds in the Offer resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid and any purported tender of Bonds made by a person located in the United States  a U.S. Person  by any person acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person  or any agent  fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States will be invalid and will not be accepted.Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum is an offer of securities for sale in the United States or to U.S. Persons. Securities may not be offered  sold or delivered in the United States absent registration under  or an exemption from the registration requirements of  the Securities Act. The New Bonds have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. Persons  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction.Each Holder participating in the Offer will represent that it is not a U.S. Person and it is not located in the United States and it is not participating in the Offer from the United States  or it is acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal located outside the United States that is not giving an order to participate in the Offer from the United States and who is not a U.S. Person. For the purposes of this and the above two paragraphs  United States means the United States of America  its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico  the U.S. Virgin Islands  Guam  American Samoa  Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands)  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.European Economic Area: In any European Economic Area (EEA) member state  the communication of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that member state within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum have been prepared on the basis that the Offer in any member state of the EEA (each  a Relevant Member State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus.Each person in a Relevant Member State who receives any communication in respect of the Offer contemplated in the Tender Offer Memorandum will be deemed to have represented  warranted and agreed to and with the Dealer Managers and the Company that it is a qualified investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.United Kingdom: The communication of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer is not being made and such documents and/or materials have not been approved by an authorised person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly  this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to (1) persons outside the United Kingdom  (2) those persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the Financial Promotion Order))  (3) persons who are within Article 43 of the Financial Promotion Order or (4) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order (together being referred to as relevant persons). Any person in the United Kingdom who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum.Italy: None of the Offer  this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian laws and regulations. The Offer is being carried out in the Republic of Italy (Italy) as an exempted offer pursuant to article 101-bis  paragraph 3-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the Financial Services Act) and article 35-bis  paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended.Any Holder or beneficial owner of the Bonds that is resident and/or located in Italy may tender some or all of its Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer through authorised persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act  CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993  as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB  the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-visits clients in connection with the Bonds  the Offer and the Tender Offer Memorandum.France: The Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  to the public in the Republic of France (France). This announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other document or material relating to the Offer have only been and shall only be distributed in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended. None of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum or any other such document or material has been or will be submitted for clearance to  or approved by  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Belgium: The Offer is not being made  and will not be made or advertised  directly or indirectly  to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law dated 28 February 2013  as amended (a Belgian Consumer) and this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have not been and shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Belgium to Belgian Consumers.CONTACTSANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comInvestor Relations Judith Stein +33 6 15 23 91 97Margaux Kurver +33 6 84 16 85 03MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.comEurope Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13Sandra Machado +351 917 776 897Belgium Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01France  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45Ireland Catalina Augspach +33 6 82 09 99 70Italy Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56The Netherlands Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33Norway Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10Portugal Sandra Machado +351 917 776 897About EuronextEuronext is the leading European capital market infrastructure  covering the entire capital markets value chain  from listing  trading  clearing  settlement and custody  to solutions for issuers and investors. Euronext runs MTS  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets  and Nord Pool  the European power market. Euronext also provides clearing and settlement services through Euronext Clearing and its Euronext Securities CSDs in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal.As of September 2025  Euronext’s regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal host over 1 700 listed issuers with €6.5 trillion in market capitalisation  a strong blue-chip franchise and the largest global centre for debt and fund listings. With a diverse domestic and international client base  Euronext handles 25% of European lit equity trading. Its products include equities  FX  ETFs  bonds  derivatives  commodities and indices.For the latest news and resources  please visit the Media Centre. Follow us on X and LinkedIn for regular updates.DisclaimerElements of this press release contain or may contain information about Euronext N.V within the meaning of article 7(1) Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014.This press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2025  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.15,0.29,True,English,"['existing EUR 2026 Bonds', 'new bonds issuance', 'tender offer', 'Euronext', 'intention', 'Principal Amount Maturity Date Purchase Price Amount', 'new euro-denominated fixed rate bonds', 'final aggregate principal amount', 'fixed cash purchase price', 'overall maturity profile', 'Final Acceptance Amount', 'Accrued Interest Payments', 'applicable securities laws', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Common Code Outstanding', 'New Issue Condition', 'existing EUR 2026 Bonds', 'tender offer memorandum', 'new bonds issuance', 'Settlement Date', 'Tender Agent', 'distribution restrictions', 'efficient manner', 'current holdings', '99.05 per cent', 'successful completion', 'absolute discretion', 'investment decision', 'Dealer Managers', 'active bookrunners', 'detailed terms', 'Capitalised terms', 'market conditions', 'sole determination', 'offer restrictions', 'preliminary prospectus', 'current intention', 'valid tenders', 'Bonds ISIN', 'The Offeror', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '17 November', 'invitation', 'holders', 'connection', 'copies', 'announcement', 'meanings', 'Summary', 'Description', 'May', 'Rationale', 'purpose', 'planned', 'debt', 'opportunity', 'priority', 'allocation', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'respect', 'Scaling', 'series', 'limitation', 'obligation', 'solicitation', 'circumstances', 'basis', 'information', 'listing', 'amendment', 'supplement', 'reliance', 'representations', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'capacity']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53748,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/2025/11/17/ukraine-in-urgent-need-of-funds-von-der-leyen-warns-eu-leaders/,Ukraine in ‘urgent’ need of funds  von der Leyen warns EU leaders,No ‘easy options’ to plug looming wartime budget shortfall in Ukraine  commission president says,Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskiy and French president Emmanuel Macron after signing an agreement to obtain warplanes  near Paris. Photograph: Christophe Ena/Pool/AFP via GettyUkraine’s need for more financial backing from its allies has become “urgent” and the European Union cannot afford to hesitate in helping Kyiv shore up its position on the battlefield  Ursula von der Leyen has said.In a letter to the leaders of the EU’s 27 states  Ms von der Leyen said a decision would need to be taken before the end of the year about how to fill a looming shortfall in Ukraine’s wartime budget.The president of the European Commission  the union’s executive branch  said several “stark” options were on the table  none of which were easy or without drawbacks.The letter  sent to national capitals on Monday and seen by The Irish Times  said Ukraine was estimated to need more than €130 billion in financial support over the next two years.US president Donald Trump’s administration has pulled financial support and military aid coming from Washington  but continues to send weapons to Kyiv on the condition they are paid for by other Nato allies.[ Zelenskiy comes under fire as corruption scandal complicates Ukraine’s fight and energy woesOpens in new window ]In her letter to national governments  Ms von der Leyen said Russian leader Vladimir Putin clearly believed he could “outlast” Ukraine and Europe  in the war that was started four years ago by Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine.A big injection of finance was urgently required to strengthen Ukraine’s position “on the battlefield and at the negotiating table”  Ms von der Leyen said.That could come from direct contributions from governments’ national budgets  common borrowing jointly repaid by EU states over time  or a loan funded by Russian central bank cash frozen by economic sanctions.“Europe cannot afford paralysis  either by hesitation or by the search for perfect or simple solutions which do not exist ” the German politician told EU leaders.The paper of options put forward by the European Commission will renew the debate about a proposal to use Russian state assets frozen in Europe to finance a €140 billion loan to Ukraine. The legally creative loan would only be repaid if Moscow provided compensation for the destruction caused by the war.Belgium has withheld its support for the so-called “reparations loan”  because it fears it will be exposed to costly legal challenges  given the Russian central bank assets in question are frozen in Euroclear  a securities depository based in Belgium.Ms von der Leyen said the loan would be designed to comply with international law  meaning the EU would not technically be confiscating the Russian state cash.The commission president’s letter said financial markets could be spooked if the loan “was incorrectly perceived by others as a confiscation”.“A concerted effort by the union  and possibly international partners  to counteract such perception would need to be made. The risk can also be further reduced if international partners take similar measures ” she wrote.[ Rise in young Ukrainian men arriving in Ireland as troop pressures mountOpens in new window ]A summit of EU leaders next month in Brussels will be dominated by negotiations to back the loan proposal.Ms von der Leyen’s letter said financial guarantees provided by EU states  to cover the cost of the loan should repayment be triggered early  would be weighted in proportion to each member state’s gross national income (GNI).Ukraine needs funds to source more missile defence systems and drone interceptors  to guard against Russia’s escalating aerial bombardments targeting cities and energy infrastructure  the letter said.Meanwhile  Ukraine will obtain up to 100 French-made Rafale warplanes over the next 10 years under a deal signed on Monday  both countries said.Air defence systems  munitions and drones were also included in the letter of intent signed by Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskiy and his French counterpart  Emmanuel Macron.The letter of intent was a political commitment  rather than a purchase deal  which would come later  the Elysée said. The aim was to finance it with EU programmes and the planned use of frozen Russian assets.- Additional reporting: Reuters,negative,0.0,0.45,0.54,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['urgent’ need', 'EU leaders', 'Ukraine', 'funds', 'Leyen', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'Ms von der Leyen', 'Russian leader Vladimir Putin', 'Russian central bank cash', 'Russian central bank assets', 'US president Donald Trump', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian state cash', 'Russian state assets', 'The Irish Times', 'costly legal challenges', 'missile defence systems', 'escalating aerial bombardments', 'Air defence systems', 'gross national income', 'young Ukrainian men', 'several “stark” options', 'next two years', 'other Nato allies', 'governments’ national budgets', '100 French-made Rafale warplanes', 'legally creative loan', 'national governments', 'next 10 years', 'member state', 'Ukrainian president', 'national capitals', 'French president', 'commission president', 'Emmanuel Macron', 'Christophe Ena/Pool/AFP', 'financial backing', 'looming shortfall', 'wartime budget', 'European Commission', 'executive branch', 'military aid', 'corruption scandal', 'energy woesOpens', 'new window', 'full-scale invasion', 'big injection', 'direct contributions', 'common borrowing', 'economic sanctions', 'simple solutions', 'German politician', 'securities depository', 'international law', 'financial markets', 'concerted effort', 'international partners', 'similar measures', 'troop pressures', 'financial guarantees', 'drone interceptors', 'energy infrastructure', 'French counterpart', 'political commitment', 'Elysée', 'planned use', 'Additional reporting', 'EU programmes', 'Volodymyr Zelenskiy', 'financial support', '€140 billion loan', 'reparations loan', 'negotiating table', 'purchase deal', 'EU states', 'EU leaders', 'European Union', 'loan proposal', '27 states', 'agreement', 'Paris', 'Photograph', 'Getty', 'Ukraine', 'need', 'Kyiv', 'position', 'battlefield', 'letter', 'decision', 'end', 'none', 'drawbacks', 'Monday', 'administration', 'Washington', 'weapons', 'condition', 'fire', 'fight', 'finance', 'paralysis', 'hesitation', 'search', 'perfect', 'paper', 'debate', 'Moscow', 'compensation', 'destruction', 'Belgium', 'question', 'Euroclear', 'others', 'confiscation', 'perception', 'risk', 'Rise', 'Ireland', 'summit', 'Brussels', 'negotiations', 'repayment', 'proportion', 'GNI', 'funds', 'cities', 'countries', 'munitions', 'drones', 'intent', 'aim', 'Reuters']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,irishtimes.com
53749,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188830/0/en/Euronext-announces-tender-offer-on-existing-EUR-2026-Bonds-and-intention-to-launch-a-new-bonds-issuance.html,Euronext announces tender offer on existing EUR 2026 Bonds and intention to launch a new bonds issuance,Euronext announces tender offer on existing EUR 2026 Bonds and intention to launch a new bonds issuance  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan ...,"Euronext announces tender offer on existing EUR 2026 Bonds and intention to launch a new bonds issuanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 17 November 2025 – Euronext N.V. (the Offeror) announces today an invitation to holders of its outstanding €600 000 000 0.125 per cent. Bonds due 2026 (ISIN: DK0030485271) (of which €600 000 000 in aggregate principal amount currently remains outstanding) (the Bonds) to tender any and all such Bonds for purchase by the Offeror for cash (such invitation  the Offer).The Offer is being made on the terms and subject to the conditions (including  but not limited to  the New Issue Condition (as defined below)) described in the tender offer memorandum dated 17 November 2025 (the Tender Offer Memorandum) prepared by the Offeror in connection with the Offer  and is subject to the offer restrictions set out below  as more fully described in the Tender Offer Memorandum. For detailed terms of the Offer  please refer to the Tender Offer Memorandum  copies of which are (subject to distribution restrictions) available from the Tender Agent as set out below. Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this announcement shall have the meanings given to them in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Summary of the OfferA summary of certain terms of the Offer appears below:Descriptionof the Bonds ISIN /Common Code OutstandingPrincipal Amount MaturityDate PurchasePrice Amount subject to theOffer €600 000 000 0.125%Bonds due 2026 DK0030485271/233898490 €600 000 000 17 May2026 99.05per cent. Any and allRationale for the OfferThe purpose of the Offer and planned issuance of the New Bonds (as defined below) is to proactively manage the overall maturity profile of the Offeror’s debt in an efficient manner. The Offer also provides Holders with the opportunity to sell their current holdings in the Bonds and  if they so wish  apply for priority in the allocation of the New Bonds  as more fully described below in “Allocation of the New Bonds”.It is the current intention of the Offeror to redeem the Bonds that are not purchased by the Offeror pursuant to the Offer on their maturity date.Bonds purchased by the Offeror pursuant to the Offer will be cancelled and will not be re-issued or re-sold.Purchase Price and Accrued Interest PaymentsSubject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the New Issue Condition  the Offeror will  on the Settlement Date  pay for any Bonds validly tendered and accepted for purchase by it pursuant to the Offer a fixed cash purchase price for such Bonds (the Purchase Price) equal to 99.05 per cent. of the principal amount of the Bonds.The Offeror will also  subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the New Issue Condition on or prior to the Settlement Date  make an Accrued Interest Payment in respect of any Bonds validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer.Any and all Offer and No ScalingIf the New Issue Condition is satisfied (or waived) and the Offeror decides to accept for purchase any valid tenders of Bonds pursuant to the Offer  the Offeror will accept for purchase all of the Bonds that are validly tendered and there will be no scaling of any tenders of Bonds for purchase (the final aggregate principal amount of Bonds accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer being the Final Acceptance Amount).New Issue ConditionThe Offeror also announced today its intention to issue a series of new euro-denominated fixed rate bonds (the New Bonds)  subject to market conditions.Whether the Offeror will purchase any Bonds validly tendered in the Offer is subject  without limitation  to the successful completion (in the sole determination of the Offeror) of the issue of the New Bonds (the New Issue Condition)  or the waiver of such condition.Even if the New Issue Condition is satisfied (or waived)  the Offeror is under no obligation to accept for purchase any Bonds tendered pursuant to the Offer. The acceptance for purchase by the Offeror of Bonds validly tendered pursuant to the Offer is at the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror.Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an offer to buy or sell  or a solicitation of an offer to sell or buy  any New Bonds (and tenders of Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer will not be accepted from Holders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. Any investment decision to purchase any New Bonds should be made solely on the basis of the information contained in the prospectus to be prepared by the Offeror in connection with the issue and listing of the New Bonds (including any amendment or supplement thereto  the Prospectus)  and no reliance is to be placed on any representations other than those contained in the Prospectus. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations  a preliminary prospectus (the Preliminary Prospectus) dated on or about 17 November 2025 relating to the New Bonds is available from the Dealer Managers (in their capacity as active bookrunners of the issue of the New Bonds) on request. Holders who may wish to subscribe for New Bonds should carefully consider all of the information in the Preliminary Prospectus and (once published) the Prospectus  including (but not limited to) the risk factors therein.For the avoidance of doubt  the ability to purchase New Bonds is subject to all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any relevant jurisdiction (including the jurisdiction of the relevant Holder and the selling restrictions set out in the Prospectus). It is the sole responsibility of each Holder to satisfy itself that it is eligible to purchase the New Bonds.The New Bonds are not being  and will not be  offered or sold in the United States. Nothing in this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the New Bonds in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or delivered in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act)) absent registration under  or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of  the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. The New Bonds have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States.Compliance information for the New Bonds:EU MiFID II professionals/ ECPs-only/UK MIFIR professionals/ECPs-only/No EU PRIIPs or UK PRIIPs KID – eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No sales to EEA or UK retail investors; no key information document has been or will be prepared. No sales in Belgium to consumers within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law dated 28 February 2013  as amended.See the Preliminary Prospectus and (once published) the Prospectus for further information.No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the New Bonds that would permit a public offering of securities where such public offering would lead to a requirement to publish a prospectus or a similar requirement  and the New Bonds shall be registered in VP System in minimum nominal amounts equal to €1 000 and may only be initially subscribed and thereafter traded and transferred in minimum principal amounts of €100 000 and in multiples of €1 000 in excess thereof.Allocation of the New BondsWhen considering allocation of the New Bonds  the Offeror may give preference to those Holders that  prior to such allocation  have validly tendered or have given a firm intention to the Dealer Managers that they intend to tender their Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer. Therefore  a Holder that wishes to subscribe for New Bonds in addition to tendering its existing Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer may be eligible to receive  at the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror  priority in the allocation of the New Bonds  subject to the issue of the New Bonds  the selling restrictions that will be contained in the Prospectus relating to the New Bonds and such Holder making a separate application for the purchase of such New Bonds to the Dealer Managers (in their capacity as active bookrunners of the issue of the New Bonds) in accordance with the standard new issue procedures of such active bookrunners. Any such preference will  subject to the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror  be applicable up to the aggregate principal amount of Bonds tendered by such Holder (or in respect of which such Holder has indicated a firm intention to tender as described above) pursuant to the Offer. However  the Offeror is not obliged to allocate any New Bonds to a Holder that has validly tendered or indicated a firm intention to tender its Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer and  if any such New Bonds are allocated  the principal amount thereof may be less or more than the principal amount of Bonds tendered by such Holder pursuant to the Offer. Any such allocation will also  among other factors  take into account the minimum principal amount of the New Bonds for any transfer (being €100 000).All allocations of the New Bonds  while being considered by the Offeror as set out above  will be made in accordance with customary new issue allocation processes and procedures in the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror. In the event that a Holder validly tenders Bonds pursuant to the Offer  such Bonds will remain subject to such tender and the conditions of the Offer as set out in the Tender Offer Memorandum irrespective of whether that Holder receives all  part or none of any allocation of New Bonds for which it has applied.Holders should note that the pricing and allocation of the New Bonds are expected to take place prior to the Expiration Deadline for the Offer and any Holder that wishes to subscribe for New Bonds in addition to tendering existing Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer should therefore provide  as soon as practicable  to the Dealer Managers any indications of a firm intention to tender Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer and the quantum of Bonds that it intends to tender.Tender InstructionsIn order to participate in  and be eligible to receive the Purchase Price and Accrued Interest Payment pursuant to  the Offer  Holders must validly tender their Bonds for purchase by delivering  or arranging to have delivered on their behalf  a valid Tender Instruction that is received by the Tender Agent by 5.00 p.m. (CET) on 24 November 2025 unless extended  re-opened  amended and/or terminated as provided in the Tender Offer Memorandum (the Expiration Deadline).Holders holding Bonds directly in the VP System or through a participant or sub-participant of the VP System (other than those held in Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream and  together with Euroclear  the Clearing Systems and each a Clearing System)) must  in order to be eligible to participate in the Offer in the manner specified in the Tender Offer Memorandum  (i) arrange for the Bonds which they wish to tender to be transferred to an account in either of the Clearing Systems and (ii) maintain or  where relevant  procure access to an account in either of the Clearing Systems through which such Bonds can be traded  and to which both the Purchase Price and the applicable Accrued Interest Payment may be credited by the Offeror.Holders who do not have access to an account  as described above  in either of the Clearing Systems (either directly or through a Direct Participant or other intermediary)  or who do not transfer the Bonds which they wish to tender to a Direct Participant in either Clearing System  will not be able to submit a Tender Instruction to the Tender Agent and will not be eligible to participate in the Offer in the manner specified in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Any Holder who (i) holds its Bonds directly  or through a participant or sub-participant of the VP System  in a securities account within the VP System  (ii) is unable to transfer the relevant Bonds to an account in either Clearing System and (iii) who is eligible to view the Tender Offer Memorandum and make an investment decision with respect to the Offer may contact the Tender Agent for further information  using the contact details set out below.Tender Instructions will be irrevocable except in the limited circumstances described in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Tender Instructions must be submitted in respect of a minimum principal amount of Bonds of no less than €100 000 (being the minimum transferable principal amount of the Bonds) and may be submitted in any integral multiple of €1 000 thereafter.Indicative timetable for the OfferThe anticipated transaction timetable is summarised below:Events Times and Dates(All times are CET) Commencement of the OfferAnnouncement of the Offer and of the intention of the Offeror to issue the New Bonds  subject to market conditions.Clearing System Notices distributed via the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants and Tender Offer Memorandum available upon request from the Tender Agent (subject to the restrictions set out in “Offer and Distribution Restrictions” below)  the contact details of which are set out below.17 November 2025 Pricing of the New Bonds On or about 18 November 2025 Expiration DeadlineFinal deadline for receipt of valid Tender Instructions by the Tender Agent in order for Holders to be able to participate in the Offer.5.00 p.m. on 24 November 2025 Announcement of ResultsAnnouncement by the Offeror of whether it will accept (subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the New Issue Condition on or prior to the Settlement Date) valid tenders of Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer and  if so accepted  (i) the Final Acceptance Amount and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Bonds that will remain outstanding after the Settlement Date (if any).As soon as reasonably practicable on the Business Day after the Expiration Deadline (expected to be 25 November 2025) Settlement DateSubject to the satisfaction  or waiver  of the New Issue Condition  the expected Settlement Date for the Offer.Expected to be 27 November 2025 or  if later  the Business Day following the settlement of the issue of the New BondsThe Offeror may  in its sole and absolute discretion  extend  re-open  amend  waive any condition of and/or terminate the Offer at any time (subject to applicable law and as provided in the Tender Offer Memorandum) and the above times and dates are subject to the right of the Offeror to so extend  re-open  amend and/or terminate the Offer.Holders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Bonds when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from a Holder in order for that Holder to be able to participate in  or (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) revoke their instruction to participate in  the Offer before the deadlines specified above. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and each Clearing System for the submission of Tender Instructions will be earlier than the relevant deadlines set out above and in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Unless stated otherwise  announcements in connection with the Offer will be made by or on behalf of the Offeror by (i) publication on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com); (ii) publication on the website of the Offeror; (iii) publication through the electronic communication system of Bloomberg and (iv) the delivery of notices to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants and through the VP System for communication to participants and sub-participants in the VP System. Such announcements may also be made on the Informa IGM Screen Insider service. Copies of all such announcements  press releases and notices can also be obtained upon request from the Tender Agent  the contact details for which are below. Significant delays may be experienced where notices are delivered to the Clearing Systems and Holders are urged to contact the Tender Agent for the relevant announcements during the course of the Offer. In addition  Holders may contact the Dealer Managers for information using the contact details below.Holders are advised to read carefully the Tender Offer Memorandum for full details of and information on the procedures for participating in the Offer.Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  ING Bank N.V.  J.P. Morgan SE and Société Générale are acting as Dealer Managers for the Offer and Kroll Issuer Services Limited is acting as Tender Agent.Questions and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers:Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (Attention: Liability Management; Tel: +44 207 214 5903; Email: liability.management@ca-cib.com)ING Bank N.V. (Telephone: +44 20 7767 6784; Email: liability.management@ing.com; Attention: Liability Management Team)J.P. Morgan SE (Telephone: +44 207 134 2468; Attention: EMEA Liability Management Group; Email: liability_management_EMEA@jpmorgan.com)Société Générale (Attention: Liability Management; Telephone: +33 1 42 13 32 40; Email: liability.management@sgcib.com)Questions and requests for assistance in connection with the procedures for participating in the Offer  including the delivery of Tender Instructions  may be directed to the Tender Agent:Kroll Issuer Services Limited (Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7704 0880; Attention: Owen Morris; Email: euronext@is.kroll.com; Tender Offer Website: https://deals.is.kroll.com/euronext).This announcement is released by the Offeror and contains information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014  as amended (MAR)  encompassing information relating to the Offer described above. For the purposes of MAR and Article 2 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055  this announcement is made by Judith Stein  Investor Relations Senior Manager at the Offeror.DISCLAIMER This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Tender Offer Memorandum. This announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. If any Holder is in any doubt as to the contents of this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum or the action it should take  it is recommended to seek its own financial and legal advice  including in respect of any tax consequences  immediately from its broker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial  tax or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Bonds are held on its behalf by a broker  dealer  bank  custodian  trust company or other nominee or intermediary must contact such entity if it wishes to tender such Bonds pursuant to the Offer. The Dealer Managers are acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the arrangements described in this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum and will not be responsible to any Holder for providing the protections which would be afforded to customers of the Dealer Managers or for advising any other person in connection with the Offer. None of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers or the Tender Agent or any director  officer  employee  agent or affiliate of any such person has made or will make any assessment of the merits and risks of the Offer or of the impact of the Offer on the interests of the Holders either as a class or as individuals  and none of them makes any recommendation as to whether Holders should tender Bonds pursuant to the Offer. None of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers or the Tender Agent (or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates) is providing Holders with any legal  business  tax or other advice in this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum. Holders should consult with their own advisers as needed to assist them in making an investment decision and to advise them whether they are legally permitted to tender Bonds for cash.Offer and Distribution RestrictionsNeither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an invitation to participate in the Offer in or from any jurisdiction in or from which  or to any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such invitation or for there to be such participation under applicable securities laws. The distribution of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or any other materials relating to the Offer in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or any other materials relating to the Offer come(s) are required by each of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Neither this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum nor the electronic transmission thereof constitutes an offer to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell Bonds (and tenders of Bonds in the Offer will not be accepted from Holders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or any of its affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliate  as the case may be  on behalf of the Offeror in such jurisdiction.No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the New Bonds that would permit a public offering of securities where such public offering would lead to a requirement to publish a prospectus or a similar requirement and the New Bonds shall be registered in VP System in minimum nominal amounts equal to €1 000 and may only be initially subscribed and thereafter traded and transferred in minimum principal amounts of €100 000 and in multiples of €1 000 in excess thereof.United States: The Offer is not being made  and will not be made  directly or indirectly in or into  or by use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of  the United States or to any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (each a U.S. Person)). This includes  but is not limited to  facsimile transmission  electronic mail  telex  telephone  the internet and other forms of electronic communication. The Bonds may not be tendered in the Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within the United States or by persons located or resident in the United States or by any U.S. Person. Accordingly  copies of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly mailed or otherwise transmitted  distributed or forwarded (including  without limitation  by custodians  nominees or trustees) in or into the United States or to any persons located or resident in the United States or to any U.S. Person  and the Bonds cannot be tendered in the Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within or by persons located or resident in the United States or by any U.S. Person. Any purported tender of Bonds in the Offer resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid and any purported tender of Bonds made by a person located in the United States  a U.S. Person  by any person acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person  or any agent  fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States will be invalid and will not be accepted.Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum is an offer of securities for sale in the United States or to U.S. Persons. Securities may not be offered  sold or delivered in the United States absent registration under  or an exemption from the registration requirements of  the Securities Act. The New Bonds have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. Persons  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction.Each Holder participating in the Offer will represent that it is not a U.S. Person and it is not located in the United States and it is not participating in the Offer from the United States  or it is acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal located outside the United States that is not giving an order to participate in the Offer from the United States and who is not a U.S. Person. For the purposes of this and the above two paragraphs  United States means the United States of America  its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico  the U.S. Virgin Islands  Guam  American Samoa  Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands)  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.European Economic Area: In any European Economic Area (EEA) member state  the communication of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that member state within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum have been prepared on the basis that the Offer in any member state of the EEA (each  a Relevant Member State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus.Each person in a Relevant Member State who receives any communication in respect of the Offer contemplated in the Tender Offer Memorandum will be deemed to have represented  warranted and agreed to and with the Dealer Managers and the Company that it is a qualified investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.United Kingdom: The communication of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer is not being made and such documents and/or materials have not been approved by an authorised person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly  this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to (1) persons outside the United Kingdom  (2) those persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the Financial Promotion Order))  (3) persons who are within Article 43 of the Financial Promotion Order or (4) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order (together being referred to as relevant persons). Any person in the United Kingdom who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum.Italy: None of the Offer  this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian laws and regulations. The Offer is being carried out in the Republic of Italy (Italy) as an exempted offer pursuant to article 101-bis  paragraph 3-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the Financial Services Act) and article 35-bis  paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended.Any Holder or beneficial owner of the Bonds that is resident and/or located in Italy may tender some or all of its Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer through authorised persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act  CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993  as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB  the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-visits clients in connection with the Bonds  the Offer and the Tender Offer Memorandum.France: The Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  to the public in the Republic of France (France). This announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other document or material relating to the Offer have only been and shall only be distributed in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended. None of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum or any other such document or material has been or will be submitted for clearance to  or approved by  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Belgium: The Offer is not being made  and will not be made or advertised  directly or indirectly  to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law dated 28 February 2013  as amended (a Belgian Consumer) and this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have not been and shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Belgium to Belgian Consumers.CONTACTSANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comInvestor Relations Judith Stein +33 6 15 23 91 97Margaux Kurver +33 6 84 16 85 03MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.comEurope Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13Sandra Machado +351 917 776 897Belgium Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01France  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45Ireland Catalina Augspach +33 6 82 09 99 70Italy Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56The Netherlands Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33Norway Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10Portugal Sandra Machado +351 917 776 897About EuronextEuronext is the leading European capital market infrastructure  covering the entire capital markets value chain  from listing  trading  clearing  settlement and custody  to solutions for issuers and investors. Euronext runs MTS  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets  and Nord Pool  the European power market. Euronext also provides clearing and settlement services through Euronext Clearing and its Euronext Securities CSDs in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal.As of September 2025  Euronext’s regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal host over 1 700 listed issuers with €6.5 trillion in market capitalisation  a strong blue-chip franchise and the largest global centre for debt and fund listings. With a diverse domestic and international client base  Euronext handles 25% of European lit equity trading. Its products include equities  FX  ETFs  bonds  derivatives  commodities and indices.For the latest news and resources  please visit the Media Centre. Follow us on X and LinkedIn for regular updates.DisclaimerElements of this press release contain or may contain information about Euronext N.V within the meaning of article 7(1) Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014.This press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2025  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.15,0.29,True,English,"['existing EUR 2026 Bonds', 'new bonds issuance', 'tender offer', 'Euronext', 'intention', 'Principal Amount Maturity Date Purchase Price Amount', 'new euro-denominated fixed rate bonds', 'final aggregate principal amount', 'fixed cash purchase price', 'overall maturity profile', 'Final Acceptance Amount', 'Accrued Interest Payments', 'applicable securities laws', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Common Code Outstanding', 'New Issue Condition', 'existing EUR 2026 Bonds', 'tender offer memorandum', 'new bonds issuance', 'Settlement Date', 'Tender Agent', 'distribution restrictions', 'efficient manner', 'current holdings', '99.05 per cent', 'successful completion', 'absolute discretion', 'investment decision', 'Dealer Managers', 'active bookrunners', 'detailed terms', 'Capitalised terms', 'market conditions', 'sole determination', 'offer restrictions', 'preliminary prospectus', 'current intention', 'valid tenders', 'Bonds ISIN', 'The Offeror', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '17 November', 'invitation', 'holders', 'connection', 'copies', 'announcement', 'meanings', 'Summary', 'Description', 'May', 'Rationale', 'purpose', 'planned', 'debt', 'opportunity', 'priority', 'allocation', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'respect', 'Scaling', 'series', 'limitation', 'obligation', 'solicitation', 'circumstances', 'basis', 'information', 'listing', 'amendment', 'supplement', 'reliance', 'representations', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'capacity']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53750,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/people-are-playing-fewer-games-and-new-releases-are-struggling-say-ubisoft-uk-warning-of-falling-revenues,"People are playing fewer games and new releases are ""struggling""  say Ubisoft UK  warning of falling revenues",Ubisoft's UK publishing arm have filed a strategic report for the year ending March 2025 in which they warn that they expect yearly revenue to fall in the current fiscal year  ending March 2026. They attribute this partly to slumping sales of physical copies …,"Ubisoft's UK publishing arm have filed a strategic report for the year ending March 2025 in which they warn that they expect yearly revenue to fall in the current fiscal year  ending March 2026. They attribute this partly to slumping sales of physical copies of games  and more broadly to the fact that people are fixating on a fistful of mega-popular games at the expense of all others  with subscription and streaming services like Microsoft's Game Pass making us all feel less inclined to buy individual new games. Plus ça change.""The traditional 'full game' model of selling a single £50-60 game to a consumer as a one-time purchase continues to become less ubiquitous  with Multi Game subscription services  long running Games As A Service titles  Free To Play games and Cloud Streaming offers all providing new and attractive ways for consumers to access gaming content "" reads the report  which was filed on 13th November last week and passed along by City AM.""Consumers are playing fewer games  playing them for longer  and as a result  outside of a few notable exceptions  many new games are struggling to stand out and achieve the sales they may once have had  whilst the market is more volatile and the potential for any specific title less predictable as a result "" it continues.""As a result of a smaller physical new releases schedules in the coming year  Ubisoft Limited expects revenue to fall in FY26.""All this comes in the context of dramatic wider corporate musical chairs across Ubisoft's international dominions. The company recently struck a deal with Tencent to carve out a new subsidiary  Vantage Studios  dedicated to the best-selling Assassin's Creed  Far Cry  and Rainbow Six series.The remainder of the company's development studios are being reorganised into ""creative houses""  with a familiar and worrying emphasis on being ""agile"" and ""focussed"". Ubisoft recently announced layoff plans at The Division developers Massive and Trials developers Redlynx  both of whom fall outside the new Tencent-backed subsidiary.More Ubihappenings may be in the offing. A few days ago  the company postponed the release of their latest half-year earnings report while requesting that European exchange Euronext halt trading of Ubisoft shares and bonds until the report's publication. According to rumour  the company's founding Guillemot family are having a staring match with Tencent about whether they can retain their dominance. Yves Guillemot recently appointed his son Charlie Guillemot as co-chief of Vantage  which feels a bit  you know  Succession-y.Investors appear cool on the new direction: as reported by Reuters  Ubisoft's Paris-listed share price was down 49% year-to-date as of 13th November. Me am just humble dormouse guzzling crumbs under the banquet table  with no real understanding of the arcane financial phrases uttered by the courtiers above  but these seem like worrying numbers.To return to the broader topic here  games industry bigwigs and assorted wonks have long warned that subscription models and a handful of enduringly popular games are sucking up all the oxygen. Back in 2024  Inflexion's Aaryn Flynn spoke to us at length about how ""evergreen"" games like Fortnite trample new releases that are still finding their legs. ""There's this incredibly thick line now of [yearly revenue]  which is games that are five  even 10 years old  like GTA Online  and those games have done so good  and are so exceptional because of the just enormous amount of investment that's been put into them  that they are evergreen "" he said.More recently  market research company Circana shared a survey indicating that the majority of videogame players in the USA only buy one or two games a year.Again  me am just brainless sheep pundit nuzzling at King Guillemot's electric fences  but whenever I read reports about the industry being eaten alive by the Steam top 10 most-played  I find it helpful to browse  say  one of our weekend What Are We All Playing articles. I can only marvel at the range of things people say they're playing in those comments threads.That's a small and purely anecdotal research sample  of course  but then  I imagine Ubisoft UK's research criteria from the above report are quite selective as well: they need to release games that make many millions of pounds. The fortunes of games from much smaller teams and companies do not  I imagine  enter into their calculus.",negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,mixed,0.2,0.12,0.68,True,English,"['fewer games', 'new releases', 'Ubisoft UK', 'falling revenues', 'People', 'dramatic wider corporate musical chairs', 'smaller physical new releases schedules', 'humble dormouse guzzling crumbs', ""traditional 'full game' model"", 'latest half-year earnings report', 'Multi Game subscription services', 'single £50-60 game', 'Rainbow Six series', 'European exchange Euronext', 'Paris-listed share price', 'arcane financial phrases', 'brainless sheep pundit', 'anecdotal research sample', 'UK publishing arm', 'The Division developers', 'founding Guillemot family', 'new Tencent-backed subsidiary', 'current fiscal year', 'individual new games', 'many new games', 'games industry bigwigs', 'market research company', 'physical copies', 'smaller teams', 'Game Pass', 'new subsidiary', 'streaming services', 'research criteria', 'new direction', 'Trials developers', 'many millions', 'subscription models', 'Yves Guillemot', 'Charlie Guillemot', 'King Guillemot', 'one-time purchase', 'Service titles', 'attractive ways', 'gaming content', '13th November', 'City AM', 'notable exceptions', 'specific title', 'coming year', 'international dominions', 'Far Cry', 'development studios', 'creative houses', 'worrying emphasis', 'layoff plans', 'More Ubihappenings', 'staring match', 'banquet table', 'real understanding', 'broader topic', 'assorted wonks', 'Aaryn Flynn', 'thick line', 'GTA Online', 'enormous amount', 'videogame players', 'electric fences', 'comments threads', 'Ubisoft UK', 'strategic report', 'mega-popular games', 'fewer games', 'two games', 'yearly revenue', 'Vantage Studios', 'Ubisoft Limited', 'Ubisoft shares', 'March', 'slumping', 'sales', 'fact', 'people', 'fistful', 'expense', 'others', 'Microsoft', 'consumer', 'Cloud', 'result', 'potential', 'FY26', 'context', 'deal', 'Assassin', 'Creed', 'remainder', 'familiar', 'Massive', 'Redlynx', 'offing', 'trading', 'bonds', 'publication', 'rumour', 'dominance', 'son', 'chief', 'Investors', 'Reuters', 'date', 'courtiers', 'numbers', 'handful', 'oxygen', 'Inflexion', 'length', 'Fortnite', 'legs', 'investment', 'Circana', 'survey', 'majority', 'USA', 'reports', 'Steam', 'weekend', 'articles', 'range', 'things', 'pounds', 'fortunes', 'companies', 'calculus']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,rockpapershotgun.com
53751,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://thefly.com/permalinks/entry.php/id4241466/EUXTF-Euronext-price-target-raised-by-EUR--at-JPMorgan,Euronext price target raised by EUR 2 at JPMorgan EUXTF,See the rest of the story here.thefly.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors  professional money managers  active traders  and corpor…,"We use cookies to improve user experience  and analyze website traffic.For these reasons  we may share your site usage data with our analytics partners. By clicking ""Accept Cookies"" you consent to store on your device all the technologies described in our Cookie Policy.",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext price target', 'JPMorgan EUXTF', 'site usage data', 'user experience', 'website traffic', 'analytics partners', 'Cookie Policy', 'cookies', 'reasons', 'device', 'technologies']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,thefly.com
53752,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188932/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-the-progress-of-transactions-under-its-current-share-buyback-programme.html,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme  Amsterdam  17 November 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT:...,"Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programmeAmsterdam  17 November 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) hereby reports transaction details related to the first €750 million tranche of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme as communicated on 12 February 2025.From 10 November 2025 up to and including 14 November 2025 a total of 115 000 shares were repurchased on exchange at an average price of € 70.69. During the same period  111 822 shares were repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V..Up to and including 14 November 2025  a total of 7 832 152 shares were repurchased under the share buyback programme for a total consideration of € 560 872 449 (including shares repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.).Heineken N.V. publishes on a weekly basis  every Monday  an overview of the progress of the share buyback programme on its website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/share-information/share-buyback-programmeEnquiriesMedia Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Regulatory informationThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations as set out in Article 5(1)(b) Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Article 2(2) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 that contains technical standards for buyback programs.Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 340 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn and Instagram.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['current share buyback programme', 'Heineken N.V.', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director', 'Global Communication Global Director', 'Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus', 'current share buyback programme', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'Heineken Holding N.V..', 'first €750 million tranche', 'Senior Analyst E', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'Heineken N.V.', 'long-term brand investment', 'Article 5(1)(b) Regulation', 'Most recent information', 'buyback programs', 'Heineken® brand', 'transaction details', 'average price', 'same period', 'weekly basis', 'Regulatory information', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'technical standards', 'Editorial information', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'Media Investors', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'total consideration', 'Better World', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', '12 February', '10 November', '14 November', '115,000 shares', 'exchange', '111,822 shares', '7,832,152 shares', 'overview', 'website', 'theheinekencompany', 'share-buyback-programme', 'Enquiries', 'mail', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '85,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Attachment', '17']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53753,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188830/0/en/Euronext-announces-tender-offer-on-existing-EUR-2026-Bonds-and-intention-to-launch-a-new-bonds-issuance.html,Euronext announces tender offer on existing EUR 2026 Bonds and intention to launch a new bonds issuance,Euronext announces tender offer on existing EUR 2026 Bonds and intention to launch a new bonds issuance  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan ...,"Euronext announces tender offer on existing EUR 2026 Bonds and intention to launch a new bonds issuanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 17 November 2025 – Euronext N.V. (the Offeror) announces today an invitation to holders of its outstanding €600 000 000 0.125 per cent. Bonds due 2026 (ISIN: DK0030485271) (of which €600 000 000 in aggregate principal amount currently remains outstanding) (the Bonds) to tender any and all such Bonds for purchase by the Offeror for cash (such invitation  the Offer).The Offer is being made on the terms and subject to the conditions (including  but not limited to  the New Issue Condition (as defined below)) described in the tender offer memorandum dated 17 November 2025 (the Tender Offer Memorandum) prepared by the Offeror in connection with the Offer  and is subject to the offer restrictions set out below  as more fully described in the Tender Offer Memorandum. For detailed terms of the Offer  please refer to the Tender Offer Memorandum  copies of which are (subject to distribution restrictions) available from the Tender Agent as set out below. Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this announcement shall have the meanings given to them in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Summary of the OfferA summary of certain terms of the Offer appears below:Descriptionof the Bonds ISIN /Common Code OutstandingPrincipal Amount MaturityDate PurchasePrice Amount subject to theOffer €600 000 000 0.125%Bonds due 2026 DK0030485271/233898490 €600 000 000 17 May2026 99.05per cent. Any and allRationale for the OfferThe purpose of the Offer and planned issuance of the New Bonds (as defined below) is to proactively manage the overall maturity profile of the Offeror’s debt in an efficient manner. The Offer also provides Holders with the opportunity to sell their current holdings in the Bonds and  if they so wish  apply for priority in the allocation of the New Bonds  as more fully described below in “Allocation of the New Bonds”.It is the current intention of the Offeror to redeem the Bonds that are not purchased by the Offeror pursuant to the Offer on their maturity date.Bonds purchased by the Offeror pursuant to the Offer will be cancelled and will not be re-issued or re-sold.Purchase Price and Accrued Interest PaymentsSubject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the New Issue Condition  the Offeror will  on the Settlement Date  pay for any Bonds validly tendered and accepted for purchase by it pursuant to the Offer a fixed cash purchase price for such Bonds (the Purchase Price) equal to 99.05 per cent. of the principal amount of the Bonds.The Offeror will also  subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the New Issue Condition on or prior to the Settlement Date  make an Accrued Interest Payment in respect of any Bonds validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer.Any and all Offer and No ScalingIf the New Issue Condition is satisfied (or waived) and the Offeror decides to accept for purchase any valid tenders of Bonds pursuant to the Offer  the Offeror will accept for purchase all of the Bonds that are validly tendered and there will be no scaling of any tenders of Bonds for purchase (the final aggregate principal amount of Bonds accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer being the Final Acceptance Amount).New Issue ConditionThe Offeror also announced today its intention to issue a series of new euro-denominated fixed rate bonds (the New Bonds)  subject to market conditions.Whether the Offeror will purchase any Bonds validly tendered in the Offer is subject  without limitation  to the successful completion (in the sole determination of the Offeror) of the issue of the New Bonds (the New Issue Condition)  or the waiver of such condition.Even if the New Issue Condition is satisfied (or waived)  the Offeror is under no obligation to accept for purchase any Bonds tendered pursuant to the Offer. The acceptance for purchase by the Offeror of Bonds validly tendered pursuant to the Offer is at the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror.Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an offer to buy or sell  or a solicitation of an offer to sell or buy  any New Bonds (and tenders of Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer will not be accepted from Holders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. Any investment decision to purchase any New Bonds should be made solely on the basis of the information contained in the prospectus to be prepared by the Offeror in connection with the issue and listing of the New Bonds (including any amendment or supplement thereto  the Prospectus)  and no reliance is to be placed on any representations other than those contained in the Prospectus. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations  a preliminary prospectus (the Preliminary Prospectus) dated on or about 17 November 2025 relating to the New Bonds is available from the Dealer Managers (in their capacity as active bookrunners of the issue of the New Bonds) on request. Holders who may wish to subscribe for New Bonds should carefully consider all of the information in the Preliminary Prospectus and (once published) the Prospectus  including (but not limited to) the risk factors therein.For the avoidance of doubt  the ability to purchase New Bonds is subject to all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any relevant jurisdiction (including the jurisdiction of the relevant Holder and the selling restrictions set out in the Prospectus). It is the sole responsibility of each Holder to satisfy itself that it is eligible to purchase the New Bonds.The New Bonds are not being  and will not be  offered or sold in the United States. Nothing in this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the New Bonds in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or delivered in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act)) absent registration under  or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of  the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. The New Bonds have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States.Compliance information for the New Bonds:EU MiFID II professionals/ ECPs-only/UK MIFIR professionals/ECPs-only/No EU PRIIPs or UK PRIIPs KID – eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No sales to EEA or UK retail investors; no key information document has been or will be prepared. No sales in Belgium to consumers within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law dated 28 February 2013  as amended.See the Preliminary Prospectus and (once published) the Prospectus for further information.No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the New Bonds that would permit a public offering of securities where such public offering would lead to a requirement to publish a prospectus or a similar requirement  and the New Bonds shall be registered in VP System in minimum nominal amounts equal to €1 000 and may only be initially subscribed and thereafter traded and transferred in minimum principal amounts of €100 000 and in multiples of €1 000 in excess thereof.Allocation of the New BondsWhen considering allocation of the New Bonds  the Offeror may give preference to those Holders that  prior to such allocation  have validly tendered or have given a firm intention to the Dealer Managers that they intend to tender their Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer. Therefore  a Holder that wishes to subscribe for New Bonds in addition to tendering its existing Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer may be eligible to receive  at the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror  priority in the allocation of the New Bonds  subject to the issue of the New Bonds  the selling restrictions that will be contained in the Prospectus relating to the New Bonds and such Holder making a separate application for the purchase of such New Bonds to the Dealer Managers (in their capacity as active bookrunners of the issue of the New Bonds) in accordance with the standard new issue procedures of such active bookrunners. Any such preference will  subject to the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror  be applicable up to the aggregate principal amount of Bonds tendered by such Holder (or in respect of which such Holder has indicated a firm intention to tender as described above) pursuant to the Offer. However  the Offeror is not obliged to allocate any New Bonds to a Holder that has validly tendered or indicated a firm intention to tender its Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer and  if any such New Bonds are allocated  the principal amount thereof may be less or more than the principal amount of Bonds tendered by such Holder pursuant to the Offer. Any such allocation will also  among other factors  take into account the minimum principal amount of the New Bonds for any transfer (being €100 000).All allocations of the New Bonds  while being considered by the Offeror as set out above  will be made in accordance with customary new issue allocation processes and procedures in the sole and absolute discretion of the Offeror. In the event that a Holder validly tenders Bonds pursuant to the Offer  such Bonds will remain subject to such tender and the conditions of the Offer as set out in the Tender Offer Memorandum irrespective of whether that Holder receives all  part or none of any allocation of New Bonds for which it has applied.Holders should note that the pricing and allocation of the New Bonds are expected to take place prior to the Expiration Deadline for the Offer and any Holder that wishes to subscribe for New Bonds in addition to tendering existing Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer should therefore provide  as soon as practicable  to the Dealer Managers any indications of a firm intention to tender Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer and the quantum of Bonds that it intends to tender.Tender InstructionsIn order to participate in  and be eligible to receive the Purchase Price and Accrued Interest Payment pursuant to  the Offer  Holders must validly tender their Bonds for purchase by delivering  or arranging to have delivered on their behalf  a valid Tender Instruction that is received by the Tender Agent by 5.00 p.m. (CET) on 24 November 2025 unless extended  re-opened  amended and/or terminated as provided in the Tender Offer Memorandum (the Expiration Deadline).Holders holding Bonds directly in the VP System or through a participant or sub-participant of the VP System (other than those held in Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream and  together with Euroclear  the Clearing Systems and each a Clearing System)) must  in order to be eligible to participate in the Offer in the manner specified in the Tender Offer Memorandum  (i) arrange for the Bonds which they wish to tender to be transferred to an account in either of the Clearing Systems and (ii) maintain or  where relevant  procure access to an account in either of the Clearing Systems through which such Bonds can be traded  and to which both the Purchase Price and the applicable Accrued Interest Payment may be credited by the Offeror.Holders who do not have access to an account  as described above  in either of the Clearing Systems (either directly or through a Direct Participant or other intermediary)  or who do not transfer the Bonds which they wish to tender to a Direct Participant in either Clearing System  will not be able to submit a Tender Instruction to the Tender Agent and will not be eligible to participate in the Offer in the manner specified in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Any Holder who (i) holds its Bonds directly  or through a participant or sub-participant of the VP System  in a securities account within the VP System  (ii) is unable to transfer the relevant Bonds to an account in either Clearing System and (iii) who is eligible to view the Tender Offer Memorandum and make an investment decision with respect to the Offer may contact the Tender Agent for further information  using the contact details set out below.Tender Instructions will be irrevocable except in the limited circumstances described in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Tender Instructions must be submitted in respect of a minimum principal amount of Bonds of no less than €100 000 (being the minimum transferable principal amount of the Bonds) and may be submitted in any integral multiple of €1 000 thereafter.Indicative timetable for the OfferThe anticipated transaction timetable is summarised below:Events Times and Dates(All times are CET) Commencement of the OfferAnnouncement of the Offer and of the intention of the Offeror to issue the New Bonds  subject to market conditions.Clearing System Notices distributed via the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants and Tender Offer Memorandum available upon request from the Tender Agent (subject to the restrictions set out in “Offer and Distribution Restrictions” below)  the contact details of which are set out below.17 November 2025 Pricing of the New Bonds On or about 18 November 2025 Expiration DeadlineFinal deadline for receipt of valid Tender Instructions by the Tender Agent in order for Holders to be able to participate in the Offer.5.00 p.m. on 24 November 2025 Announcement of ResultsAnnouncement by the Offeror of whether it will accept (subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the New Issue Condition on or prior to the Settlement Date) valid tenders of Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer and  if so accepted  (i) the Final Acceptance Amount and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Bonds that will remain outstanding after the Settlement Date (if any).As soon as reasonably practicable on the Business Day after the Expiration Deadline (expected to be 25 November 2025) Settlement DateSubject to the satisfaction  or waiver  of the New Issue Condition  the expected Settlement Date for the Offer.Expected to be 27 November 2025 or  if later  the Business Day following the settlement of the issue of the New BondsThe Offeror may  in its sole and absolute discretion  extend  re-open  amend  waive any condition of and/or terminate the Offer at any time (subject to applicable law and as provided in the Tender Offer Memorandum) and the above times and dates are subject to the right of the Offeror to so extend  re-open  amend and/or terminate the Offer.Holders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Bonds when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from a Holder in order for that Holder to be able to participate in  or (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) revoke their instruction to participate in  the Offer before the deadlines specified above. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and each Clearing System for the submission of Tender Instructions will be earlier than the relevant deadlines set out above and in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Unless stated otherwise  announcements in connection with the Offer will be made by or on behalf of the Offeror by (i) publication on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com); (ii) publication on the website of the Offeror; (iii) publication through the electronic communication system of Bloomberg and (iv) the delivery of notices to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants and through the VP System for communication to participants and sub-participants in the VP System. Such announcements may also be made on the Informa IGM Screen Insider service. Copies of all such announcements  press releases and notices can also be obtained upon request from the Tender Agent  the contact details for which are below. Significant delays may be experienced where notices are delivered to the Clearing Systems and Holders are urged to contact the Tender Agent for the relevant announcements during the course of the Offer. In addition  Holders may contact the Dealer Managers for information using the contact details below.Holders are advised to read carefully the Tender Offer Memorandum for full details of and information on the procedures for participating in the Offer.Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  ING Bank N.V.  J.P. Morgan SE and Société Générale are acting as Dealer Managers for the Offer and Kroll Issuer Services Limited is acting as Tender Agent.Questions and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers:Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (Attention: Liability Management; Tel: +44 207 214 5903; Email: liability.management@ca-cib.com)ING Bank N.V. (Telephone: +44 20 7767 6784; Email: liability.management@ing.com; Attention: Liability Management Team)J.P. Morgan SE (Telephone: +44 207 134 2468; Attention: EMEA Liability Management Group; Email: liability_management_EMEA@jpmorgan.com)Société Générale (Attention: Liability Management; Telephone: +33 1 42 13 32 40; Email: liability.management@sgcib.com)Questions and requests for assistance in connection with the procedures for participating in the Offer  including the delivery of Tender Instructions  may be directed to the Tender Agent:Kroll Issuer Services Limited (Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7704 0880; Attention: Owen Morris; Email: euronext@is.kroll.com; Tender Offer Website: https://deals.is.kroll.com/euronext).This announcement is released by the Offeror and contains information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014  as amended (MAR)  encompassing information relating to the Offer described above. For the purposes of MAR and Article 2 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055  this announcement is made by Judith Stein  Investor Relations Senior Manager at the Offeror.DISCLAIMER This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Tender Offer Memorandum. This announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. If any Holder is in any doubt as to the contents of this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum or the action it should take  it is recommended to seek its own financial and legal advice  including in respect of any tax consequences  immediately from its broker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial  tax or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Bonds are held on its behalf by a broker  dealer  bank  custodian  trust company or other nominee or intermediary must contact such entity if it wishes to tender such Bonds pursuant to the Offer. The Dealer Managers are acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the arrangements described in this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum and will not be responsible to any Holder for providing the protections which would be afforded to customers of the Dealer Managers or for advising any other person in connection with the Offer. None of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers or the Tender Agent or any director  officer  employee  agent or affiliate of any such person has made or will make any assessment of the merits and risks of the Offer or of the impact of the Offer on the interests of the Holders either as a class or as individuals  and none of them makes any recommendation as to whether Holders should tender Bonds pursuant to the Offer. None of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers or the Tender Agent (or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates) is providing Holders with any legal  business  tax or other advice in this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum. Holders should consult with their own advisers as needed to assist them in making an investment decision and to advise them whether they are legally permitted to tender Bonds for cash.Offer and Distribution RestrictionsNeither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an invitation to participate in the Offer in or from any jurisdiction in or from which  or to any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such invitation or for there to be such participation under applicable securities laws. The distribution of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or any other materials relating to the Offer in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or any other materials relating to the Offer come(s) are required by each of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Neither this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum nor the electronic transmission thereof constitutes an offer to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell Bonds (and tenders of Bonds in the Offer will not be accepted from Holders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or any of its affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliate  as the case may be  on behalf of the Offeror in such jurisdiction.No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the New Bonds that would permit a public offering of securities where such public offering would lead to a requirement to publish a prospectus or a similar requirement and the New Bonds shall be registered in VP System in minimum nominal amounts equal to €1 000 and may only be initially subscribed and thereafter traded and transferred in minimum principal amounts of €100 000 and in multiples of €1 000 in excess thereof.United States: The Offer is not being made  and will not be made  directly or indirectly in or into  or by use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of  the United States or to any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (each a U.S. Person)). This includes  but is not limited to  facsimile transmission  electronic mail  telex  telephone  the internet and other forms of electronic communication. The Bonds may not be tendered in the Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within the United States or by persons located or resident in the United States or by any U.S. Person. Accordingly  copies of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly mailed or otherwise transmitted  distributed or forwarded (including  without limitation  by custodians  nominees or trustees) in or into the United States or to any persons located or resident in the United States or to any U.S. Person  and the Bonds cannot be tendered in the Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within or by persons located or resident in the United States or by any U.S. Person. Any purported tender of Bonds in the Offer resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid and any purported tender of Bonds made by a person located in the United States  a U.S. Person  by any person acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person  or any agent  fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States will be invalid and will not be accepted.Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum is an offer of securities for sale in the United States or to U.S. Persons. Securities may not be offered  sold or delivered in the United States absent registration under  or an exemption from the registration requirements of  the Securities Act. The New Bonds have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. Persons  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction.Each Holder participating in the Offer will represent that it is not a U.S. Person and it is not located in the United States and it is not participating in the Offer from the United States  or it is acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal located outside the United States that is not giving an order to participate in the Offer from the United States and who is not a U.S. Person. For the purposes of this and the above two paragraphs  United States means the United States of America  its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico  the U.S. Virgin Islands  Guam  American Samoa  Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands)  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.European Economic Area: In any European Economic Area (EEA) member state  the communication of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that member state within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum have been prepared on the basis that the Offer in any member state of the EEA (each  a Relevant Member State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus.Each person in a Relevant Member State who receives any communication in respect of the Offer contemplated in the Tender Offer Memorandum will be deemed to have represented  warranted and agreed to and with the Dealer Managers and the Company that it is a qualified investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.United Kingdom: The communication of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer is not being made and such documents and/or materials have not been approved by an authorised person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly  this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to (1) persons outside the United Kingdom  (2) those persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the Financial Promotion Order))  (3) persons who are within Article 43 of the Financial Promotion Order or (4) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order (together being referred to as relevant persons). Any person in the United Kingdom who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum.Italy: None of the Offer  this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian laws and regulations. The Offer is being carried out in the Republic of Italy (Italy) as an exempted offer pursuant to article 101-bis  paragraph 3-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the Financial Services Act) and article 35-bis  paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended.Any Holder or beneficial owner of the Bonds that is resident and/or located in Italy may tender some or all of its Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer through authorised persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act  CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993  as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB  the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-visits clients in connection with the Bonds  the Offer and the Tender Offer Memorandum.France: The Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  to the public in the Republic of France (France). This announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other document or material relating to the Offer have only been and shall only be distributed in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended. None of this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum or any other such document or material has been or will be submitted for clearance to  or approved by  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Belgium: The Offer is not being made  and will not be made or advertised  directly or indirectly  to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law dated 28 February 2013  as amended (a Belgian Consumer) and this announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have not been and shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Belgium to Belgian Consumers.CONTACTSANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comInvestor Relations Judith Stein +33 6 15 23 91 97Margaux Kurver +33 6 84 16 85 03MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.comEurope Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13Sandra Machado +351 917 776 897Belgium Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01France  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45Ireland Catalina Augspach +33 6 82 09 99 70Italy Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56The Netherlands Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33Norway Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10Portugal Sandra Machado +351 917 776 897About EuronextEuronext is the leading European capital market infrastructure  covering the entire capital markets value chain  from listing  trading  clearing  settlement and custody  to solutions for issuers and investors. Euronext runs MTS  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets  and Nord Pool  the European power market. Euronext also provides clearing and settlement services through Euronext Clearing and its Euronext Securities CSDs in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal.As of September 2025  Euronext’s regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal host over 1 700 listed issuers with €6.5 trillion in market capitalisation  a strong blue-chip franchise and the largest global centre for debt and fund listings. With a diverse domestic and international client base  Euronext handles 25% of European lit equity trading. Its products include equities  FX  ETFs  bonds  derivatives  commodities and indices.For the latest news and resources  please visit the Media Centre. Follow us on X and LinkedIn for regular updates.DisclaimerElements of this press release contain or may contain information about Euronext N.V within the meaning of article 7(1) Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014.This press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2025  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.15,0.29,True,English,"['existing EUR 2026 Bonds', 'new bonds issuance', 'tender offer', 'Euronext', 'intention', 'Principal Amount Maturity Date Purchase Price Amount', 'new euro-denominated fixed rate bonds', 'final aggregate principal amount', 'fixed cash purchase price', 'overall maturity profile', 'Final Acceptance Amount', 'Accrued Interest Payments', 'applicable securities laws', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Common Code Outstanding', 'New Issue Condition', 'existing EUR 2026 Bonds', 'tender offer memorandum', 'new bonds issuance', 'Settlement Date', 'Tender Agent', 'distribution restrictions', 'efficient manner', 'current holdings', '99.05 per cent', 'successful completion', 'absolute discretion', 'investment decision', 'Dealer Managers', 'active bookrunners', 'detailed terms', 'Capitalised terms', 'market conditions', 'sole determination', 'offer restrictions', 'preliminary prospectus', 'current intention', 'valid tenders', 'Bonds ISIN', 'The Offeror', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '17 November', 'invitation', 'holders', 'connection', 'copies', 'announcement', 'meanings', 'Summary', 'Description', 'May', 'Rationale', 'purpose', 'planned', 'debt', 'opportunity', 'priority', 'allocation', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'respect', 'Scaling', 'series', 'limitation', 'obligation', 'solicitation', 'circumstances', 'basis', 'information', 'listing', 'amendment', 'supplement', 'reliance', 'representations', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'capacity']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53754,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3189508/0/en/Prosafe-SE-Appointment-of-Halvdan-Kielland-as-interim-CFO.html,Prosafe SE: Appointment of Halvdan Kielland as interim-CFO,Following the appointment of Reese McNeel as CEO  Prosafe has decided to appoint Halvdan Kielland as interim CFO.  The company has initiated a process...,Following the appointment of Reese McNeel as CEO  Prosafe has decided to appoint Halvdan Kielland as interim CFO.The company has initiated a process to appoint a permanent CFO.Carey Lowe  chair of the Board of Directors  will step down from his executive chairman role and remain the chair of the Board of Directors.For further information  please contact:Reese McNeelCEOreese.mcneel@prosafe.comProsafe is a leading owner and operator of semi-submersible accommodation vessels. The company is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange with ticker code PRS. For more information  please refer to www.prosafe.com (http://www.prosafe.com)This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the continuing obligations for issuers listed on Euronext Oslo Børs.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Prosafe SE', 'Halvdan Kielland', 'Appointment', 'interim-CFO', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'Reese McNeel CEO reese', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'executive chairman role', 'semi-submersible accommodation vessels', 'ticker code PRS', 'Halvdan Kielland', 'interim CFO', 'permanent CFO', 'Carey Lowe', 'leading owner', 'disclosure requirements', 'continuing obligations', 'appointment', 'Prosafe', 'company', 'process', 'Board', 'Directors', 'information', 'operator', 'section', 'issuers']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53755,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188996/0/en/FERRARI-N-V-PERIODIC-REPORT-ON-THE-BUYBACK-PROGRAM.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,Maranello (Italy)  November 17  2025 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 360 million share buyback program announced on July 31  2025  as the eighth tranche of the multi-year shar…,Maranello (Italy)  November 17  2025 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 360 million share buyback program announced on July 31  2025  as the eighth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Eighth Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 10/11/2025 9 100 357.2461 3 250 939.51 7 262 413.0474 2 999 550.22 2 592 299.90 16 362 357.1226 5 843 239.41 11/11/2025 5 450 359.1975 1 957 626.38 7 108 422.0205 2 999 721.71 2 591 552.24 12 558 362.2534 4 549 178.61 12/11/2025 200 370.1000 74 020.00 5 887 424.6288 2 499 789.75 2 159 459.01 6 087 366.9261 2 233 479.01 13/11/2025 20 900 364.2015 7 611 811.35 5 964 419.1663 2 499 907.81 2 151 568.82 26 864 363.4373 9 763 380.17 14/11/2025 16 563 359.0893 5 947 596.08 7 181 417.7209 2 999 653.78 2 575 252.22 23 744 358.9475 8 522 848.29 52 213360.867918 841 993.3133 402419.095413 998 623.2712 070 132.1985 615361.059730 912 125.50Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Eighth Tranche till November 14  2025  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 254 188 947.06 for No. 674 942 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 67 416 129.84 (Euro 57 869 877.16*) for No. 154 045 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of November 14  2025  the Company held in treasury No. 16 503 282 common shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan  corresponding to 8.51% of the total issued common shares. Including the special voting shares  the Company held in treasury 9.01% of the total issued share capital.Since the start of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion announced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day  on July 1  2022  until November 14  2025  the Company has purchased a total of 5 840 007 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 1 954 628 521.58.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section (https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs).For further information:Media Relationstel.: +39 0536 949337Email: media@ferrari.comAttachments,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'Euro 360 million share buyback program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 674,942 common shares', 'No. 154,045 common shares', 'share capital', '16,503,282 common shares', 'share Consideration', 'treasury No.', 'eighth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Media Relations', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'November', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'July', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'start', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'information', 'tel', 'Email', 'Attachments']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53756,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188828/0/en/Inventiva-announces-full-exercise-of-Underwriters-Option-bringing-proceeds-of-Offering-to-approximately-172-5M.html,Inventiva announces full exercise of Underwriters’ Option  bringing proceeds of Offering to approximately $172.5M,"Daix (France)  New York City (New York  United States)  November 17  2025 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (""Inventiva"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral therapies for the treatment of…","Daix (France)  New York City (New York  United States)  November 17  2025 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (""Inventiva"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (""MASH"")  today announced that the underwriters of the previously announced public offering in the United States (the ""Offering"") of 38 961 038 American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"")  each representing one ordinary share of the Company with a nominal value of €0.01  have exercised in full their option (the ""Underwriters' Option"") to purchase 5 844 155 additional ADSs (the ""Additional ADSs""). The additional ADSs are expected to be delivered on November 18  2025.Following the exercise in full of the Underwriters' Option  the total number of ADSs issued in the Offering will amount to 44 805 193  resulting in gross proceeds for the Company of approximately $172.5 million (€149.0 million1) and the estimated net proceeds of the Offering  after deducting underwriting fees  commissions and estimated expenses payable by the Company  will be approximately of $161.2 million (€139.3 million1).The Company intends to apply the net proceeds from the sale of Additional ADSs on a pro rata basis to the use of proceeds identified with respect to the base offering.The offering price of $3.85 per ADS and Additional ADS (corresponding to €3.33 per ordinary share based on the exchange rate of €1.00 = $1.1576 as published by the European Central Bank on November 12  2025) is equal to the volume-weighted average price of the share of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (""Euronext"") for the last trading session preceding the pricing date of the Offering  less a discount of 0.89%. The offering price was determined by the Chief Executive Officer in accordance with a sub-delegation of powers from the Company’s Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) on October 27  2025  pursuant to the 25th resolution of the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on May 22  2025The Company’s ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker symbol ""IVA"" and the Company’s ordinary shares are listed on Euronext under the symbol ""IVA"".The exercise of the Underwriters' Option is part of stabilization activities carried out since the announcement of the Offering. The stabilization period is now closed.A shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (including a prospectus) relating to the Company’s securities was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") in the United States on October 14  2025 and became effective on November 3  2025. The Company has also filed with the SEC a final prospectus supplement (and accompanying prospectus) relating to and describing the terms of the Offering (the ""Final Prospectus Supplement""). These documents may be obtained free of charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively  a copy of the Final Prospectus Supplement (and accompanying prospectus) may be obtained from Leerink Partners LLC  Attention: Syndicate Department  53 State Street  40th Floor  Boston  MA 02109  by telephone at (800) 808-7525  ext. 6105  or by email at syndicate@leerink.com; or from Piper Sandler & Co.  Attention: Prospectus Department  350 North 5th Street  Suite 1000  Minneapolis  MN 55401 or by email at prospectus@psc.com.The Offering was not subject to a prospectus requiring an approval of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) (the ""AMF""). In accordance with Article 1(5) (ba) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"")  the Company has filed with the AMF a document containing the information set out in Annex IX of the Prospectus Regulation (the ""Information Document"") considering that the Offering represents a dilution above 30% of the current share capital of the Company. A copy of the Information Document is available on the Company’s website (www.inventivapharma.com).About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with MASH. The Company is currently evaluating lanifibranor  a novel pan-PPAR agonist  in the NATiV3 pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of adult patients with MASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). http://www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercEVP  Strategy and Corporate Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 202 499 8937 ICR HealthcareMedia RelationsAlexis Feinberginventivapr@icrhealthcare.com+1 203 939 2225 ICR HealthcareInvestor relationsPatricia L. Bankpatti.bank@icrhealthcare.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains certain ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  Inventiva’s expectations regarding its ability to consummate the Offering  and the timing  size and use of proceeds of the Offering  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva  and the absence of material adverse events. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""would""  ""could""  ""might""  ""should""  ""designed""  ""hopefully""  ""target""  ""potential""  ""opportunity""  ""possible""  ""aim""  and ""continue"" and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance  or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates due to a number of factors  including the completion of financial closing procedures  that interim data or data from any interim analysis of ongoing clinical trials may not be predictive of future trial results  that the recommendation of the DMC may not be indicative of a potential marketing approval  Inventiva cannot provide assurance on the impacts of the Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction on the results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or regulatory matters with respect thereto  that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva’s ability to obtain financing and to enter into potential transactions  on the expected timing or at all  and whether  when and to what extent the dilutive instruments may be exercised  and by which holders  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of its lanifibranor  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's and its partners’ clinical trials may not support Inventiva's and its partners’ product candidate claims  Inventiva's expectations with respect to its clinical trials may prove to be wrong and regulatory authorities may require additional holds and/or additional amendments to Inventiva’s clinical trials  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva’s ability to identify additional products or product candidates with significant commercial potential  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to its pipeline prioritization plan and related workforce reduction  including the timing  potential benefits  expenses and consequences relating thereto  Inventiva’s ability to execute on its commercialization  marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy  Inventiva’s ability to successfully cooperate with existing partners or enter into new partnerships  and to fulfill its obligations under any agreements entered into in connection with such partnerships  the benefits of its existing and future partnerships on the clinical development  regulatory approvals and  if approved  commercialization of its product candidates  and the achievement of milestones thereunder and the timing thereof  Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays beyond expectations in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and pre-clinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations  unfavorable conditions in its industry  geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions  the conflict in the Middle East and the related risk of a larger conflict  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including developments in international trade policies  global inflation  financial and credit market fluctuations  tariffs and other trade barriers  political turmoil  and natural catastrophes  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given the risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts  and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2024 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on April 15  2025  the interim financial report for the six months ended June 30  2025 published on September 29  2025 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") on April 15  2025 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described under the caption ""Risk Factors""  and in future filings with the SEC. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction  and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of that jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.FranceThe securities offered as part of the Offering have not been and will not be offered or sold to the public in France (except for public offerings defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code).The securities offered as part of the Offering may only be offered or sold in France pursuant to Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code to ""qualified investors"" (investisseurs qualifiés) (as such term is defined in Article 2(e) of Prospectus Regulation) acting for their own account  and in accordance with Articles L. 411-1  L. 411-2 and D. 411-2 to D.411-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.This announcement is not an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.European Economic AreaIn relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each  a ""Member State"") no offer to the public of securities may be made in that Member State other than:to any legal entity which is a ‘‘qualified investor’’ as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation)  subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representatives of the placement agents for any such offer; orin any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  provided that no such offer of securities shall require us or any placement agent to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and each person who initially acquires any shares or to whom any offer is made will be deemed to have represented  acknowledged and agreed to and with each of the placement agents and the Company that it is a ‘‘qualified investor’’ as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.For the purposes of this provision  the expression an ""offer to the public"" in relation to any securities in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase any ordinary shares.United KingdomThis document is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are ""investment professionals"" falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc."") of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issuance or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.This press release has been prepared in both French and English. In the event of any differences between the two texts  the French language version shall supersede.1 Based on the exchange rate of €1.00 = $1.1576 as published by the European Central Bank on November 12  2025.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.44,0.56,True,English,"['full exercise', 'Underwriters’ Option', 'Inventiva', 'proceeds', 'Offering', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'NATiV3 pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'ICR Healthcare Media Relations', 'metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'pro rata basis', 'last trading session', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'combined shareholders’ meeting', 'shelf registration statement', 'novel pan-PPAR agonist', 'Alexis Feinberg inventivapr', '38,961,038 American Depositary Shares', '350 North 5th Street', 'volume-weighted average price', 'Patricia L. Bank', 'current share capital', 'New York City', 'final prospectus supplement', 'Leerink Partners LLC', 'European Central Bank', 'one ordinary share', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'oral therapies', 'Investor relations', 'ordinary shares', '53 State Street', 'European Parliament', 'regulated market', 'United States', 'nominal value', 'total number', 'underwriting fees', 'exchange rate', 'pricing date', '25th resolution', 'stabilization activities', 'stabilization period', 'Form F-3', 'Exchange Commission', 'accompanying prospectus', '40th Floor', 'Piper Sandler', 'Prospectus Department', 'Annex IX', 'compartment B', 'Pascaline Clerc', 'Corporate Affairs', 'Important Notice', 'gross proceeds', 'net proceeds', 'offering price', 'Prospectus Regulation', '5,844,155 additional ADSs', ""Underwriters' Option"", 'ticker symbol', 'Syndicate Department', 'adult patients', 'Information Document', 'public offering', 'base offering', 'public company', 'sec.gov', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Company', 'Daix', 'France', 'development', 'treatment', 'MASH', 'full', 'November', 'exercise', 'commissions', 'expenses', 'sale', 'use', 'respect', 'less', 'discount', 'accordance', 'sub-delegation', 'powers', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Administration', 'October', 'May', 'announcement', 'securities', 'terms', 'documents', 'charge', 'EDGAR', 'website', 'copy', 'Attention', 'Boston', 'telephone', 'email', 'Co.', 'Suite', 'Minneapolis', 'MN', 'psc', 'approval', 'AMF', 'Article', 'Council', '14 June', 'dilution', 'inventivapharma', 'research', 'lanifibranor', 'common', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'EVP', 'Strategy', 'icrhealthcare', 'patti', 'press']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53757,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.notebookcheck.net/Ubisoft-delaying-its-earnings-call-and-suspending-stock-trading-at-the-last-minute-brings-turnaround-narrative-into-question.1164426.0.html,Ubisoft delaying its earnings call and suspending stock trading at the last minute brings turnaround narrative into question,Ubisoft abruptly postponed its first-half 2025–2026 earnings call just 15 minutes before it was due to begin  while requesting that Euronext halt trading in its shares and bonds until the results are published  saying the extra time was needed to finalize the…,Ubisoft abruptly postponed its first-half 2025–2026 earnings call just 15 minutes before it was due to begin  while requesting that Euronext halt trading in its shares and bonds until the results are published  saying the extra time was needed to finalize the semester close. The unexpected suspension  combined with a CFO memo framing the pause as a measure to limit speculation and the publisher’s recent project cancellations and leadership upheavals  has intensified investor concern and prompted analysts to speculate about accounting issues or possible acquisition interest.4 Reviews ← exclude selected typesUbisoft Entertainment SA abruptly delayed its 2025-2026 earnings call at the last minute  sparking speculation and panic amongst shareholders and investors in the industry alike. The first-half fiscal year earnings conference was postponed just 15 minutes before it was set to begin  making it even more irregular than other delayed earnings calls.Ubisoft announced the delay in an unexpected press release that caught analysts and shareholders off guard and subsequently halted trading in its shares at Euronext Paris.The suspension of share trading occurred at the market open on November 14 and is expected to remain in place “until the publication of its first-half 2025-2026 in the coming days.”The official announcement via Reuters reads as follows:Ubisoft announces the postponement of the release of its results for the first half of fiscal year 2025-2026. Ubisoft has requested Euronext to halt trading of its shares (FR0000054470) and its bonds (FR001400DV38  FR001400MA32  and FR0014000O87) from the market opening on November 14  2025  until the publication of its first-half 2025-2026 results in the coming days. Ubisoft will inform the market of the date on which trading will restart.Industry watchers and investors have described this as one of Ubisoft’s “weirdest delays yet ” which has brewed concerns of turmoil at the publisher. Ubisoft has gone through a turbulent year with numerous project cancellations  like a cancelled post-American Civil War Assassin’s Creed  an ambitious sci-fi project called Project Scout due to development costs  and a new mainline Splinter Cell game  which was reported to be in development for more than a decade.Amid the halt in trading and delay in the earnings call  Ubisoft’s CFO Frederick Duguet addressed staff in an internal email that Ubisoft’s stock had been paused to “limit unnecessary speculation and market volatility.”According to Insider Gaming  the internal email reads as follows:Hello everyone  I wanted to let you know that we are taking extra time to finalize the closing of the semester  and as a result  we will publish our first-half earnings results in the coming days instead of tonight. Due to legal regulations  we cannot share more information with you at this time. To limit unnecessary speculation and market volatility during this short delay  we have asked Euronext to suspend trading of our stock until the results are announced. We know this is likely to raise questions and drive media coverage. I encourage you all to listen to the conference call  which will be available via the Investor section of our site – just after the results are released  so that you have a more detailed view of our earnings. Thank you for understanding.Analyst Daniel Ahmad of Niko Partners chimed in  stating that this could imply an acquisition of sorts or an accounting or financial issue at the publisher. However  Ubisoft has provided no further information as of November 15  leaving investors and industry watchers in limbo.This comes at a time when not only speculation indicated that Assassin's Creed: Shadows may have had softer-than-expected sales but Ubisoft removed one of its longest-standing Assassin's Creed directors in what can only be described as an unceremonious exit at the very least even as rumors continue to accumulate about a potential acquisition of the troubled publisher and game developer over the last year.Buy Assassin's Creed Shadows on Amazon,neutral,0.01,0.56,0.43,mixed,0.16,0.22,0.62,True,English,"['earnings call', 'stock trading', 'last minute', 'turnaround narrative', 'Ubisoft', 'question', 'new mainline Splinter Cell game', 'first-half fiscal year earnings conference', 'other delayed earnings calls', 'American Civil War Assassin', 'recent project cancellations', 'numerous project cancellations', 'ambitious sci-fi project', 'Analyst Daniel Ahmad', 'first-half 2025–2026 earnings call', '2025-2026 earnings call', 'CFO Frederick Duguet', 'possible acquisition interest', 'first-half 2025-2026 results', 'first-half earnings results', 'unexpected press release', 'Ubisoft Entertainment SA', 'conference call', 'game developer', 'turbulent year', 'last year', 'CFO memo', 'unexpected suspension', 'leadership upheavals', 'investor concern', 'selected types', 'last minute', 'coming days', 'official announcement', 'first half', 'weirdest delays', 'a decade', 'internal email', 'Insider Gaming', 'legal regulations', 'media coverage', 'Investor section', 'detailed view', 'Niko Partners', 'financial issue', 'expected sales', 'unceremonious exit', 'potential acquisition', 'Industry watchers', 'market opening', 'market volatility', 'extra time', 'accounting issues', 'development costs', 'Creed directors', 'unnecessary speculation', 'short delay', 'Euronext Paris', 'troubled publisher', 'share trading', 'Creed Shadows', 'shares', 'bonds', 'semester', 'pause', 'measure', 'analysts', '4 Reviews', 'panic', 'shareholders', 'investors', 'guard', 'November', 'place', 'publication', 'Reuters', 'postponement', 'FR001400DV38', 'FR001400MA32', 'FR0014000O87', 'date', 'concerns', 'turmoil', 'halt', 'staff', 'stock', 'everyone', 'closing', 'tonight', 'information', 'questions', 'site', 'understanding', 'sorts', 'limbo', 'rumors', 'Amazon']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,notebookcheck.net
53758,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3189411/0/en/Melexis-update-on-the-share-buy-back-program.html,Melexis: update on the share buy-back program,Press release - Regulated Information    Ieper  Belgium – 17 November 2025  17.45 hrs CET  Further to the initiation of the share buy-back program......,Press release - Regulated InformationIeper  Belgium – 17 November 2025  17.45 hrs CETFurther to the initiation of the share buy-back program announced on 10 December 2024  Melexis reports the purchase of 72 000 Melexis shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from 10 to 14 November 2025.Trade date Total shares purchased Average price (€) Min price (€) Max price (€) Buyback amount (€) 10/11/2025 14 500 57.74 57.50 58.65 837 207 11/11/2025 14 500 57.20 56.70 57.45 829 328 12/11/2025 15 000 56.13 55.80 57.15 841 956 13/11/2025 14 000 56.17 55.70 56.50 786 393 14/11/2025 14 000 55.31 54.25 55.65 774 360 TOTAL 72 000 56.52 54.25 58.65 4 069 242As a result of purchases made since the launch of the share buy-back program for up to 850 000 shares  Melexis now holds 639 491 treasury shares.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'Melexis', 'update', 'share buy-back program', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', '17.45 hrs CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Trade date', 'Average price', 'Min price', 'Max price', 'Buyback amount', 'Total shares', '639,491 treasury shares', '72,000 Melexis shares', '850,000 shares', 'Ieper', 'Belgium', '17 November', 'initiation', '10 December', 'purchase', 'period', '14 November', 'result', 'launch']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53759,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3189426/0/en/Technip-Energies-Announces-End-of-Share-Buy-Back-Program.html,Technip Energies Announces End of Share Buy-Back Program,Technip Energies N.V. (PARIS: TE) (the “Company”) announces the completion of its share buy-back program  which launch was announced in a press release dated May 12  2025.,Technip Energies N.V. (PARIS: TE) (the “Company”) announces the completion of its share buy-back program  which launch was announced in a press release dated May 12  2025.Between June 30  2025  and November 13  2025  the Company acquired 1 265 324 of its own shares (representing 0.71% of the share capital)  at an average price per share of 35.56 euros.As announced in the press release dated May 12  2025  the shares acquired under the share buy-back program will be used to meet the Company's obligations under equity compensation plans.Details of the transactions carried out under this share buy-back program are available on the Company's website: https://investors.technipenergies.com/financial-information/notice-trading-own-shares.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 17 000+ employees across 34 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €6.9 billion in 2024 and is listed on Euronext Paris. The Company also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.com.ContactsInvestors relationsPhillip LindsayVice-President  Investor RelationsTel: +44 207 585 5051Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media LeadTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Share Buy-Back Program', 'Technip Energies', 'End', 'Technip Energies N.V.', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Social Media Lead', 'equity compensation plans', 'complementary business segments', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'share buy-back program', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'share capital', 'press release', 'average price', 'engineering powerhouse', 'leadership positions', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO2 management', 'critical markets', 'Project Delivery', 'industrial reality', '17,000+ employees', 'Investors relations', 'global technology', 'energy derivatives', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Company', 'completion', 'launch', 'May', 'June', 'November', 'shares', '35.56 euros', 'obligations', 'Details', 'transactions', 'website', 'technipenergies', 'financial-information', 'notice', 'LNG', 'hydrogen', 'ethylene', 'development', 'decarbonization', 'circularity', 'Products', 'Services', 'TPS', 'innovation', 'scalable', 'collaboration', 'excellence', 'execution', '34 countries', 'prosperity', 'sustainability', 'world', 'revenues', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Vice-President', 'Tel', 'Email', '44', '33']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53760,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3189409/0/en/JCDecaux-renews-the-exclusive-contract-with-STIB-the-Brussels-Intercommunal-Transport-Company-to-operate-the-advertising-spaces-in-the-metro-tram-and-buses.html,JCDecaux renews the exclusive contract with STIB  the Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company  to operate the advertising spaces in the metro  tram and buses,JCDecaux renews the exclusive contract with STIB  the Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company  to operate the advertising spaces in the metro  tram and buses,"JCDecaux renews the exclusive contract with STIB  the Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company  to operate the advertising spaces in the metro  tram and busesParis  November 17th  2025 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces that following a competitive tender  it has been awarded a 8+2+2 year contract with STIB  the Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company  to operate the advertising spaces in the metro as well as on and in the trams and buses. The Belgian capital  which attracts nearly 400 000 daily commuters from across the country  is the seat of several key European Union institutions such as the European Parliament  the European Commission and the Council of the European Union (Brussels-Capital: 1.3 million inhabitants).STIB has once again chosen to trust JCDecaux to manage  from February 26th  2026:The deployment of 180 to 200 new digital information screens in 26 STIB stations  replacing the existing furniture. 4 iconic LED screens and 5 digital cubes will equip the busiest stations such as Arts-Loi  Louise and Schuman  as well as 80 interactive touchscreen information hubs enabling STIB to strengthen its communication with passengers;The operation and maintenance of advertising space across STIB's 1 300 trams and buses;The advertising operation and maintenance of 900 analogue displays within 69 metro stations  as well as 1 500 frames on the stairs.Equipped with the latest technologies  the new 75-inch screens are perfectly integrated into their environment and will offer a higher resolution while consuming less power. They will rely on JCDecaux's virtuous Adtech ecosystem to activate high-performance  perfectly planned campaigns targeting the right audiences  with measurable effects. The DOOH offering  connected to the VIOOH (SSP) and Displayce (DSP) suites  will offer all the programmatic power of the media to allow brands to send the right message at the right time in the right place  thanks to the targeting  contextualisation  flexibility and real-time capabilities.The STIB network  which serves the 19 municipalities of the Brussels-Capital Region as well as 11 surrounding municipalities  has seen a 70% increase in the number of users over the last 10 years. Unique in Europe  this growth demonstrates the popularity and interest of public transport in Brussels. Reaching nearly 1.1 million people per day  the STIB network is a real reference point in terms of public transport with 4 metro lines  19 tram lines  52 bus lines and 11 night bus lines  which total more than 400 million trips per year.True to its strategy of quality and technological innovation  JCDecaux will provide STIB with its expertise and experience to enhance the passenger experience and the visibility of advertising brands  while meeting the requirements of quality of service and sustainability. In line with the ESG commitments of both companies  sustainable development and safety will be strong priorities in the contract  with ambitious targets in terms of renewable energy  recyclable materials and waste management.As a major player in outdoor advertising in Brussels  JCDecaux benefits from a rich and powerful offer  with a premium positioning in this key market in the heart of Europe  with advertising concessions for street furniture  at Brussels Airport  in the metro  on and in the trams and buses. The Group also manages the retail concessions of Carrefour and Delhaize and the main shopping centres  as well as the Villo!® self-service bike sharing system.Jean-Charles Decaux  Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said: ""We are very pleased to renew our successful partnership with STIB. Thanks to 12 years of close collaboration and a strong focus on meeting advertisers' goals  our new offer aims to better meet their current and emerging needs in Brussels and  more broadly  in Belgium  where the outdoor advertising market has been growing steadily for several years. This new contract is a true recognition of JCDecaux's skills in offering powerful  innovative and high-quality advertising solutions  and will enable us to continue the deployment of iconic media space and a premium and sustainable digital offer within this major European hub  which is the headquarters of Europe and major institutions. We would like to thank STIB for renewing its confidence in us and will continue to mobilise in order to offer products and services that are capable of transforming the transport environment and improving the passenger experience while guaranteeing optimal visibility and efficiency for advertisers and their brands.”Key Figures for JCDecaux2024 revenue: €3 935.3m – H1 2025 revenue: €1 868.3mN°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 091 811 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 894 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants12 026 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the SBF 120 and CAC Mid 60 indexesJCDecaux’s Group carbon reduction trajectory has been approved by the SBTi and the company has joined the Euronext Paris CAC® SBT 1.5° indexJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the CDP (A)  MSCI (AAA)  Sustainalytics (11.9)  and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (629 737 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 157 airports and 257 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 848 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (83 472 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (736 310 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (178 010 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (89 526 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (22 490 advertising panels)N°2 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (20 689 advertising panels)For more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on X   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube.Communications Department: Clémentine Prat+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – clementine.prat@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company', 'exclusive contract', 'advertising spaces', 'JCDecaux', 'STIB', 'metro', 'tram', 'buses', 'Villo!® self-service bike sharing system', '180 to 200 new digital information screens', '80 interactive touchscreen information hubs', 'several key European Union institutions', 'Group carbon reduction trajectory', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company', '4 iconic LED screens', 'new 75-inch screens', 'Home Media company', 'virtuous Adtech ecosystem', 'real reference point', 'main shopping centres', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'high-quality advertising solutions', 'sustainable digital offer', 'major European hub', 'The DOOH offering', 'outdoor advertising market', 'iconic media space', '11 night bus lines', '8+2+2 year contract', 'major institutions', 'key market', '5 digital cubes', 'new offer', 'several years', 'The Group', 'new contract', 'Key Figures', 'advertising space', 'European Parliament', 'European Commission', 'public transport', '52 bus lines', 'sustainable development', 'advertising concessions', '1,091,811 advertising panels', 'major player', 'powerful offer', 'transport environment', 'Brussels Airport', 'exclusive contract', 'competitive tender', 'Belgian capital', '400,000 daily commuters', 'February 26th', 'existing furniture', 'busiest stations', '900 analogue displays', 'latest technologies', 'higher resolution', 'less power', 'planned campaigns', 'right audiences', 'measurable effects', 'DSP) suites', 'programmatic power', 'right message', 'right time', 'right place', 'real-time capabilities', '1.1 million people', '400 million trips', 'technological innovation', 'ESG commitments', 'strong priorities', 'ambitious targets', 'renewable energy', 'recyclable materials', 'waste management', 'street furniture', 'retail concessions', 'Jean-Charles Decaux', 'successful partnership', 'close collaboration', 'strong focus', 'emerging needs', 'true recognition', 'powerful, innovative', 'daily audience', '850 million people', 'advertising operation', '19 tram lines', 'advertising brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'last 10 years', 'passenger experience', '4 metro lines', '1.3 million inhabitants', 'Brussels-Capital Region', '11 surrounding municipalities', 'premium positioning', ""advertisers' goals"", 'optimal visibility', 'H1 2025 revenue', '69 metro stations', '26 STIB stations', 'STIB network', 'JCDecaux SE', '12 years', '19 municipalities', '2024 revenue', '10,000 inhabitants', 'STIB.', 'buses', '17th', 'number', 'trams', 'country', 'seat', 'Council', 'deployment', 'Arts-Loi', 'Louise', 'Schuman', 'communication', 'passengers', 'maintenance', '1,500 frames', 'stairs', 'VIOOH', 'SSP', 'Displayce', 'targeting', 'contextualisation', 'flexibility', '70% increase', 'users', 'growth', 'popularity', 'interest', 'day', 'terms', 'strategy', 'expertise', 'requirements', 'sustainability', 'companies', 'safety', 'rich', 'heart', 'Carrefour', 'Delhaize', 'Co-CEO', 'current', 'Belgium', 'skills', 'headquarters', 'confidence', 'order', 'products', 'services', 'efficiency', '80 countries', '3,894 cities', '12,026 employees', 'Eurolist', 'SBF 120', 'SBTi']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53761,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3189490/0/en/Banijay-Group-weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 17 November 2025  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions...,Press ReleaseParis – 17 November 2025Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 10 November to 14 November 2025 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 22 May 2025.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2025-11-10 BUY 86 9.365116 805.40 XAMS 2025-11-10 SELL 525 9.410952 4 940.75 XAMS 2025-11-11 BUY 95 9.268421 880.50 XAMS 2025-11-11 SELL 274 9.378467 2 569.70 XAMS 2025-11-12 BUY 57 9.400000 535.80 XAMS 2025-11-12 SELL 160 9.468750 1 515.00 XAMS 2025-11-13 BUY 24 9.366667 224.80 XAMS 2025-11-13 SELL 32 9.400000 300.80 XAMS 2025-11-14 BUY 161 9.249068 1 489.10 XAMS 2025-11-14 SELL 260 9.408846 2 446.30 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2025 results: 5 March 2026Investor Relationsinvestors@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comAbout Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include Content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  Live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and Online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2024  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4.8bn and €900m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'Banijay Group', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'global entertainment leader', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'Live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2025 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', '30-year entrepreneur', 'Content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'BNJ NA', 'BNJ.AS', 'Banijay Gaming', 'Paris', '17 November', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '10 November', '14 November', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '22 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '5 March', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Attachment']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53762,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188812/0/en/Societe-Generale-New-additional-share-buy-back-programme-of-EUR-1-billion.html,Societe Generale: New additional share buy-back programme of EUR 1 billion,NEW ADDITIONAL SHARE BUY-BACK OF EUR 1 BILLION  Regulated Information  Paris  17 November 2025  8:00 a.m.  Societe Generale announces today a new......,NEW ADDITIONAL SHARE BUY-BACK OF EUR 1 BILLIONRegulated InformationParis  17 November 2025  8:00 a.m.Societe Generale announces today a new exceptional capital distribution in the form of an additional EUR 1 billion share buy-back programme.The Board of Directors approved the launch of a new additional share buy-back programme  for cancellation purpose  of EUR 1 billion.Societe Generale obtained all necessary authorisations1  including from the ECB. These acquisitions of shares will be executed in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR). Societe Generale will start to repurchase its shares on 19 November 2025 at the earliest.Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with around 119 000 employees serving more than 26 million clients in 62 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. Mobility  International Retail Banking and Financial Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.1 From 19 to 20 November 2025 included  the buy-backs will be carried out pursuant to the description of the share buy-back programme of 17 May 2024 relating to the 22nd resolution of the Combined general meeting of shareholders of 22 May 2024  for which the authorisation for the company to purchase its own shares is valid until 22 November 2025 at the latest. As from 21 November 2025  the buy-backs will be carried out pursuant to the description of the share buy-back programme which will be published on 21 November 2025 morning and relating to the 19th resolution of the Combined general meeting of shareholders of 20 May 2025  for which the authorisation for the company to purchase its own shares is valid until 20 November 2026. It is specified that the implementation date of this 19th resolution was set by the Board of Directors at 21 November 2025  the date on which it will replace the aforementioned 22nd resolution.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.34,0.66,True,English,"['New additional share buy-back programme', 'Societe Generale', 'EUR', 'additional EUR 1 billion share buy-back programme', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'new additional share buy-back programme', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'EUR 1 BILLION Regulated Information', 'new exceptional capital distribution', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'leading digital bank', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'International Retail Banking', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'three complementary sets', 'specialized financing activities', 'Combined general meeting', 'distinctive global leadership', 'sustainable value creation', 'official Press Releases', 'several African countries', 'Group News page', 'societegenerale.com website', 'Global Banking', 'Financial Services', 'Inclusion Index', 'French Retail', 'leading franchises', 'leading partner', 'global player', 'web page', 'website societegenerale', 'Press contacts', 'The Group', 'sustainable future', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'Societe Generale', 'cancellation purpose', 'necessary authorisations', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'financial solutions', 'trusted relationships', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'equity derivatives', 'universal banks', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'blockchain technology', '22nd resolution', '19th resolution', 'sustainable mobility', 'The Board', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'implementation date', '26 million clients', 'individual clients', 'insurance franchise', '62 countries', 'Paris', '17 November', 'Directors', 'launch', 'ECB', 'acquisitions', 'shares', 'compliance', '19 November', 'socgen', '119,000 employees', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'businesses', 'BoursoBank', 'finance', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'document', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter/X', '20 November', 'buy-backs', 'description', '17 May', 'shareholders', '22 May', 'company', '22 November', '21 November', '20 May', 'Attachment', '8:00']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53763,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188852/0/en/Ramsay-Sante-conditions-of-availability-and-consultation-of-the-preparatory-documents-for-the-Ramsay-G%C3%A9n%C3%A9rale-de-Sant%C3%A9-General-Meeting-of-December-11-2025.html,Ramsay Sante : conditions of availability and consultation of the preparatory documents for the Ramsay Générale de Santé General Meeting of December 11  2025,PRESS RELEASE                Paris  14th November 2025  COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF DECEMBER 11  2025  Conditions of availability and...,PRESS RELEASEParis  14th November 2025COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF DECEMBER 11  2025Conditions of availability and consultation of the preparatory documents for the Ramsay Générale de Santé General Meeting of December 11  2025The shareholders of Ramsay Générale de Santé are invited to participate in the Combined General Meeting on Thursday  December 11  2025  which will take place at 10 a.m. at the Apostrophe 83 avenue Marceau 75116 Paris.The preliminary meeting notice was published in the French BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) on Monday  November 3  2025 and contains the agenda  the draft resolutions and the main terms of participation and voting at this General Meeting. This notice is also available on the Company’s website (www.ramsaysante.eu).The convening notice will be published within the applicable legal requirements on the BALO website and in a legal gazette  and will also be available on the Company’s website.All the documents and information provided for in article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code can be accessed on the Company’s website (www.ramsaysante.eu section “Finance and investors / Shareholder’s Meetings”) under the applicable legal and regulatory conditions.The documents referred to in Article R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code are made available to Shareholders as from the date of the convening notice for the Meeting in accordance with applicable regulations:Shareholders holding registered shares may  up to and including the fifth day prior to the Meeting  request that the Company sends these documents to them free of charge. For shareholders holding bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the provision of a certificate of registration in the accounts of the bearer shares issued by the authorized intermediary;Shareholders may consult these documents at the Company’s registered office  39  rue Mstislav Rostropovitch 75017 Paris  under the conditions provided for by applicable regulations.In accordance with the provisions of Article R. 225-84 of the French Commercial Code  shareholders may ask written questions to the Chairman of the Board of Directors. These questions must be addressed to the company's registered office : Ramsay Générale de Santé (Assemblée générale) 39  rue Mstislav Rostropovitch CS 60053 - 75850 Paris Cedex 17  by registered letter with acknowledgment of receipt or by electronic means to the following address: questions@ramsaysante.fr no later than the fourth working day preceding the date of the General Meeting  i.e.  December 5  2025. They must be accompanied by an account registration certificate.The 2025 General Meeting will be broadcast live and made available for replayon the Company's website: www.ramsaysante.fr  section “Finance and investors / Shareholder’s Meetings”.Shareholders are invited to regularly consult the Company's website to be informed of the latest communications.About Ramsay SantéRamsay Santé is the European leader in private hospitalisation and primary care. With 40 000 employees and 10 000 practitioners  the group welcomes 13 million patients each year in 492 facilities across five countries (France  Sweden  Norway  Denmark and Italy).As a mission-driven company  Ramsay Santé covers the entire care pathways in medicine  surgery  obstetrics  medical and rehabilitation care  mental health and primary care centres  with constant innovation to improves everyone's health and ensures equitable access to secure and qualitative care.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RamsaySanteInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/ramsaysanteTwitter: https://twitter.com/RamsaySanteLinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ramsaysanteYouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/RamsaySanteCode ISIN and Euronext Paris: FR0000044471Website: www.ramsaysante.frInvestor / Analyst Relations Press RelationsClément Lafaix Brigitte CachonTél. +33 1 87 86 21 52 Tél. +33 1 87 86 22 11clement.lafaix@ramsaysante.fr brigitte.cachon@ramsaysante.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Ramsay Générale de Santé General Meeting', 'Ramsay Sante', 'preparatory documents', 'conditions', 'availability', 'consultation', 'December', 'Ramsay Générale de Santé General Meeting', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Assemblée générale', 'Analyst Relations Press Relations', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'The 2025 General Meeting', 'Apostrophe 83 avenue Marceau', 'rue Mstislav Rostropovitch', 'fourth working day', 'French Commercial Code', 'Ramsay Santé', 'entire care pathways', 'Clément Lafaix', 'primary care centres', 'preliminary meeting notice', 'applicable legal requirements', 'RamsaySante Code ISIN', 'account registration certificate', 'ramsaysante.eu section', 'Tél', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'French BALO', 'rehabilitation care', 'qualitative care', 'legal gazette', 'applicable regulations', 'draft resolutions', 'main terms', 'convening notice', 'article R.', 'registered shares', 'bearer shares', 'authorized intermediary', 'registered office', 'electronic means', 'following address', 'latest communications', 'European leader', 'private hospitalisation', '13 million patients', 'five countries', 'constant innovation', 'equitable access', 'mental health', '75850 Paris Cedex', 'Euronext Paris', 'regulatory conditions', 'preparatory documents', 'BALO website', 'mission-driven company', 'Brigitte Cachon', '14th', 'DECEMBER', 'availability', 'consultation', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'place', '10 a', 'Monday', 'November', 'agenda', 'participation', 'voting', 'information', 'Finance', 'investors', 'Meetings', 'date', 'accordance', 'fifth', 'charge', 'exercise', 'right', 'provision', 'accounts', 'questions', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'letter', 'acknowledgment', 'receipt', '40,000 employees', '10,000 practitioners', 'group', '492 facilities', 'France', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'Italy', 'medicine', 'surgery', 'obstetrics', 'medical', 'everyone', 'secure', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'clement', 'Attachment']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53764,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188819/0/en/Bureau-Veritas-appoints-Santiago-Arias-Duval-as-Executive-Vice-President-for-the-Americas-region.html,Bureau Veritas appoints Santiago Arias Duval as Executive Vice-President for the Americas region,PRESS RELEASE  Paris – November 17th  2025  Bureau Veritas appoints Santiago Arias Duval as Executive Vice-President for the Americas region  Bureau......,"PRESS RELEASEParis – November 17th  2025Bureau Veritas appoints Santiago Arias Duvalas Executive Vice-President for the Americas regionBureau Veritas  a global leader in Testing  Inspection and Certification (TIC)  is pleased to announce the appointment of Santiago Arias Duval  effective November 17th  2025  as Executive Vice-President  Americas. This appointment is in line with Bureau Veritas’ new operating model effective since September 1st  2025.Bureau Veritas is evolving the structure of its executive committee to drive greater organizational alignment. This organization will empower the regions with scalable Product Lines  enabling global solutions development  and will be unlocking wider cross-selling opportunities.The Americas region is created to leverage fast developing market opportunities across countries in North  Central and South America. This is a dynamic region for all Bureau Veritas where the group intends to expand its leadership across product lines and create new strongholds in high growth markets. The new Americas region organization will facilitate the scaling of new solutions and services and will enable superior resources utilization across all Product Lines.Santiago Arias Duval will report to Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas  and joins the Group Executive Committee.Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas  commented: “I am delighted to welcome Santiago Arias Duval to the Group Executive Committee. With his wide industrial experience  proven business achievements and global operations exposures  he will drive our growth and development agenda in North  Central and South America. I am confident that  Santiago and the Americas teams will take the region to the next level of growth and performance and to deliver on our LEAP I 28 ambition.”Santiago Arias Duval  Executive Vice-President  Americas commented: ""I am honored to join Bureau Veritas and its talented teams across the Americas. The region presents a significant opportunity for growth and for building on the company's strong foundation of technical excellence  innovation  and trust. I look forward to working closely with Hinda  the Executive Committee  and the Americas team to accelerate growth  deepen our customer relationships  and advance the ambitions of the Leap I 28 strategy.""***Biography:Santiago Arias Duval served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Precision Technologies at Ingersoll Rand. In this role  he was responsible for the overall strategy  operations  and commercial performance of a diverse set of businesses serving customers across multiple industries worldwide.Joining Ingersoll Rand in 2017  Santiago held a series of leadership roles of increasing responsibility  including General Manager of Industrial Pumps and Medical North America and Vice President and General Manager of the Vacuum & Liquid Handling  and Life Sciences businesses. Throughout his tenure  Santiago has consistently delivered above-market organic growth  executed multiple acquisitions  and driven significant EBITDA margin expansion through commercial excellence  operational efficiency  and disciplined portfolio management.Before joining Ingersoll Rand  Santiago held leadership positions at Danaher Corporation  where he served as Packaging Business Unit Leader for X-Rite and as a consultant within the Danaher Business System Office  supporting global operating companies on new product commercialization. Earlier in his career  he worked in product management at Fluke (Danaher) and in operations at General Motors.Santiago holds a Master of Business Administration from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology.***ABOUT BUREAU VERITASBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress. With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 84 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit http://www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on LinkedIn .Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com . ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Martin Bovo +33 (0) 7 79 52 69 21 +33 (0)6 14 46 79 94 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com martin.bovo@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0) 6 80 53 26 72 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comRomain Gorgeromain.gorge@bureauveritas.comInès Lagoutteines.lagoutte@bureauveritas.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Santiago Arias Duval', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Executive Vice-President', 'Americas region', 'ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Martin Bovo', 'significant EBITDA margin expansion', 'Packaging Business Unit Leader', 'Danaher Business System Office', 'new Americas region organization', 'proven business achievements', 'greater organizational alignment', 'wider cross-selling opportunities', 'developing market opportunities', 'superior resources utilization', 'LEAP I 28 ambition', 'new operating model', 'global operating companies', 'wide industrial experience', 'Leap I 28 strategy', 'disciplined portfolio management', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new product commercialization', 'Santiago Arias Duval', 'Senior Vice President', 'Life Sciences businesses', 'CAC SBT 1.5° index', 'global solutions development', 'scalable Product Lines', 'high growth markets', 'market organic growth', 'global operations exposures', 'Group Executive Committee', 'The Americas region', 'Medical North America', 'laboratory testing services', 'global leader', 'new solutions', 'Business Administration', 'significant opportunity', 'product management', 'new strongholds', 'development agenda', 'overall strategy', 'Industrial Pumps', 'Executive Vice-President', 'South America', 'Danaher Corporation', 'dynamic region', 'world leader', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Bureau Veritas', 'September 1st', 'Americas teams', 'next level', 'talented teams', 'strong foundation', 'technical excellence', 'customer relationships', 'General Manager', 'Precision Technologies', 'Ingersoll Rand', 'diverse set', 'multiple industries', 'increasing responsibility', 'Liquid Handling', 'multiple acquisitions', 'commercial excellence', 'operational efficiency', 'General Motors', 'Massachusetts Institute', 'Electrical Engineering', 'Georgia Institute', 'powerful purpose', 'responsible progress', 'preferred partner', 'technical experts', 'environmental protection', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'Colin Verbrugghe', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'leadership roles', 'leadership positions', 'commercial performance', 'Euronext Paris', 'customers’ excellence', 'blockchain technology', 'November', 'Inspection', 'Certification', 'TIC', 'appointment', 'structure', 'regions', 'fast', 'countries', 'Central', 'scaling', 'company', 'innovation', 'trust', 'ambitions', 'Biography', 'series', 'Vacuum', 'tenure', 'X-Rite', 'consultant', 'career', 'Fluke', 'Master', 'Bachelor', 'vision', 'sustainability', 'change', '84,000 employees', 'challenges', 'quality', 'health', 'safety', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'LinkedIn']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53765,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188866/0/en/Eviden-Launches-Updated-GEMMA-Platform-to-Support-European-Next-Generation-112-and-Emergency-Response-Organizations.html,Eviden Launches Updated GEMMA Platform to Support European Next-Generation 112 and Emergency Response Organizations,Press Release  Eviden Launches Updated GEMMA Platform to Support European Next-Generation 112 and Emergency Response Organizations  GEMMA V9 introduces...,Press ReleaseEviden Launches Updated GEMMA Platform to Support European Next-Generation 112 and Emergency Response OrganizationsGEMMA V9 introduces new modules to support NG112  Emergency Medical Services and Fire & Rescue OperationsParis  France – November 17  2025 – Eviden  the Atos Group product brand leading in advanced computing  cybersecurity products  mission-critical systems and vision AI today announces GEMMA V9  a major new release of its flagship emergency management platform  GEMMA. This latest version  available now  marks a significant milestone in next-generation public safety communications  introducing powerful new capabilities fully aligned with the European Next Generation 112 (NG112) standards and new dedicated modules for Emergency Medical Services (EMS) and Fire & Rescue operations.GEMMA V9 will be showcased during Milipol on Eviden’s booth (Hall 5 – T182).GEMMA is a multi-agency system designed to support Public Safety Answering Points (PSAPs) and Emergency Response Organizations (EROs) in delivering fast and effective emergency responses. It enhances coordination between command centers and field personnel  managing the full lifecycle of emergency and crisis situations—from initial call handling and dispatching resources to guiding first responders and escalating events when necessary. With over 25 years of experience supporting critical missions across Europe and beyond  Eviden’s GEMMA platform empowers emergency services to act decisively and efficiently in high-stakes situations through advanced interoperability  real-time situational awareness  and data-driven decision support.GEMMA V9 key innovationsGEMMA NG112 Public Safety Answering Points (PSAPs) Module - Ready Communications CoreGEMMA now supports seamless multimedia emergency communications – including voice  video  real-time text  and data – fully compliant with the latest NG112 and NG9-1-1 standards. This ensures interoperability between emergency call centers and field responders across Europe and globally.GEMMA Emergency Medical Services (EMS) ModuleDesigned for paramedics and emergency medical dispatchers  the EMS module provides real-time patient triage  resource allocation  and medical data sharing  enabling rapid  informed decisions from call intake to hospital handover.GEMMA Fire & Rescue ModuleTailored for firefighting and rescue operations  this module enhances incident command and control through geolocation  dynamic risk assessment  and integrated resource tracking – ensuring precise coordination during critical missions.“With this new version of GEMMA  we are bringing next-generation public safety to life ” said Bernard Payer  Senior Vice President  Head of Mission-Critical Systems at Eviden  Atos Group. “By integrating NG112-native capabilities and specialized modules for EMS and Fire & Rescue  we are helping emergency organizations enhance collaboration  improve emergency situational intelligence  and ultimately save more lives.”A Unified & Collaborative Platform for Public Safety AgenciesWith this release  GEMMA reinforces its position as a comprehensive  modular platform connecting Emergency Communication Centers (ECCs)  first responders  and partner agencies within a unified digital ecosystem. Its flexible architecture allows seamless integration with legacy systems and emerging IoT and AI-based technologies  supporting agencies in their digital transformation journey toward fully connected public safety operations.***About Eviden’s expertise in homeland securityEviden delivers digital and communication systems for civil protection and law enforcement. They combine 4G/5G critical communications  emergency management  computer vision  signals intelligence  data analytics  AI and cybersecurity to safeguard citizens in urban areas  borders  major events  and critical sites.***About EvidenEviden is the Atos Group brand for hardware and software products with c. € 1 billion in revenue  operating in 36 countries and comprising four business units: advanced computing  cybersecurity products  mission-critical systems and vision AI. As a next-generation technology leader  Eviden offers a unique combination of hardware and software technologies for businesses  public sector and defense organizations and research institutions  helping them to create value out of their data. Bringing together more than 4 500 world-class talents and holding more than 2 100 patents  Eviden provides a strong portfolio of innovative and eco-efficient solutions in AI  computing  security  data and applications.About Atos GroupAtos Group is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 67 000 employees and annual revenue of c. €10 billion  operating in 61 countries under two brands — Atos for services and Eviden for products. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  Atos Group is committed to a secure and decarbonized future and provides tailored AI-powered  end-to-end solutions for all industries. Atos Group is the brand under which Atos SE (Societas Europaea) operates. Atos SE is listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos Group is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactIsabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0)6 64 56 74 88Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Emergency Response Organizations', 'GEMMA Platform', 'European Next-Generation 112', 'Eviden', 'GEMMA NG112 Public Safety Answering Points', 'European Next Generation 112 (NG112) standards', 'next-generation public safety communications', 'seamless multimedia emergency communications', 'NG112, Emergency Medical Services', 'GEMMA V9 key innovations', 'flagship emergency management platform', 'GEMMA Emergency Medical Services', 'Atos Group product brand', 'public safety operations', 'Ready Communications Core', 'Public Safety Agencies', 'emergency medical dispatchers', 'data-driven decision support', 'rapid, informed decisions', 'dynamic risk assessment', 'Senior Vice President', 'four business units', 'effective emergency responses', '4G/5G critical communications', 'initial call handling', 'real-time situational awareness', 'real-time patient triage', 'comprehensive, modular platform', 'integrated resource tracking', 'next-generation technology leader', 'Emergency Response Organizations', 'emergency call centers', 'Emergency Communication Centers', 'powerful new capabilities', 'medical data sharing', 'high performance computing', 'emergency situational intelligence', 'new dedicated modules', 'unified digital ecosystem', 'digital transformation journey', 'Atos Group brand', 'major new release', 'latest NG112', 'European Next-Generation 112', 'emergency services', 'public sector', 'NG9-1-1 standards', 'emergency organizations', 'seamless integration', 'European number', 'new modules', 'GEMMA Platform', 'command centers', 'real-time text', 'call intake', 'new version', 'Collaborative Platform', 'resource allocation', 'NG112-native capabilities', 'A Unified', 'communication systems', 'defense organizations', 'global leader', 'specialized modules', 'critical missions', 'critical sites', 'Atos SE', 'Rescue Operations', 'Press Release', 'advanced computing', 'mission-critical systems', 'latest version', 'significant milestone', 'multi-agency system', 'field personnel', 'full lifecycle', 'crisis situations', 'first responders', 'high-stakes situations', 'field responders', 'hospital handover', 'incident command', 'Bernard Payer', 'partner agencies', 'flexible architecture', 'legacy systems', 'emerging IoT', 'AI-based technologies', 'civil protection', 'law enforcement', 'computer vision', 'urban areas', 'major events', 'unique combination', 'software technologies', 'research institutions', '4,500 world-class talents', 'strong portfolio', 'eco-efficient solutions', 'two brands', 'decarbonized future', 'tailored AI-powered', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europa', 'software products', 'data analytics', 'vision AI', 'advanced interoperability', 'precise coordination', 'homeland security', 'annual revenue', 'GEMMA Fire', 'Rescue Module', 'cybersecurity products', 'PSAPs) Module', 'EMS module', 'Eviden', 'Paris', 'France', 'November', 'Milipol', 'booth', 'Hall', 'T18', 'EROs', 'fast', 'resources', 'escalating', '25 years', 'experience', 'voice', 'video', 'paramedics', 'firefighting', 'control', 'geolocation', 'Head', 'collaboration', 'lives', 'position', 'ECCs', 'connected', 'expertise', 'signals', 'citizens', 'borders', 'hardware', '36 countries', 'businesses', 'value', '2,100 patents', 'innovative', 'applications', 'c.', '67,000 employees', '61 countries', 'cloud', 'secure', 'industries']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53766,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188802/0/en/Technip-Energies-to-supply-liquefied-CO2-marine-loading-arms-for-phase-2-of-the-Northern-Lights-project-in-Norway.html,Technip Energies to supply liquefied CO2 marine loading arms for phase 2 of the Northern Lights project in Norway,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) Loading Systems has been awarded a contract to supply three fully electric marine loading arms for phase 2 of the Northern Lights CO2 transport and storage project in Øygarden  Norway.,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) Loading Systems has been awarded a contract to supply three fully electric marine loading arms for phase 2 of the Northern Lights CO 2 transport and storage project in Øygarden  Norway.The loading solution will be installed at the new Northern Lights jetty and will consist of three marine loading arms fully qualified to transfer liquefied CO 2 . For this second phase  Technip Energies Loading Systems will deliver a fully electric design  a first-of-a-kind eliminating the use of hydraulics and setting a new industry benchmark in terms of operability  safety  and environmental performance.This contract builds on the successful delivery of the world’s first liquefied CO 2 marine loading arms by Technip Energies Loading Systems for phase 1 of the project  which entered operation in summer 2025. This second phase of development will increase the terminal’s capacity to handle more than 5 million tonnes of CO 2 per year by 2028.The fully electric marine loading arms have been technically qualified and selected for their advanced performance  demonstrating Technip Energies Loading Systems’ capacity to bring cutting-edge  field-ready innovation to the CCS market.Charles Cessot  Senior Vice President T.EN X – Consulting & Systems  commented: “The adoption of our fully electric marine loading arms underscores our commitment to innovation and to enabling the carbon management infrastructure that Europe needs. This new award follows the successful delivery and operational start-up of the world’s first liquefied CO₂ marine loading arms for phase 1  positioning us as a trusted partner in this pioneering CCS project. It further strengthens Technip Energies’ leadership in the CCS market and reflects our ability to deliver innovative solutions tailored to the evolving needs of our clients and the industry.”Northern Lights  a joint venture between Equinor  Shell and TotalEnergies  is the world’s first open-access  cross-border CO₂ transport and storage infrastructure. The terminal receives liquefied CO₂ shipped from European industrial sites  stores it temporarily  and transports it offshore for permanent storage beneath the seabed.This award was recorded in Q3 2025 in the Technology  Products & Services segment.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO 2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 17 000+ employees across 34 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €6.9 billion in 2024 and is listed on Euronext Paris. The Company also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comContactsInvestor RelationsPhillip LindsayVice-President Investor RelationsTel: +44 207 585 5051Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneImportant Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies’ (the “Company”) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company’s future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “intend”  “foresee”  “should”  “would”  “could”  “may”  “estimate”  “outlook”  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company’s forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company’s control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company’s risk factors set forth in the Company’s 2024 Annual Financial Report filed on March 10  2025  with the Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) and the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and in the Company’s 2025 Half-Year Report filed on July 31  2025 with the AFM and the AMF  which include a discussion of factors that could affect the Company’s future performance and the markets in which the Company operates.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.19,0.65,True,English,"['liquefied CO2 marine loading arms', 'Northern Lights project', 'Technip Energies', 'phase', 'Norway', 'three fully electric marine loading arms', 'first liquefied CO₂ marine loading arms', 'first open-access, cross-border CO₂ transport', 'three marine loading arms', 'CO 2 marine loading arms', 'Technip Energies Loading Systems’ capacity', 'Northern Lights CO 2 transport', 'new Northern Lights jetty', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'TE) Loading Systems', 'Social Media Manager', 'Senior Vice President', 'T.EN X', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'European industrial sites', 'complementary business segments', 'Technip Energies’ leadership', 'Vice-President Investor Relations', 'new industry benchmark', 'carbon management infrastructure', 'cutting-edge, field-ready innovation', 'pioneering CCS project', 'loading solution', 'electric design', 'CO 2 management', 'Press Relations', 'new award', 'storage infrastructure', 'leadership positions', 'industrial reality', 'business conditions', 'CCS market', 'storage project', 'successful delivery', '5 million tonnes', 'Charles Cessot', 'operational start-up', 'trusted partner', 'innovative solutions', 'evolving needs', 'joint venture', 'permanent storage', 'engineering powerhouse', 'sustainable chemistry', 'Project Delivery', '17,000+ employees', 'Jason Hyonne', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future results', 'financial condition', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'potential effect', 'actual results', 'historical experience', 'present expectations', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'environmental performance', 'advanced performance', 'Services segment', 'global technology', 'critical markets', 'energy derivatives', 'Euronext Paris', 'Important Information', 'second phase', 'underlying assumptions', 'The Company', 'contract', 'Øygarden', 'Norway', 'kind', 'hydraulics', 'terms', 'operability', 'safety', 'world', 'summer', 'terminal', 'year', 'Consulting', 'adoption', 'commitment', 'clients', 'Equinor', 'Shell', 'TotalEnergies', 'seabed', 'Q3', 'Products', 'LNG', 'hydrogen', 'ethylene', 'decarbonization', 'circularity', 'TPS', 'scalable', 'collaboration', 'excellence', 'execution', '34 countries', 'prosperity', 'sustainability', 'revenues', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email', 'Investors', 'Securityholders', 'intentions', 'beliefs', 'projections', 'operations', 'earnings', 'cashflows', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'opportunities', 'words', 'plan', 'outlook', 'absence', 'assurance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'control', '44', '33']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53767,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3189401/0/en/Weekly-report-share-buyback-from-November-10-to-November-13-2025.html,Weekly report share buyback from November 10 to November 13  2025,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from November 10  2025  to November 13  2025.,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from November 10  2025  to November 13  2025.These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program with a discretionary mandate carried out by an investment services provider making decisions relating to the acquisition of Technip Energies shares independently.Name of the issuer Identity Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/10/2025 NL0014559478 8 378 35.423395 AQEU TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/10/2025 NL0014559478 50 924 35.409795 CCXE TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/10/2025 NL0014559478 8 006 35.411511 TQEX TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/10/2025 NL0014559478 77 431 35.397564 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/11/2025 NL0014559478 8 374 35.866757 AQEU TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/11/2025 NL0014559478 49 966 35.836311 CCXE TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/11/2025 NL0014559478 8 083 35.824179 TQEX TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/11/2025 NL0014559478 77 762 35.847751 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/12/2025 NL0014559478 8 791 36.041754 AQEU TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/12/2025 NL0014559478 51 934 36.021381 CCXE TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/12/2025 NL0014559478 8 421 36.049001 TQEX TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/12/2025 NL0014559478 79 061 36.042485 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 11/13/2025 NL0014559478 48 049 35.797910 XPAR TOTAL 485 180 35.766558For detailed information on the transactions carried out and on the objectives of the shares purchases  please refer to the detailed declaration available on: https://investors.technipenergies.com/notice-trading-own-shares.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO 2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 17 000+ employees across 34 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €6.9 billion in 2024 and is listed on Euronext Paris. The Company also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.com.ContactsInvestors relationsPhillip LindsayVice-President  Investor RelationsTel: +44 207 585 5051Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media LeadTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Weekly report share buyback', 'November', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'AQEU TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'TQEX TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'CCXE TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Technip Energies shares', 'Total daily volume', 'Social Media Lead', 'complementary business segments', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'investment services provider', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'buyback program', 'discretionary mandate', 'Identity Day', 'Identity code', 'financial instrument', 'MIC Code', 'detailed declaration', 'engineering powerhouse', 'leadership positions', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'critical markets', 'Project Delivery', 'industrial reality', '17,000+ employees', 'The Company', 'Investors relations', 'shares Market', 'shares purchases', 'detailed information', 'global technology', 'energy derivatives', 'Euronext Paris', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'November', 'transactions', 'part', 'decisions', 'acquisition', 'Name', 'issuer', 'number', 'objectives', 'technipenergies', 'LNG', 'hydrogen', 'ethylene', 'development', 'decarbonization', 'circularity', 'Products', 'TPS', 'innovation', 'scalable', 'collaboration', 'excellence', 'execution', '34 countries', 'prosperity', 'sustainability', 'world', 'revenues', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Vice-President', 'Tel', 'Email', '847751', '44', '33']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53768,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3189594/0/en/Eviden-built-JUPITER-Supercomputer-Hits-Exascale-Milestone-According-to-the-TOP500-a-First-in-Europe.html,Eviden-built JUPITER Supercomputer Hits Exascale Milestone According to the TOP500  a First in Europe,Eviden’s JUPITER becomes Europe’s first exascale supercomputer  ranking #4 worldwide and #1 in energy efficiency  as Eviden leads the Green500 again.......,Paris  France – November 17  2025 – Eviden  the Atos Group product brand leading in advanced computing  announces today the rankings of its 58 Eviden-built systems1 in the TOP500 and Green500  official listings of the world’s most powerful and most energy-efficient supercomputers.Amongst the 58 Eviden-built systems listed in the TOP500  JUPITER  through its Booster partition  remains the 4th most powerful supercomputer in the world and Europe’s 1st  marking a historic milestone as Europe’s first system to officially break the symbolic ExaFlop barrier – one billion billion calculations per second.Eviden also leads the Green500 for the fourth edition in a row  claiming the top three spots with its Eviden-built systems KAIROS (CALMIP)  ROMEO (URCA)  and the Levante GPU extension (DKRZ) – and with JUPITER being recognized as the most energy-efficient of all existing exascale-class supercomputers.These achievements underscore Eviden’s unwavering commitment to innovation  performance  and sustainability—accelerating the adoption of AI and large-scale simulation for science  research  and technological progress.JUPITER breaks the Exascale barrier  a historic milestoneDeveloped by the Jülich Supercomputing Centre (JSC) in collaboration with the EuroHPC Joint Undertaking (EuroHPC JU) and procured by EuroHPC  JUPITER is Europe’s first exascale computer to reach that gigantic level of performance  enabling groundbreaking AI training and scientific simulations in fields like climate  energy  medicine  and materials research. It has already powered over 100 projects  achieving milestones such as simulating a universal quantum computer with 50 qubits and modeling the entire Earth system at one-kilometer resolution.Ranked 4th worldwide in the TOP500 and 1st in Europe  JUPITER Booster partition is also recognized by the Green500 as the most energy-efficient supercomputer amongst all exascale-class systems. With 63 GigaFlops per watt  JUPITER Booster partition demonstrates the best performance-per-watt ratio  ensuring lower energy consumption  compared to its exascale competitors  assuming all systems are scaled to the same 1 ExaFlop performance.Built in record time with sustainable design  JUPITER sets global efficiency standards and forms the core of the JUPITER AI Factory  soon offering secure access to AI models for research  start-ups  and industry.Eviden leads the Green500 for the fourth edition in a rowEviden has taken the lead in sustainable high-performance computing  claiming the top three positions in the Green500 ranking with KAIROS (#1 at 73 GFlops/Watt)  ROMEO (#2 at 70 GFlops/Watt)  and Levante GPU extension (#3 at 69 GFlops/Watt). This ranking matters as GFlops per Watt measures how many calculations a system performs for every unit of energy consumed  with a higher GFlop/Watt indicating lower energy consumption and costs. This success is the result of years of innovation  especially with Eviden’s patented fifth-generation Direct Liquid Cooling  expertise in HPC applications  and smart software like Argos for real-time energy optimization. As AI and HPC demands soar  Eviden sets the benchmark for sustainable growth.Bruno Lecointe  VP  global head of HPC  HPC-AI and Quantum Computing at Eviden  Atos Group said “Breaking the symbolic 1 ExaFlop ceiling  building the most energy-efficient Exascale supercomputer and leading the Green500 with the top three positions is a defining and proud moment for the Eviden teams. These results demonstrate that the future of computing is not only about scale and speed  but also about responsibility  delivering unprecedented power while minimizing environmental impact. As demand for AI and HPC accelerates globally  we remain committed to driving innovation that combines performance and efficiency  shaping a more sustainable digital future for science  industry  and society.”***About EvidenEviden is the Atos Group brand for hardware and software products with c. € 1 billion in revenue  operating in 36 countries and comprising four business units: advanced computing  cybersecurity products  mission-critical systems and vision AI. As a next-generation technology leader  Eviden offers a unique combination of hardware and software technologies for businesses  public sector and defense organizations and research institutions  helping them to create value out of their data. Bringing together more than 4 500 world-class talents and holding more than 2 100 patents  Eviden provides a strong portfolio of innovative and eco-efficient solutions in AI  computing  security  data and applications.About Atos GroupAtos Group is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 67 000 employees and annual revenue of c. €10 billion  operating in 61 countries under two brands — Atos for services and Eviden for products. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  Atos Group is committed to a secure and decarbonized future and provides tailored AI-powered  end-to-end solutions for all industries. Atos Group is the brand under which Atos SE (Societas Europaea) operates. Atos SE is listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos Group is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactConstance Arnoux – constance.arnoux@eviden.com – +33 6 44 12 16 351 This figure includes all 57 systems listed in the TOP500 under the “Eviden” brand  as well as the Gefion system of the Danish Centre for AI Innovation (DCAI)  built by Eviden powered by NVIDIA,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,True,English,"['JUPITER Supercomputer', 'Exascale Milestone', 'Eviden-built', 'TOP500', 'Europe', 'Jülich Supercomputing Centre', 'fifth-generation Direct Liquid Cooling', 'one billion billion calculations', '4th most powerful supercomputer', 'Atos Group product brand', 'top three spots', 'Levante GPU extension', 'top three positions', 'symbolic 1 ExaFlop ceiling', 'four business units', 'symbolic ExaFlop barrier', 'universal quantum computer', 'next-generation technology leader', 'lower energy consumption', 'real-time energy optimization', 'existing exascale-class supercomputers', 'EuroHPC Joint Undertaking', 'first exascale computer', 'entire Earth system', 'energy-efficient Exascale supercomputer', 'same 1 ExaFlop performance', 'groundbreaking AI training', 'sustainable high-performance computing', 'global efficiency standards', 'Atos Group brand', 'JUPITER Booster partition', 'sustainable digital future', 'high performance computing', 'JUPITER AI Factory', 'energy-efficient supercomputer', 'Exascale barrier', 'many calculations', 'global leader', 'first system', 'exascale competitors', 'sustainable design', 'sustainable growth', 'Quantum Computing', 'digital transformation', 'global head', 'exascale-class systems', 'Atos SE', 'advanced computing', '58 Eviden-built systems1', 'official listings', 'historic milestone', 'fourth edition', 'unwavering commitment', 'large-scale simulation', 'technological progress', 'EuroHPC JU', 'gigantic level', 'scientific simulations', 'one-kilometer resolution', 'record time', 'higher GFlop/Watt', 'smart software', 'Bruno Lecointe', 'proud moment', 'unprecedented power', 'environmental impact', 'unique combination', 'software technologies', 'public sector', 'defense organizations', '4,500 world-class talents', 'strong portfolio', 'eco-efficient solutions', 'two brands', 'European number', 'decarbonized future', 'tailored AI-powered', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europa', 'best performance', 'mission-critical systems', 'AI models', 'vision AI', 'software products', 'materials research', 'secure access', 'research institutions', 'annual revenue', 'watt ratio', 'cybersecurity products', 'Eviden teams', 'HPC applications', 'Green500 ranking', 'Paris', 'France', 'November', 'rankings', 'TOP500', 'KAIROS', 'CALMIP', 'ROMEO', 'URCA', 'DKRZ', 'achievements', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'adoption', 'science', 'JSC', 'collaboration', 'fields', 'climate', 'medicine', '100 projects', 'milestones', '50 qubits', '63 GigaFlops', 'core', 'start-ups', 'industry', '73 GFlops', '70 GFlops', '69 GFlops', 'costs', 'success', 'result', 'years', 'expertise', 'Argos', 'benchmark', 'VP', 'HPC-AI', 'defining', 'speed', 'responsibility', 'demand', 'society', 'hardware', '36 countries', 'businesses', 'value', 'data', '2,100 patents', 'innovative', 'c.', '67,000 employees', '61 countries', 'services', 'cloud', 'industries']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53769,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/11/17/3188821/0/en/TME-Pharma-announces-receipt-of-agreements-in-principle-to-extend-certain-bond-agreements.html,TME Pharma announces receipt of agreements in principle to extend certain bond agreements,TME management is extending the maturity of the debt to enlarge financial visibility into Q2 of 2027 and prevent further dilution.......,"TME Pharma announces receipt of agreements in principle to extend certain bond agreementsBerlin  Germany  November 17  2025  08.00am CET – TME Pharma N.V. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALTME)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of novel therapies for cancer and eye diseases  announced today that certain holders of the bonds issued in May and August  2025 have agreed in principle to extend the maturity of the bonds for a one year period. These bond holders  Diede van den Ouden (CEO) and 2 members of the Supervisory Board  hold 29% of the regular bonds issued in May and August 2025 for a total face value amount of €718 946.TME Pharma will also discuss with other lenders who participated in the May and August 2025 bond issuance to try to procure similar extensions of their debt. TME Pharma believes now may be the right time  as the Company has gained traction with its newly implemented strategy and has seen its transition to a low-cost company successfully completed.A successful extension of the entire May and August bonds would extend the Company’s financial visibility to more than twelve months  into in Q2 2027. Taking into account the current reduction in costs to approximately €110k per month (where possible  costs will continue to be cut) and the cash position of around €2.1M at November 14  2025. Current financial visibility ends at May 28  2026 with the existing bond maturity dates.Under the bond extensions under discussion  the main conditions of the loans would not change  except for the extension by one year bringing the new maturity date to May 28  2027  and the increase in total loan reimbursement amount  which would have to be repaid at 104.7% of the nominal value of the bond in cash at the new maturity date (as compared to 93.5% of the bond nominal value at May 28  2026) or at 112% of the nominal value of the bond in the case of conversion to shares (formerly 100% of the bond nominal value).TME Pharma emphasizes that its primary goal remains to unlock the value of its biotech assets. The additional activities the Company is envisaging serves to support that goal. A sound operational foundation should help TME Pharma to find partners and limit the risk of shareholder dilution.Diede van den Ouden  CEO of TME Pharma  said: “Ever since I started working for TME Pharma  I've said I want to help the company move forward. I’m a shareholder myself  and I've done everything  and will do everything I can to limit shareholder dilution. Extending this debt could prevent dilution for even a much longer period. We are building a healthy future with TME Pharma and I think it is a positive sign that individuals closely involved with the Company are now once again willing to show their confidence in the Company’s future. I believe this will help us convince other bondholders as well  allowing us to visibly extend the financial performance and attract new investors interested in the complementary strategy.”For more information  please contact:TME Pharma N.V.Diede van den Ouden  CEOir@tmepharma.comAbout TME PharmaTME Pharma is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of novel therapies for cancer and eye diseases. The Company’s lead compounds have been designed to act on the tumor microenvironment (TME) and the cancer immunity cycle by breaking tumor protection barriers against the immune system and blocking tumor repair. The Company’s two lead assets are:NOX-A12 (olaptesed pegol  an anti-CXCL12 L-RNA aptamer)  which is being studied (GLORIA Phase 1/2 clinical trial) in newly-diagnosed brain cancer patients who will not benefit clinically from standard chemotherapy. The US FDA and the German BfArM have approved the design of a randomized Phase 2 trial in glioblastoma  and TME Pharma was awarded Fast Track Designation by the FDA for NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy and bevacizumab for use in the treatment of the aggressive adult brain cancer  glioblastoma. NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy had also previously received orphan drug designation (ODD) for glioblastoma in the United States and glioma in Europe.NOX-E36 (emapticap pegol  L-RNA aptamer inhibiting CCL2 and related chemokines)  which is being evaluated in ophthalmic diseases with a high need for well-tolerated therapies with anti-fibrotic effect.The Company  under the leadership of its new CEO  Diede van den Ouden  who joined in the June 2025  is currently undertaking a strategic restructuring with the goal of providing the financial resources to unlock the value of NOX-A12 and NOX-E36. These steps include:Raising funds from alternative sources (€1.7 million raised in May 2025  including €500 000 from the new CEO)Pursuing stable  cash-generating business opportunities to achieve positive operational cash flow for the CompanyLeveraging tax loss carry forwardsPotentially gaining exposure to digital assetsFurther information can be found at: www.tmepharma.com .About the GLORIA StudyGLORIA (NCT04121455) is TME Pharma’s dose-escalation  Phase 1/2 study of NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy in first-line partially resected or unresected glioblastoma (brain cancer) patients with unmethylated MGMT promoter (resistant to standard chemotherapy). GLORIA further evaluates safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in the expansion arm in which NOX-A12 is combined with radiotherapy and bevacizumab.About the OPTIMUS StudyOPTIMUS (NCT04901741) is TME Pharma’s planned open-label two-arm Phase 2 study of NOX-A12 combined with pembrolizumab and nanoliposomal irinotecan/5-FU/leucovorin or gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in microsatellite-stable metastatic pancreatic cancer patients.DisclaimerTranslations of any press release into languages other than English are intended solely as a convenience to the non-English-reading audience. The company has attempted to provide an accurate translation of the original text in English  but due to the nuances in translating into another language  slight differences may exist. This press release includes certain disclosures that contain ""forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are based on TME Pharma’s current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties  risks and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include  but are not limited to  the risks inherent in oncology drug development  including clinical trials and the timing of and TME Pharma’s ability to obtain regulatory approvals for NOX-A12 as well as any other drug candidates. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are made as of this date  and TME Pharma undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law.Management will now iParallel to its core biotechnology activities  the company is exploring potential acquisitions and partnerships in stable  profitable businesses. These efforts are aimed at creating a fundamentally profitable corporate structure in which revenues from non-core activities will support and strengthen the further development of its patented drug candidates  which remain the company's flagship products  NOXA12 and NOX-E36.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.27,0.2,True,English,"['TME Pharma', 'bond agreements', 'receipt', 'principle', 'GLORIA Phase 1/2 clinical trial', 'Diede van den Ouden', 'total loan reimbursement amount', 'stable, cash-generating business opportunities', 'total face value amount', 'aggressive adult brain cancer', 'existing bond maturity dates', 'positive operational cash flow', 'TME Pharma N.V.', 'randomized Phase 2 trial', 'Phase 1/2 study', 'sound operational foundation', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Fast Track Designation', 'orphan drug designation', 'Leveraging tax loss', 'brain cancer patients', 'cancer immunity cycle', 'tumor protection barriers', 'new maturity date', 'anti-CXCL12 L-RNA aptamer', 'two lead assets', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'one year period', 'Current financial visibility', 'The US FDA', 'bond nominal value', 'August 2025 bond issuance', 'GLORIA Study', 'positive sign', 'current reduction', 'longer period', 'lead compounds', 'new investors', 'cash position', 'bond extensions', 'biotech assets', 'tumor microenvironment', 'tumor repair', 'digital assets', 'financial performance', 'financial resources', '08.00am CET', 'eye diseases', 'Supervisory Board', 'other lenders', 'similar extensions', 'right time', 'twelve months', 'main conditions', 'additional activities', 'other bondholders', 'immune system', 'standard chemotherapy', 'German BfArM', 'United States', 'related chemokines', 'ophthalmic diseases', 'high need', 'anti-fibrotic effect', 'strategic restructuring', 'alternative sources', 'The Company', 'bond agreements', 'bond holders', 'new CEO', 'novel therapies', 'low-cost company', 'regular bonds', 'successful extension', 'healthy future', 'complementary strategy', 'emapticap pegol', 'Further information', 'shareholder dilution', 'primary goal', 'August bonds', 'NOX-A12 i', 'entire May', 'receipt', 'principle', 'Berlin', 'Germany', 'ALTME', 'development', '2 members', 'debt', 'traction', 'transition', 'Q2', 'account', 'costs', 'possible', 'November', 'discussion', 'loans', 'increase', 'case', 'conversion', 'shares', 'partners', 'risk', 'everything', 'individuals', 'confidence', 'tmepharma', 'glioblastoma', 'combination', 'radiotherapy', 'bevacizumab', 'use', 'treatment', 'ODD', 'glioma', 'Europe', 'NOX-E36', 'CCL2', 'tolerated', 'leadership', 'June', 'steps', 'funds', 'exposure', 'dose-escalation']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,globenewswire.com
53770,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2025/11/17/the-new-business-deals-zelensky-thesea-bass-and-the-pax-americana-how-the-m-m-treats-samaras-metlens-new-acquisition-and-the-sale-of-iktinos/,The new business deals  Zelensky  the…sea bass and the Pax Americana  how the M.M. treats Samaras  Metlen’s new acquisition and the sale of Iktinos,The silent Chinese wave at the Port of Piraeus & the Greek shipping at full throttleThe post The new business deals  Zelensky  the…sea bass and the Pax Americana  how the M.M. treats Samaras  Metlen’s new acquisition and the sale of Iktinos appeared first on…,Newsroom November 17 10:01Hello  some thoughts on today’s anniversary of the Polytechnic uprising. Usually  all over the world  after a few years have passed from a historic event for a country  the state  the protagonists—if they are still alive—and society honor that very event with ceremonies of remembrance and respect  some tributes  but generally with peaceful demonstrations of collective memory. In Greece  52 years later  the day of the uprising of students and other citizens against the Junta becomes an occasion to smash and wreck Athens  to destroy with paint the…martyr-like (in every sense) façade of the Polytechnic and  by the end of the day  to burn…a few shops in the center of Athens with Molotov cocktails  right in front of the eyes of thousands of stunned tourists who are still enjoying—mid-November—the blessed Greek weather. If this is what we want half a century later  let us reflect on it. But I think that the overwhelming majority of people do not want this  without it meaning that they do not honor the people who rose up then against the Junta and who either risked or lost their lives.Business and Pax AmericanaBeyond that  everything we have seen for the past 15 days happening in Athens regarding the geopolitical and business agreements with the USA was completed yesterday with the arrival of Zelensky  who came to sign that Ukraine will procure—via Greece—American LNG. As for the rest of what he is asking  mainly in weapons and such  I don’t think he will get it  and I think the most substantial meeting he had here yesterday was with Ambassador Guilfoyle regarding the agreement  and not only that  since of course he is very interested in the direct and effective access she has to the President of the United States. In any case  let me repeat that for the last three weeks the “American factor” has been steadily here  building deals and business agreements  and is not in Turkey  with whatever that implies. But mainly  what interests everyone is the security of the country against Turkey  which  of course  is primarily ensured by the Americans. That “I am here” which Guilfoyle said recently at the Greece Talks conference last Friday  when she was asked about the Eastern threat  is currently linked with the “Vertical Corridor ” which not only passes through Greece but is the entry gate for American natural gas into Europe.Sea bass and LNGI should tell you that the atmosphere yesterday at the Maximos Mansion was very warm  while K.M. had also planned to host Zelensky and the Ukrainian delegation. After the statements and the signing of the gas agreement  there was a lunch for the two delegations  with a menu of sea bass with greens and bouillabaisse  and I hear that Zelensky didn’t drink wine. Now  I don’t know whether he liked the sea bass  but the agreement for the supply of gas was certainly crucial for him  as winter in Ukraine is baring its teeth. This agreement was essentially the follow-up to the agreement announced at P-TEC for the AKTOR–DEPA partnership for LNG transport  and it will go into operation at the end of December.Immediate profits from LNG for AKTORTaking the opportunity from what we said earlier  let me add an important business tip. As announced  DEPA Commercial and Naftogaz of Ukraine yesterday signed a Declaration of Intent for the supply of natural gas to the Ukrainian market for the winter period  from December 2025 to March 2026. The agreement stipulates that the transport of LNG from the USA will be carried out via “Route 1 ” which has been allocated to the Transmission System Operators (TSOs). If we “translate” the announcement in business terms  it means that the interstate agreement will be executed via Atlantic-See LNG Trade (of Venture Global  AKTOR  and DEPA). Consequently  the trade of American LNG starts immediately  from mid-December  and not in 2030—something that means that AKTOR’s 60% subsidiary will already begin to produce results for its balance sheet from early 2026  since the results of Atlantic-See LNG are consolidated into those of AKTOR. In other words  the AKTOR group begins to record profits from the new activity much earlier.Kimberly and the dronesAs for energy matters and Greece’s decision to play the card of this agreement  do not overlook the role of Kimberly Guilfoyle  who has come to Greece with a clear agenda  which she described last Friday at Greece Talks. Let me add  parenthetically  that her interview generated a lot of discussion and she herself was satisfied because she conveyed clear messages. Beyond that  this time there was little discussion about weapons in the foreground  but something is moving in the background. For example  I do not consider it coincidental that the Chief of the Hellenic National Defense General Staff  Choupis  was present yesterday at noon at the Maximos Mansion  as he participated in the extended meeting of the delegations. The Ukrainians are definitely asking for weapons that we cannot provide  such as Patriots. But we do have some “decommissioned” Russian weapons that have not been supported for some years now. I hear that the Ukrainians have begun to put on the table the provision of Ukrainian drones to our country in return  but an agreement is still a way off.The interview on ERTBefore departing for Singapore on Wednesday (he will return on Saturday)  K.M. is expected  as I hear  to give an in-depth  wide-ranging interview. It will be on the morning show of ERTNews (Papachlimintzos–Douka)  his first appearance on public television since the launch of the new news channel. Whether it will be Tuesday or Wednesday will likely be “locked in” today.Stamatis and MitsotakisYesterday  after a hard battle with cancer  Dimitris Stamatis passed away—a modest  serious  and always conciliatory politician  a close friend of Antonis Samaras. I was struck by the excerpt in Mitsotakis’ condolence statement: “…when we served together in the government under Antonis Samaras.” A similar statement was made by Skertsos  referring to his presence in the 2012–14 government: “…when we kept the country together during the difficult years under the guidance of A. Samaras and E. Venizelos.” I have the impression that the entire New Democracy party  from K.M. down to the rank-and-file members  will view Samaras in a completely opposite way from how he views them—and especially the Prime Minister.Pavlos MarinakisPavlos Marinakis’ bill regarding ERT  the media it regulates  their long-standing pending issues  and also the rule of law  passed triumphantly through Parliament’s competent committees on Friday  and all the relevant sector bodies spoke highly of it—even those… politically opposed. Tsapanidou from SYRIZA  as well as almost the rest of the opposition  were against it  proving why these people are “elsewhere” and generally unable to understand that blanket refusal leads nowhere.METLEN submits an offer  PPC goes to London for the business planMoving on to market news—which today I assume will shift into a different pattern after the Fitch upgrade and the news from Euronext. The week begins with significant business developments from major groups and smaller listed companies. First of all  today METLEN submits its financial offer for the acquisition of the aluminum plant in Dunkirk. If the bet pays off  the profile of the metallurgy sector for METLEN will change  with the group adding to the sector (based on last year’s results) an annual EBITDA of about €300 million and net profits of €150 million. The baton is passed on Wednesday to PPC  which is presenting in London the business plan that is said to involve investments of over €10 billion for the period 2026–2028. The focus is on whether PPC’s announcements will confirm the recent market rumors of a roughly €1 billion capital increase at €14 per share  combined with interest from BlackRock in acquiring a significant stake.Preliminary agreement between IKTINOS and a fundSince I mentioned smaller listed companies earlier  let me add that the management of IKTINOS is taking steps to leverage its assets with the goal of freeing the listed company from debt. In this context  according to information  IKTINOS is said to have reached a preliminary agreement with a foreign fund for the 2 500-acre property it owns in the Faneromeni bay in Sitia  Crete. Developments are expected immediately.National Insurance acquisition by December 5The acquisition of 100% of National Insurance by Piraeus Bank is in its final stretch  as the Bank of Greece has granted approval and next week approval is also expected from the SSM. By December 5  based on the dates given by the authorities  the acquisition will have been completed  and the second essential chapter begins for the insurance company but also for the banks (Piraeus Bank and National Bank) in terms of bancassurance. I’m no prophet  but something tells me that this chapter will not be exhausted “from one moment to the next ” as we say. It will require a lot of groundwork both from Piraeus Bank and from the National Bank. It is a structural change that reshapes long-standing relationships with many technical and legal issues  and some time will be needed before it wraps up.Hellenic Exchanges (ATHEX) in the arms of EuronextNow regarding HELEX  which we mentioned above: last Thursday and especially Friday  individual small shareholders of HELEX showed that they are convinced by the Public Offer of Stéphane Boujnah and handed over their shares to brokerage firms  which in turn mobilized even more because of the special 0.4% commission they had on the transaction. Today at 2 p.m. the process formally closes  with the acceptance rate—according to market information—expected to exceed 55% and move toward 60%. Success is considered a given  but the column reserves judgment on the exact percentage. What is certain is that the strategy paid off: institutional investors—Greek and foreign funds that already held Euronext shares—hurried to exchange. For them  the transition was a simple administrative move without tax implications. Individuals acted on Thursday and Friday. The fact is that after the results are announced the day after tomorrow  November 19  the Athens Stock Exchange enters the pan-European network. On November 24  HELEX shares will be traded simultaneously in Amsterdam  Brussels  Lisbon  and Paris. The next chapter is the squeeze-out: Euronext will seek 90% or more so as to integrate HELEX into the group.Byte: heading for EBITDA over €10 million in the 9-month periodByte  as IDEAL presented last October during Investor Day  is transforming into the parent company for its IT investments  with subsidiaries Adacom and Bluestream. According to information  the picture of the 9-month results follows a trajectory similar to that of the first half. If we compare these figures  then we expect revenue above €75 million and EBITDA above €10 million. I hear that the company’s executives are very pleased because the gross profit margin is increasing by more than 7 points and the EBITDA margin is stabilizing at 15%  over 4% higher than last year. They also say that the contribution of projects carried out by the companies abroad is significant and represents a new pillar for future growth. IDEAL’s results on Thursday  20/11  will likely confirm management’s expectations as presented in October. The next step is to see whether the strong results will be reflected in the share price and whether IT sector valuations will help IDEAL.Swiss-franc loans: institutionally yes… technically maybeThe Ministry of National Economy and Finance is working full-time on the institutional framework for the restructuring of Swiss-franc loans  listening to the banks but clearly keeping its focus on the borrowers. The legislative framework is expected to be ready by the end of the year. However  its implementation may require a longer time. The technical aspect of implementation is not the simplest. It is therefore very likely that the platform of the out-of-court settlement mechanism will be used for the Swiss-franc loan restructurings. The adjustments required to allow both vulnerable and non-vulnerable borrowers to enter are technically complex and may require some time. Even if a new application is developed to serve this purpose  it too will need time.Giannis Mytilineos’ new companies“Sea Front Bliss I” and “Sea Front Bliss II” are the names of the two new companies founded last Friday  November 14  and are owned by businessman Giannis Mytilineos. The purpose of the two companies  headquartered in Varibombi  is—among other things—the buying and selling and management of real estate and  in particular  the construction of buildings either for own use or for exploitation in any way  or for resale  located anywhere in Greece or abroad. Also  the construction  leasing  subleasing  renovation  repair  expansion  maintenance  exploitation  management and general utilization of all kinds of properties  urban or otherwise  owned by the company or third parties; the establishment  construction  operation  management and exploitation of all types of hotels and tourist units  housing complexes  sports facilities  etc. The initial share capital totals €3 300 000  specifically €2 200 000 for “Sea Front Bliss I” and €1 100 000 for “Sea Front Bliss II ” divided into shares with a nominal value of €100 each. The sole shareholder is the Cypriot company Nioval Ltd  whose sole shareholder is Giannis Mytilineos  who  as is well known  in addition to his other activities (shipping  etc.) also owns the emblematic Tatoi Club. The management of the two newly established companies includes Anastasia Mouchlidi as Chairwoman and CEO  Elisavet Paraskeopoulou  and Mytilineos’ two daughters  Amalia and Ioli  as members. They are the same individuals  in the same roles  who staff Tatoi Residences  the company founded last March.The book of Odysseas AthanasiouOn November 25  the book “Why They Succeeded – 6 States from the Shadows to the Top ” written by Lamda Development CEO Odysseas Athanasiou  is expected to be released. The head of LAMDA  who has been at the helm of the group since the late 2000s  will speak at the launch event about his book  for which he offers an initial idea of its subject  stating that it is “a personal search regarding how small countries without natural resources or power managed to rise to the top. It is not a book about economics or politics. It is a book about how the right choices and faith in people can change a country’s future.” The presentation will take place on Tuesday  2/12/25  at the National Gallery  and speaking about Athanasiou’s writing project will be the Governor of the Bank of Greece  Yiannis Stournaras  and EKPA professor Maria Efthymiou.A Thessalonian at the World BankThe information comes from reliable sources  although for now there is no official announcement. Antonis Kamaras  a scholar from Thessaloniki with a rich academic and professional background  will be Greece’s representative at the World Bank. It is a position held from 2013 to 2021 by Christos Papoutsis (former minister and European Commissioner under PASOK)  and from early 2021 by a woman for the first time  economist Eleni Panagiotarea (daughter of journalist Anna Panagiotarea). For the past year  the position had remained vacant. Now it is being taken up by Antonis Kamaras  who studied at Connecticut College and the London School of Economics and has worked professionally as a consultant at the National Bank of Greece and the Municipality of Thessaloniki. He is a researcher at ELIAMEP and a founding member of the Greek Diaspora Project at SEESOX (Oxford).The…crazy regulation that favors high-speed ships over conventional onesA puzzle remains regarding how ferry routes are scheduled. Today two different rules apply: conventional ships must operate all year round  while high-speed vessels can operate for at least four months. However  the market picture has changed radically: 12 years ago there were just 13 high-speed vessels; today there are 34. This has two consequences:a) Huge fluctuations in prices. On routes with competition  ticket prices can fall to €0.60/mile  while as soon as competition disappears they rise to €3.25/mile.b) Conventional ships  which are obliged to operate in winter  are financially squeezed in summer by the high-speed vessels and struggle to make the year viable. The Competition Commission notes that if this asymmetry continues  there is a risk that winter routes will be reduced  something that would harm the cohesion of the islands.Silent Chinese wave at the Port of PiraeusThe US and China may have temporarily buried the hatchet in their business-trade war  but each continues to keep a close eye on the other. The news that the Americans are planning a strategic investment to create an alternative commercial corridor to counter COSCO and the Port of Piraeus—by promoting Elefsina—did not go unnoticed in Beijing. At Greece’s main port  a plan has long been sitting in the drawers: the construction of a fourth pier  in the space between the car terminal and Pier I. This project is not part of COSCO’s mandatory commitments. Piraeus  due to the large volumes it handles  is running out of vital space  approaching its ceiling of 5.5 million TEUs. A fourth pier would give the Chinese operators the ability to increase container throughput by at least one million TEUs. However  without the authorities’ green light  the Chinese cannot move forward  so they are keeping a wait-and-see stance  monitoring developments. “There’s a certain silence ” people from the port told me.Greek shipping at full throttleGreek shipping groups continue to sweep both the shipyards and the secondhand market. On the newbuilding front  Thenamaris (Nikolas Martinou)  StealthGas (Harry Vafias)  Venergy (Byron Vasileiadis)  and Akrotiri Tankers (Marielena Prokopiou & Konstantinos Lampsias) led the way with fresh tanker orders  investing in modern  scrubber-fitted vessels—an indication that the major players are looking long-term and betting on cleaner  more efficient shipping. Meanwhile  Costamare and Latsco remain active in containerships  strengthening their presence in East Asian shipyards. In the secondhand market  Greek activity was visible on both the buying and selling sides  especially in dry bulk. Aegean Bulk stood out by selling the Supramax Anemos (2011)  while another Greek group acquired the Isolda D (Handysize  2011). Overall  over the last twelve months Greek shipowners have signed 43 new tanker orders  6 bulk carrier orders  and conducted 41 tanker acquisitions and 98 bulker purchases in the resale market. Greece thus comfortably maintains its global lead in S&P activity.Trek enters the Athens Exchange Alternative MarketToday marks the start of trading for Trek Development on the ASE Alternative Market. The Papapolyzos family company is active in infrastructure project development and construction  with a focus on energy  environment  water management  and Smart City applications. After 30 years of operations  the company is moving to its next phase  planning an investment program of €4.6 million  financed by €1.9 million from the listing and €2.7 million from internal funds and projected profits for 2025–2027. About 30% of the plan concerns organic growth—primarily staffing and upgrading the operations of its Munich subsidiary—while 70% will go toward acquiring specialized companies in Greece and the EU.Four stocks looking for new highsThe Titan share has been unstoppable for the past five sessions  rallying from €40 to nearly €44 and inching closer to its record of €45.8. The driver is the cement group’s four-year plan  involving investments up to €4 billion and EBITDA of €1 billion by 2029. Also on the table is the acquisition of the French company Vracs De L’Estuaire  with Titan in exclusive talks. Analysts reinforce the positive mood: Citi has set a target price of €56.1  S&P upgraded Titan’s rating to BB+  and Fitch raised its outlook to positive. Motor Oil exceeded €28 intraday over the last two sessions  closing just below that mark. With six consecutive gains  the stock would hit a new all-time high with an additional 2.2% rise. It’s a remarkable comeback for a share that had dropped below €20 seven months ago  with the interim dividend of €0.35 providing momentum. Viohalco remains in the spotlight  hitting a new high and approaching €10. Its subsidiary ElvalHalcor is following suit  extending its multi-year high and aiming to reach €3.5 for the first time since November 2007.A new era for EY Greece  in a historic Thessaloniki landmarkThe historic Matarasso–Altshech building—one of Thessaloniki’s most iconic Art Deco structures—will now house EY Greece’s administrative base in the city. Designed in the 1930s by architect Moshe Kazis  and once home to the Athens Stock Exchange’s local branch  the building has been transformed into a modern  flexible  and inclusive workspace while preserving its original identity. The renovation respected the building’s historic architecture  retaining signature elements of the era while adapting the space to the needs of a modern international consulting organization. The new facilities will host teams serving clients across sectors from finance to technology. On 22–23 November  the public will be able to take a look inside as part of EY’s Open House.A flood of money in the marketsThe terms are Money Supply M2 and M3  referring to the total money circulating in an economy at a given moment. Globally  this money stock reached $142 trillion in September 2025—an all-time record that reveals a fundamental shift in the world economy. The +9.1% increase in 2025 alone represents around $12 trillion. Over the past 25 years (since 2000)  global money supply has grown at an average 7% CAGR  with only brief pauses during the 2008 crisis and the 2020 pandemic. After each crisis  the rebound was rapid and monetary expansion even stronger. Central banks face a dilemma: interest rate hikes since 2022 should have restricted liquidity  yet money supply continues to expand. The 2025 depreciation of the US dollar is the hidden key: as money loses value  investors are forced to shift into assets that protect against inflation. Capital seeks refuge from devaluation—and investing becomes not a choice  but a survival necessity for capital.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.18,0.46,True,English,"['new business deals', 'new acquisition', 'sea bass', 'Pax Americana', 'M.M.', 'Zelensky', 'Samaras', 'Metlen', 'sale', 'Iktinos', 'Hellenic National Defense General Staff', 'last three weeks', 'Transmission System Operators', 'important business tip', 'decommissioned” Russian weapons', 'Greece Talks conference', 'American natural gas', 'AKTOR–DEPA partnership', 'Atlantic-See LNG Trade', 'American factor', 'peaceful demonstrations', 'collective memory', 'other citizens', 'façade', 'Molotov cocktails', 'Greek weather', 'overwhelming majority', 'Pax Americana', 'past 15 days', 'business agreements', 'American LNG', 'substantial meeting', 'effective access', 'United States', 'Eastern threat', 'Vertical Corridor', 'entry gate', 'Sea bass', 'Maximos Mansion', 'K.M.', 'Ukrainian delegation', 'DEPA Commercial', 'Ukrainian market', 'business terms', 'Venture Global', 'balance sheet', 'other words', 'new activity', 'energy matters', 'clear agenda', 'clear messages', 'extended meeting', 'The Ukrainians', 'Ambassador Guilfoyle', 'historic event', 'two delegations', 'Immediate profits', 'winter period', 'AKTOR group', 'little discussion', 'gas agreement', 'LNG transport', 'interstate agreement', 'Kimberly Guilfoyle', 'Polytechnic uprising', 'Newsroom', 'thoughts', 'today', 'anniversary', 'world', 'years', 'country', 'protagonists', 'society', 'ceremonies', 'remembrance', 'respect', 'tributes', 'students', 'Junta', 'occasion', 'Athens', 'paint', 'sense', 'shops', 'center', 'front', 'eyes', 'thousands', 'tourists', 'November', 'blessed', 'people', 'lives', 'everything', 'geopolitical', 'arrival', 'Zelensky', 'Ukraine', 'rest', 'course', 'direct', 'President', 'case', 'deals', 'Turkey', 'everyone', 'security', 'Americans', 'Europe', 'atmosphere', 'statements', 'signing', 'lunch', 'menu', 'greens', 'bouillabaisse', 'wine', 'supply', 'teeth', 'follow-up', 'P-TEC', 'operation', 'December', 'opportunity', 'Naftogaz', 'Declaration', 'Intent', 'March', 'Route', 'TSOs', 'announcement', '60% subsidiary', 'results', 'early', 'drones', 'decision', 'card', 'role', 'interview', 'foreground', 'something', 'background', 'example', 'Chief', 'Choupis', 'noon', 'Patriots']",2025-11-17,2025-11-18,en.protothema.gr
