UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
23533,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-neodynamics-144500123.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in NeoDynamics AB (Publ),"The shareholders in NeoDynamics AB (publ)  reg. no. 559014-9117 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the annual general meeting on Tuesday 23 May 2023 at...","STOCKHOLM  April 24  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in NeoDynamics AB (publ)  reg. no. 559014-9117 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the annual general meeting on Tuesday 23 May 2023 at 15.00 at the Company's premises at Lejonvägen 14  Lidingö.Right to participateShareholders who wish to participate in the general meeting must:be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 12 May 2023 (the record date)  andnotify his/her/its intention to attend the general meeting to the Company no later than Friday 19 May 2023  by mail to NeoDynamics AB (publ)  Lejonvägen 14  181 32 Lidingö  Sweden or by e-mail to info@neodynamics.com.Such notification shall include the shareholder's name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  number of shares  address and telephone number  details on advisors (no more than two)  if any  and  where applicable  details of representatives or proxies.Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are nominee-registered through a bank or other trustee must  in order to exercise the right to vote and participate in the general meeting  temporarily register their shares in their own names (so-called voting rights registration). Voting rights registration requested by shareholders in such time that the nominee has completed the registration no later than Tuesday 16 May 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register. This means that shareholders who wish to temporarily register their shares in their own names must make such request to their nominees well in advance of this date.ProxyShareholders represented by proxy must submit a dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney is executed by a legal person  a copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent must be attached. The power of attorney may not be valid for a period exceeding five years from its issuance. The original power of attorney and certificate of registration should be submitted to the Company by mail to the address mentioned above in due time prior to the general meeting. Alternatively  the original power of attorney and certificate of registration may be brought and presented at the general meeting. The Company provides a proxy form at request and on the Company's website  www.neodynamics.com.Story continuesNumber of shares and votesAs of the date of this notice  there is a total of 120 501 184 shares and votes in the Company.Proposed agendaOpening of the general meeting and election of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Presentation of annual report and auditor's report Resolutions Resolution on the number of board members  deputy board members and the number of auditors and deputy auditors Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors Election of the board of directors and any deputy board members as well as auditors and/or auditing company and any deputy auditors Resolution regarding (A) introduction of ""NeoDynamics AB 2023 Stock Option Plan""  (B) directed issue of warrants and (C) approval of transfer Resolution on authorization (rights issue) Resolution on authorization (directed issue) Closing of the general meetingProposals on resolutionsItem 1 - Election of chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee proposes that Ingrid Salén is appointed as chairman of the annual general meeting  or in the event that she in unable to attend  the person appointed by the nomination committee in her place.Item 7b - Resolution on dispositions regarding the company's resultThe board proposes that no dividends are paid for the financial year 2022 and that the Company's result is retained in the business.Item 8 - Resolution on the number of board members  auditors  and deputiesThe nomination committee proposes that the board shall consist of four (4) ordinary members without deputy members. The nomination committee further proposes that one auditor  without deputy auditors  is appointed.Item 9 - Determination of remuneration to the board and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the remuneration shall remain the same as the previous year  paid with SEK 200 000 to the chairman of the board  and with SEK 125 000 to each other member of the board. The nomination committee further proposes that remuneration is paid to the auditor in accordance with approved invoice.Item 10 - Election of board and auditorThe nomination committee proposes reelection of Carina Bolin  Claes Pettersson  Ingrid Salén and Matthew E. Colpoys  Jr. as board members for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. The nomination committee proposes that Ingrid Salén is reelected as chairman of the board.For the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  the nomination committee proposes election of Ernst & Young AB (EY) as auditor  with Jakob Wojcik as principal auditor.Item 11 - Resolution regarding (A) introduction of ""NeoDynamics AB 2023 Stock Option Plan""  (B) directed issue of warrants and (C) approval of transferThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves (A) on the introduction of ""NeoDynamics AB 2023 Stock Option Plan"" (the ""Employee Stock Option Program"")  (B) on a directed issue of warrants to the Company to ensure the Company's delivery of shares according to the Employee Stock Option Program and (C) on approval of transfer of warrants or shares in the Company to participants in the Employee Stock Option Program.It is considered essential and in all shareholders' interest that the Company's existing and future employees in the United States  who are and will be important for the Company's further development  have a long-term interest in an increase of the value of the Company's shares. Without being able to offer a personal long-term ownership commitment  it can also be expected to be difficult to recruit and retain key personnel and other personnel. A personal long-term ownership commitment can be expected to contribute to an increased interest in the Company's operations and results as well as raise the participants' motivation and sense of community with the Company and its shareholders.NeoDynamics AB 2023 Stock Option PlanThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on the introduction of the Employee Stock Option program.The proposal for full terms and conditions for the Employee Stock Option Program is available on request from the Company and contains the following main terms:The Employee Stock Option Program is administered by the board of the Company (or a special committee within the board)  which also resolves on the allocation of employee stock optionsThe Employee Stock Option Program shall comprise not more than 1 700 000 shares and entitles the holder to subscribe for ordinary shares in the CompanyThe employee stock options shall be allotted to senior executives  employees and consultants and require US tax residency for the holderThe subscription price for the employee stock options is resolved by the board of directors upon allotment  but shall not be less than the market value of the ordinary shares at the time of allotment and shall not be less than the quota value of the shareThe term of the employee stock options is determined by the board of directors upon allotment  but shall not exceed ten yearsThe employee stock options are earned over time in a manner resolved by the board of directors at the time of allotmentThe employee stock options are not transferable and as a rule  unused employee stock options lapse if the employment is terminated or upon the death of the holder.2. Directed issue of warrantsTo enable the Company's delivery of shares under the Employee Stock Option Program  it is further proposed that the general meeting resolves on a directed issue of no more than 1 700 000 warrants according to the following terms:1. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  vest with the Company. Oversubscription cannot occur.2. The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the issue is a step in the introduction of the Employee Stock Option Program.3. The warrants are issued free of charge.4. Subscription of warrants shall be made within three (3) weeks from the date of the resolution to issue the warrants. The board of directors has the right to extend the subscription period.5. The increase of the Company's share capital may  upon full exercise of the warrants  amount to a maximum of SEK 170 000.6. The warrants can be exercised for subscription of new shares during the period from registration at the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including 30 June 2033.7. The subscription price for the share on exercise of the warrants is SEK 0.10  corresponding to the quota value of the Company's shares. The subscription price may in no case be less than the quota value.8. Detailed terms apply for the warrants.3. Approval of the transfer of warrants of shares in the Company to participants in the Employee Stock Option ProgramIt is finally proposed that the general meeting resolves to authorize the Company to transfer warrants or shares in the Company to participants in the Employee Stock Option Program  or otherwise dispose of the warrants to fulfil the Company's obligations arising from the Employee Stock Option Program.The board of directors  or the person appointed by the board  is proposed to be authorized to make the minor adjustments required for registration and execution of the resolutions according to (A) - (C) above.Item 12 - Resolution on authorization (rights issue)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors  for the time until the next annual general meeting  whether on one or several occasions  to resolve on issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. The board of directors shall be able to resolve on issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. Any such issue shall be with preferential rights for the shareholders.Item 13 - Resolution on authorization (directed issue)The board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes the board of directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up to the next annual general meeting  increase the Company's share capital through issues of new shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments  with or without provisions on payment by non-cash consideration and/or by way of set-off or other provisions. The board of directors shall not be able to make decisions that mean that the amount by which the share capital is increased corresponds to more than fifty (50) percent of the total share capital in the Company when the authorization is utilized for the first time.The purpose of the authorization and the reason to propose that the board of directors shall be authorized to resolve on issues with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights is to give the board of directors flexibility in the work of ensuring that the Company shall be able to raise capital to finance the operations and to enable continued expansion  alternatively to enable a broadening of the ownership of the Company with one or several owners of strategic importance to the Company.An issue in accordance with this authorization shall be on market conditions. The board of directors shall be entitled to decide on additional terms and conditions for issues under this authorization and who shall be entitled to subscribe for the shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. If the board of directors deems it appropriate to facilitate the delivery of shares in connection with an issue in accordance with this authorization  the issue may also take place at a subscription price which correspond to the quota value of the shares (provided that the Company ensures through relevant agreements that market compensation is received for the issued shares).Majority requirementsA resolution in accordance with the proposal under item 11 above requires that it is supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.A resolution in accordance with the proposal under item 13 above requires that it is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Information at the annual general meetingThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company  provide information at the annual general meeting on circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda and the Company's financial situation.Provision of documentsThe annual report and the auditor's report as well as other documents in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company at Lejonvägen 14  181 32 Lidingö and on the Company's website  www.neodynamics.com  no later than three weeks before the annual general meeting. The documents are also sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and who provide their address. The documents will also be available at the annual general meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the processing of personal data  please refer to the policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfLidingö in April 2023NeoDynamics AB (publ)The board of directorsThis disclosure contains information that NeoDynamics is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU nr 596/2014). The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person  on 24-04-2023 16:22 CET.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Anna Eriksrud  CEO NeoDynamics AB  phone +46708 444 966 or e-mail anna.eriksrud@neodynamics.comAaron Wong  CFO NeoDynamics AB  phone +46735 972 011 or e-mail aaron.wong@neodynamics.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-neodynamics-ab-publ-301805615.htmlSOURCE NeoDynamics",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'NeoDynamics AB', 'Notice', 'Publ', 'NeoDynamics AB 2023 Stock Option Plan', 'next annual general meeting', 'Ingrid Salén', 'Matthew E. Colpoys', 'Ernst & Young AB', 'four (4) ordinary members', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identification number', 'voting rights registration', 'corporate registration number', 'deputy board members', 'deputy members', 'annual report', 'voting list', 'rights issue', 'Lejonvägen', 'share register', 'Such notification', 'other trustee', 'five years', 'two persons', 'nomination committee', 'financial year', 'previous year', 'other member', 'Carina Bolin', 'Claes Pettersson', 'Jakob Wojcik', 'deputy auditors', 'Friday 12 May', 'Friday 19 May', 'directed issue', 'telephone number', 'dated power', 'original power', 'legal person', 'due time', 'record date', 'proxy form', 'C) approval', 'principal auditor', 'Tuesday 23 May', 'The Company', 'auditing company', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'auditors Election', 'agenda Election', 'one auditor', 'Resolutions Resolution', '16 May', '120,501,184 shares', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'reg.', 'premises', 'Lidingö', 'intention', 'mail', 'info', 'name', 'address', 'details', 'advisors', 'representatives', 'proxies', 'bank', 'order', 'preparation', 'request', 'nominees', 'advance', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'equivalent', 'period', 'issuance', 'website', 'Story', 'votes', 'notice', 'total', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'remuneration', 'directors', 'introduction', 'warrants', 'transfer', 'authorization', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'Item', 'event', 'place', 'dispositions', 'result', 'dividends', 'business', 'deputies', 'SEK', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'reelection', 'Jr.']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23534,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-ECONOCOM-Payment-schedule-for-the-redemption-of-issue-premium-of-EUR-0-16-p-43623208/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Econocom Group Se :  ECONOCOM: Payment schedule for the redemption of issue premium of EUR 0.16 per share,(marketscreener.com)  Payment schedule for the redemption of issue premiumof EUR 0.16 per shareThe Extraordinary General Meeting held on 31 March 2023 has approved the redemption of issue premium treated as paid-up capital  for an amount of EUR 0.16 per …,"Payment schedulefor the redemption of issue premiumof EUR 0.16 per shareThe Extraordinary General Meeting held on 31 March 2023 has approved the redemption of issue premium treated as paid-up capital  for an amount of EUR 0.16 per share.In accordance with Article 7:209 of the Belgian Code on Companies and Associations  the detachment of the coupon entitling to the redemption of the issue premium takes place as of  at least  a two-month period following the publication of the decision of the General Meeting in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette.The detachment date (ex-date) is set for 30 June 2023.The record-date is set for 3 July 2023.The payment date (pay-date) is set for 4 July 2023.The redemption will be carried by the paying agent Euroclear Belgium.ABOUT ECONOCOMEconocom is a digital general contractor (DGC). The group conceives  finances and facilitates the digital transformation of large firms and public organisations. It has 50 years' experience and is the only market player offering versatile expertise through a combination of project financing  equipment distribution and digital services. The group operates in 16 countries  with over 8 750 employees. It made €2 718m in revenue in 2022. Econocom is listed on Euronext in Brussels  on the BEL Mid and Family Business indexes.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comFollow us on LinkedIn and Twitter ?Investor and shareholder relations contact:benhjamin.pehau@econocom.comPress relations contact:info@capvalue.frTel. +33 (0)1 80 81 50 01This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l5pyZpRpZZqZm3CdYZtlmZVrnJqXk2DKaWWXl2qaZJvJmnCSxZtibJjHZnBqmW5m- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79490-pr-payment-schedule-issue-premium-2023.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Payment schedule', 'issue premium', 'Econocom Group', 'redemption', 'EUR', 'share', 'The Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Family Business indexes', 'shareholder relations contact', 'Press relations contact', 'original press release', 'Belgian State Gazette', 'next press releases', 'digital general contractor', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Belgian Code', 'other releases', 'digital transformation', 'digital services', 'Payment schedule', 'issue premium', 'up capital', 'two-month period', 'paying agent', 'Euroclear Belgium', 'large firms', 'public organisations', ""50 years' experience"", 'market player', 'versatile expertise', 'project financing', 'equipment distribution', 'BEL Mid', 'payment date', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'detachment date', 'redemption', '31 March', 'amount', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'coupon', 'place', 'publication', 'decision', 'Annexes', '30 June', 'record-date', '3 July', 'pay-date', '4 July', 'ECONOCOM', 'DGC', 'group', 'finances', 'combination', '16 countries', '8,750 employees', 'revenue', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'MORE', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Investor', 'capvalue', 'Tel.', 'Full', 'PDF', 'pr-payment-schedule-issue', 'email', 'company']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23535,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MILLICOM-INTERNATIONAL-CE-50060884/news/Millicom-International-Cellular-S-A-L-1249-Luxembourg-Grand-Duchy-of-Luxembourg-Form-6-K-43619314/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Millicom International Cellular S A : L-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)  L-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg   - R.C.S. Luxembourg: B 40.630 -   I. NOTICE   The annual general meeting and subsequent extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. is…,"Millicom International Cellular S A : L-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg - Form 6-K 04/24/2023 | 06:07am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields L-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg - R.C.S. Luxembourg: B 40.630 - I. NOTICE The annual general meeting (""AGM"") and subsequent extraordinary general meeting (""EGM"") of the shareholders of MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. (""Millicom"" or the ""Company"") is hereby convened to be held at Hotel Le Royal  12 Bd Royal  2449 Luxembourg on Wednesday  May 31  2023  at 4:00 p.m. Central European Time (""CET""). To attend the AGM and EGM or vote by proxy  please follow the instructions in section IV: ""Right to participate at the AGM and the EGM"". The AGM and EGM will consider and vote on the agenda points listed below. Please refer to section IX: ""Notes to the Agenda Points of the AGM and EGM"" to find detailed information about these proposals. II. AGENDA AGM 1. To elect the chair of the AGM and to empower the chair of the AGM to appoint the other members of the bureau of the meeting. [Note] 2. To receive the management reports of the board of directors (the ""Board"") and the reports of the external auditor on the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2022. 3. To approve the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2022. 4. To allocate 5% of the results of the year ended December 31  2022 to the legal reserves and the remaining balance to the unappropriated net profits to be carried forward. [Note] 5. To discharge all the Directors of Millicom for the performance of their mandates during the year ended December 31  2022. [Note] 6. To set the number of Directors at 10. [Note] 7. To re-elect José Antonio Ríos García as a Director for a term ending at the annual general meeting to be held in 2024 (the ""2024 AGM""). [Note] 8. To re-elect Bruce Churchill as a Director for a term ending at the 2024 AGM. [Note] 1 9. To re-elect Tomas Eliasson as a Director for a term ending at the 2024 AGM. [Note] 10. To re-elect Pernille Erenbjerg as a Director for a term ending at the 2024 AGM. [Note] 11. To re-elect Mauricio Ramos as a Director for a term ending at the 2024 AGM. [Note] 12. To elect María Teresa Arnal as a Director for a term ending at the 2024 AGM. [Note] 13. To elect Blanca Treviño de Vega as a Director for a term ending at the 2024 AGM. [Note] 14. To elect Thomas Reynaud as a Director for a term ending at the 2024 AGM. [Note] 15. To elect Nicolas Jaeger as a Director for a term ending at the 2024 AGM. [Note] 16. To elect Michael Golan as a Director for a term ending at the 2024 AGM. [Note] 17. To re-elect José Antonio Ríos García as chair of the Board for a term ending at the 2024 AGM. [Note] 18. To approve the Directors' remuneration for the period from the AGM to the 2024 AGM. [Note] 19. To re-elect Ernst & Young S.A.  Luxembourg as the external auditor for a term ending on the date of the 2024 AGM and to approve the external auditor remuneration to be paid against an approved account. [Note] 20. To approve an instruction to the Nomination Committee. [Note] 21. To approve the Share Repurchase Plan. [Note] 22. To vote on the 2022 Remuneration Report. [Note] 23. To approve the Senior Management Remuneration Policy. [Note] 24. To approve the share-based incentive plans for Millicom employees. [Note] EGM 1. To elect the chair of the EGM and to empower the chair of the EGM to appoint the other members of the bureau of the meeting. [Note] 2. To increase the authorized share capital of the Company from three hundred million United States Dollars (USD 300 000 000) divided into two hundred million (200 000 000) shares with a par value of one dollar fifty cents (USD 1.50) each  to three hundred and seventy five million United States Dollars (USD 375 000 000) divided into two hundred and fifty million (250 000 000) shares with a par value of one dollar fifty cents (USD 1.50) each  in accordance with Article 420-26 (5) of the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies  as amended from time to time (the ""1915 Law"") and to amend article 5  paragraph 1 of Millicom's articles of association accordingly. [Note] 3. To renew the authorization granted to the Board of Directors in Article 5 of Millicom's articles of association to issue new shares up to a share capital of USD 375 000 000 divided into 250 000 000 shares with a par value of USD 1.50 per share  until 31 May 2028  and to amend article 5  paragraph 4 of the Company's articles of association accordingly. [Note] 4. In relation to the authorized share capital increase and the renewal of the authorization to increase the issued share capital: 2 (i) to receive the special report of the Board of Directors of Millicom issued in accordance with Article 420-26 (5) of the 1915 Law  inter alia; and (ii) to approve the granting to the Board of Directors of the power to remove or limit the preferential subscription right of the shareholders in case of issue of shares against payment in cash  to a maximum of new shares representing 10% of the then outstanding shares (including shares held in treasury by the Company itself. [Note] 5. To fully restate the Company's articles of association to incorporate the amendments to the Company's articles of association approved in the foregoing resolutions. [Note] III. KEY DATES May 9  2023 Deadline to propose additional items to the agenda May 12 - May 18  2023 Conversion stoppage May 17  2023 Voting Record Date and deadline to submit the Notification Form for attendance in person May 25  2023 Deadline to submit proxies May 31  2023 AGM and EGM IV. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AT THE AGM and EGM The following persons who comply with the procedure below  and hold shares or Swedish Depositary Receipts (""SDRs"") on May 17  2023 at 24.00 CET (the ""Voting Record Date"") are eligible to participate/vote at the AGM and EGM1: (1) Holders of Millicom shares traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the US (""Nasdaq US"") under the ticker symbol TIGO (""Millicom Shareholders"") that are registered with the Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions  Inc. (""Broadridge"")  including those held by Cede & Co (""DTCC"")  and (2) Holders of SDRs traded on Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker symbol TIGO SDB (""Millicom SDR Holders"") that are registered with Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear Sweden""). Conversion stoppage. Conversions from SDRs into shares  and vice versa  will not be permitted from May 12  2023 (included) up to May 18  2023 (included). Millicom SDR Holders and Millicom Shareholders who seek to convert their SDRs to shares  or vice versa (which can be done in accordance with the procedures set out on Millicom's website at Millicom-SDR-conversion-process )  should take into consideration the dates and times noted above. Instructions for participating and voting by Millicom Shareholders are shown below. Instructions for participation and voting by Millicom SDR Holders are shown on the following page. 1 However  notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein  the Bureau of the AGM/EGM shall have the discretionary power to exceptionally accept the voting of a shareholder or SDR holder at the AGM/EGM  even if the relevant proxy or notification form have a formal deficiency or was received after the deadlines contained herein. 3 1. Millicom Shareholders (US) Millicom Shareholders eligible to participate and vote Participation and voting at the AGM and the EGM is reserved to Millicom Shareholders duly registered with Broadridge and/or held by DTCC  on the Voting Record Date (as defined above) at 24.00 CET and who comply with these procedures. Beneficial owners. Beneficial owners of shares that are registered in the name of a nominee or broker (including nominees or brokers that hold shares through DTCC) have the right to instruct their nominee or broker on how to vote with a voter instruction form (""VIF"")  or as may otherwise be established by the nominee or broker. Beneficial holders who wish to attend the AGM and the EGM or vote directly must request the nominee or broker  that appears as the registered shareholder on the Voting Record Date  to issue a legal proxy which allows the beneficial owner to vote his or her shares directly. Beneficial owners who do not vote via their brokers/nominees or do not have a legal proxy are not eligible to vote. Ways to participate and deadline 1. By proxy: registered shareholders may submit the power of attorney form (""Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form"") containing their voting instructions  such that it is received no later than on May 25  2023. 2. In person: the registered shareholder may submit the notification of attendance form to attend the AGM and/or the EGM in person (the ""Millicom Shareholder Notification Form"")  such that it is received no later than on the Voting Record Date (May 17  2023) . Channels to submit the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form 1. Online: The Company has sent by post the invitation letter and the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form needed to vote at the AGM and EGM. The Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form includes a control number . Votes can be cast online using the control number at https://east.proxyvote.com/pv/web If you consider that you are eligible to vote but you have not received the control number by post and you would like to submit your vote online  please contact Millicom at information@millicom.com 2. By post: The Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form can be submitted by post. The original completed  dated and signed Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form or Millicom Shareholder Notification Form should be mailed to the address provided in the form. Millicom Shareholders that choose to send the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form or the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form by post should also send a scanned copy to information@millicom.com 4 3. By e-mail (only for the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form): Download the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form from the Millicom Website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ . Complete  date and sign the form using an electronic signature  and then send the signed form to information@millicom.com Millicom Shareholder Proxy Forms  Millicom Shareholder Notification Form and all supporting documents can be downloaded from Millicom's website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ Evidence of authority (for Millicom Shareholder Notification Forms only) In case a shareholder is a legal entity  the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form must be signed by a duly authorized person and legally sufficient evidence of the signatory's power of representation must be provided. The attendee will also need to bring original identification documentation (such as a passport). 2. Millicom SDR Holders (Sweden) Millicom SDR Holders eligible to participate and vote Participation and voting at the AGM and/or the EGM is reserved to Millicom SDR Holders duly registered with Euroclear Sweden as of the Voting Record Date (as defined above) at 24.00 CET and who comply with these procedures. Re-registration. In order to exercise their rights at the AGM and/or EGM  Millicom SDR Holders whose SDRs are registered in the name of a broker or nominee must temporarily re-register the SDRs in their own name in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden. Millicom SDR Holders wishing to re-register must inform their broker/nominee well in advance of the Voting Record Date so that they appear on the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden at 24.00 CET on the Voting Record Date. Note that the re-registration process can take 10 business days or more  and Millicom SDR Holders who have not re-registered will not be eligible to participate and vote at the AGM / EGM. As such  we strongly recommend commencing the re-registration process as soon as possible . Ways to participate and deadline 1. By proxy: registered Millicom SDR Holders may submit the power of attorney form (""Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form"") containing their voting instructions  such that it is received no later than on May 25  2023. 2. In person: the registered Millicom SDR Holder may submit the SDR Holder notification of attendance form to attend the AGM and the EGM in person (the ""Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form"")  such that it is received no later than on the Voting Record Date (May 17  2023) 5 Channels to submit the Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form 1. Online: The Company has sent by post the invitation letter to vote at the AGM and EGM. The invitation letter includes a pin code . Votes can be cast using the pin code online at https://anmalan.vpc.se/Millicom/frmEntre.aspx . Alternatively  if you have a Swedish BankID (available for Swedish individuals only) then it is also possible to vote online at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy using your BankID (instead of the pin-code). If you are a Millicom SDR Holder eligible to vote at the AGM/EGM but have not received the invitation letter  and you would like to submit your vote online  please contact Euroclear Sweden at: millicom@euroclear.com or by phone: +468-401-43-11 between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. CET. 2. By post: The Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form can be submitted by post. The original completed  dated and signed forms shall be mailed to the address provided in the form. Millicom SDR Holders that choose to send the SDR Holder Proxy Form or Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form by post should also send a scanned copy to: millicom@euroclear.com 3. By e-mail (only for the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form): Download the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form from the Millicom Website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ . Complete  date and sign the form using an electronic signature  and then send the signed form to millicom@euroclear.eu Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Forms  Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form and all supporting documents can be downloaded from Millicom's website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ Evidence of authority (for Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form only) If the Millicom SDR Holder is a legal entity  the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form must be signed by a duly authorized person and legally sufficient evidence of the signatory's power of representation must be provided. The attendee will also need to bring an original identification document (such as a passport). V. SHARE CAPITAL  QUORUM  AND MAJORITY As of April 21  2023  Millicom had 172 096 305 outstanding shares  each with nominal value of USD 1.50  and each share is entitled to one vote. As of April 21  2023  Millicom held 854 177 shares in treasury. The number of shares held in treasury by Millicom will be updated on the Voting Record Date to calculate the voting results. Voting rights attached to shares held in treasury are suspended by law. There is no quorum of presence requirement for the AGM. The AGM agenda items are adopted by a simple majority of the shares present or represented (excluding abstentions). 6 The EGM will validly deliberate on the resolutions on its agenda only if at least 50% of the issued share capital is present or represented (the ""Quorum"") at the first meeting and will validly be adopted only if approved by at least 2/3rds of the votes cast at the EGM. If the Quorum is not reached at the first meeting  the Board of Directors may convene a second extraordinary general meeting with an identical agenda as for the EGM at which no quorum will be required  and at which the resolutions will validly be adopted if approved by at least 2/3rds of the votes cast at the second EGM. VI. RIGHT TO PROPOSE NEW ITEMS TO THE AGENDA One or several shareholders representing  individually or collectively  at least 5% of the share capital of Millicom reserve the right to add additional items to the agenda of the AGM and/or EGM. These rights shall be exercised in writing and submitted to Millicom by mail at Millicom's Registered Address  attention: Company Secretary  and by e-mail to information@millicom.com  such that they are received no later than May 9  2023  and the revised agenda will be published by Millicom  no later than May 17  2023. Shareholder(s) requesting to add an item to the agenda must provide: (i) a reason or motivation for such petition  (ii) a draft of the resolution to be presented at the AGM or EGM  and (iii) a postal and e-mail address to which the acknowledgment of receipt of their request may be sent by Millicom. Such acknowledgment will be sent within forty-eight (48) hours of receipt of the request. VII. ABILITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AHEAD OF THE AGM AND THE EGM Shareholders have the right to ask questions about items on the agenda of the AGM and the EGM ahead of the meeting. The Company will on a reasonable-efforts basis provide responses to the questions on the Company's website. Questions must be received by the Company by May 21  2023. Questions must be sent by e-mail to: information@millicom.com and include the shareholder's full name and address and proof of ownership of Millicom shares on the Voting Record Date. VIII. SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION The following documents and information related to the AGM and EGM are available to shareholders at the Registered Address of Millicom and on Millicom's website www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/: - this Convening Notice; - the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form - Nasdaq US; 7 - the Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form - Nasdaq Stockholm; - the draft resolutions of the AGM; - Millicom's annual accounts and consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2022  together with the management report(s) of the Board and the report(s) of the external auditor on the annual accounts and consolidated accounts; - U.S. General Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. holders of Millicom shares and SDRs; - the Nomination Committee's motivated statement explaining its proposals regarding the Board and information on the proposed new Directors; - the 2022 Remuneration Report; - the draft resolutions of the EGM; - the draft restated articles of association of the Company; and - the Special Report of the Board of Directors to the EGM in accordance with article 420-26 (5) of the 1915 Law. Shareholders may also receive a copy of the above-mentioned documents by sending a request by mail to the Millicom Registered Address  attention: Company Secretary  or by e-mail to information@millicom.com . IX. NOTES TO THE AGENDA POINTS OF THE AGM AND THE EGM AGM - item 1: CHAIR OF THE MEETING Millicom's Nomination Committee proposes Mr. Alexander Koch  attorney at law (Avocat à la Cour/Rechtsanwalt)  with professional address in Luxembourg  to preside over the AGM. In the event of Mr. Alexander Koch's absence  the chair of the Board - or in the absence of the chair of the Board  any member of the Board present at the AGM - shall be empowered to appoint from amongst the persons present at the AGM the individual that will preside over the AGM. The chair of the AGM shall be empowered to appoint  from among the persons present or virtually present at the meeting the other members of the bureau of the meeting (i.e.  the Secretary and the Scrutineer). AGM - item 4: RESULTS ALLOCATION On a parent-company basis  Millicom generated a profit of USD 37 913 504 for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 (the ""2022 Results""). In compliance with 1915 Law  the Board proposes (i) to allocate 5% of the 2022 Results to the legal reserve (i.e.  USD 1 895 675)  and (ii) the remaining USD 36 017 829 to unappropriated net profits to be carried forward. 8 AGM - item 5: DISCHARGE OF DIRECTORS FOR THEIR PERFORMANCE To discharge of all the current and former Directors of Millicom who served at any point in time during the financial year ended December 31  2022 for the performance of their mandates. AGM - items 6-17: ELECTION OF THE DIRECTORS The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of ten (10) directors. The Nomination Committee proposes that José Antonio Ríos García  Bruce Churchill  Tomas Eliasson  and Pernille Erenbjerg be re-elected as Non-Executive Directors of Millicom for the term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2024 AGM. The Nomination Committee proposes that Mr. Mauricio Ramos be re-elected as an Executive Director of Millicom for the term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2024 AGM. The Nomination Committee proposes that María Teresa Arnal  Blanca Treviño de Vega  Thomas Reynaud  Nicolas Jaeger and Michael Golan be elected as new Non-Executive Directors of Millicom for the term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2024 AGM. Mercedes Johnson  James Thompson  Odilon Almeida and Lars-Johan Jarnheimer have decided not to seek re-election as Directors of Millicom. The Nomination Committee  supported by the Board  proposes that José Antonio Ríos García be re-elected as chair of the Board for a term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2024 AGM. The Nomination Committee's motivated statement regarding the Board's composition includes additional information about the newly proposed Director and is available on Millicom's website. AGM - item 18: DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION POLICY AND FEES Directors' Remuneration Policy In proposing remuneration for the Directors  the Nomination Committee considers many factors  including the size and complexity of the business  the number of board and committee meetings  the amount of responsibility related to each role  as well as market practice. The Nomination Committee also appoints an external compensation consultant to provide advice and benchmarking. The chair of the Board of Millicom does not participate in discussions or decision-making regarding Director remuneration. No remuneration is paid to Executive Directors for this role. Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors comprises cash-based and share-based components  weighted toward shares to align with the compensation philosophy and guidelines of the Company set out in item 23. Non-Executive Directors appointed to Board Committees receive cash-based compensation for each appointment. Share-based compensation is in the form of fully paid-up shares of Millicom common stock. There are no retention  vesting or other holding conditions attached to the shares. Such shares are provided from the Company's treasury shares or alternatively issued within Millicom's authorized share capital exclusively in exchange for allocation from the premium reserve (i.e.  for nil consideration from the relevant Directors). Share-based compensation is calculated by dividing the approved remuneration by the average Millicom 9 closing share price on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the US for the three-month period ending on April 30  2023  provided that shares shall not be issued below par value. Directors' Remuneration The Nomination Committee proposes the compensation for the period from the date of the AGM to the date of the 2024 AGM  as follows: Cash 2023/2024 (USD) Shares 2023/2024 (USD) Chair of the Board (1) 105 000 210 000 Deputy chair (1) 75 000 160 000 Non-Executive Board members (7) 55 000 105 000 Audit Committee chair (1) 45 000 - Audit Committee members (3) 22 500 - Compensation Committee chair (1) 25 000 - Compensation Committee members (2) 12 500 - Compliance and Business Conduct Committee chair (1) 25 000 - Compliance and Business Conduct Committee members (2) 12 500 - Total 777 500 1 105 000 AGM - item 19: ELECTION OF THE AUDITOR AND FEES The Nomination Committee  in accordance with the recommendation of Millicom's Audit Committee  proposes that Ernst & Young S.A. Luxembourg be re-elected as external auditor for a term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2024 AGM. The proposal from the Nomination Committee  and recommendation from the Audit Committee  is based on an evaluation of external audit firms  last conducted in 2020 and on an internal evaluation of the performance of Ernst & Young S.A. Luxembourg performed in Q1 2023. The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's remuneration be paid against an approved account. AGM - item 20: INSTRUCTION TO THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE The Nomination Committee proposes that the following Instruction to the Nomination Committee shall apply until new instructions have been adopted. In the event any applicable law or stock market regulation requires a change to this procedure  the Nomination Committee shall take any steps necessary or proper to ensure compliance with such rules. The work of preparing the following agenda items for the annual general meeting shall be performed by a Nomination Committee: (i) To propose the chair of the annual general meeting; 10 (ii) To set the number of Directors of the Board; (iii) To propose candidates to be elected or re-elected as Directors and the term of their appointment; (iv) To propose the remuneration of the Directors; (v) To propose the election or re-election of the external auditor and its remuneration; and (vi) To propose a new / amended instruction to the Nomination Committee  if deemed appropriate. The Nomination Committee shall be formed in consultation with the largest shareholders as of the last business day of June 2023. The Nomination Committee shall consist of four members (except that the Nomination Committee may consist of less than four members to the extent that the ten largest shareholders have been given the opportunity to appoint a member and more than six of those largest shareholders have declined) and comprise: (i) the chair of the Board  and (ii) three members appointed by shareholders  each appointed by one of the 10 largest shareholders which has chosen to appoint a member  starting with the largest shareholder and then in descending order until all three members (or less  if applicable) have been nominated. The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are to be independent of the Company and its executive management. At least one member of the Nomination Committee must be independent of the Company's largest shareholder in terms of votes or any group of shareholders who act in concert in governance of the Company. The chair of the Board shall act as the Nomination Committee's convener  and the members of the Nomination Committee will appoint the Nomination Committee's chair at their first meeting  provided that the chair of the Board may not serve as the chair of the Nomination Committee. Before the assignment is accepted  a proposed member of the Nomination Committee shall carefully consider any conflict of interest or other circumstances that makes membership of the Nomination Committee inappropriate. The Chief Executive Officer or other members of the executive management  while not members of the Nomination Committee  may be invited by the chair of the Nomination Committee to participate in meetings of the Nomination Committee as considered appropriate. The Nomination Committee is appointed for a term of office commencing at the time of its formation  which must be no later than six months before the annual general meeting and ending when a new Nomination Committee is formed. If a member resigns during the Nomination Committee's term of office  and provided that the Nomination Committee finds this prudent  the shareholder that appointed the resigning member may be asked to appoint a new member  provided that the shareholder is still one of the 10 largest shareholders of Millicom. If that shareholder declines to appoint a new member  the Nomination Committee may choose to ask the next largest qualified shareholder to appoint a Nomination Committee member and so on. In the event of changes to the ownership structure of the Company  whereby a shareholder that has appointed a member to the Nomination Committee significantly reduces its shareholding  such member shall immediately resign from the Nomination Committee  unless the other members unanimously decide that such person shall remain until the end of their term. In addition  the Nomination Committee may decide to change its composition and invite the new larger shareholder(s) to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee. In its decision  the Nomination Committee shall inter alia take into account the status of its work  the time remaining to the annual general meeting and the nature of the change in ownership. If more than three months remain until the annual general meeting  however  a shareholder that has become amongst 11 the three largest shareholders shall always  at its request  have the right to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall have the right to receive  upon request  personnel resources  such as secretarial services from Millicom  and to charge Millicom with costs for recruitment consultants and related travel if deemed strictly necessary to discharge its duties. AGM - item 21: SHARE REPURCHASE PLAN The Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve a new Share Repurchase Plan on the following terms: 1. To authorize the Board  at any time between May 31  2023 and the date of the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders  to repurchase Millicom's common shares and Swedish Depository Receipts (SDRs)  hereafter individually and collectively referred to as the ""Shares""  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in force  and in particular the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies  as amended from time to time (the ""Luxembourg Commercial Companies Law"") (the ""Share Repurchase Plan"")  and subject to the following conditions: 2. The transactions under the Share Repurchase Plan may be carried out by any permitted means  including but not limited to entering into market  off-market  over-the-counter and mutual agreement transactions  through payment in cash or in kind  using distributable profits  available reserves  new shares issue  derivative financial instruments or any other financing mechanism. 3. While the primary purpose of the Share Repurchase Plan is set out below  the Share Repurchase Plan may be carried out for all purposes allowed  or which would become authorized by  the applicable law and regulations. 4. The maximum number of Shares that may be acquired shall not exceed ten per cent (10%) of Millicom's outstanding share capital as of the date when the start of the share repurchase program is announced by press release. 5. Repurchase transactions under the Share Repurchase Plan may be made at acquisition prices per Share as follows: a. For Shares repurchased on a regulated market where the shares are traded  the price per Share shall be within the registered interval for the share price prevailing at any time (the so-called spread)  that is  the interval between the highest buying rate and the lowest selling rate of the Shares on the market on which the purchases are made. b. For any other Shares repurchased  the price per share may not exceed 110% of the most recent closing trading price of the Shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the U.S.  provided that the minimum repurchase price is above SEK 50 (or USD equivalent). 6. The Share Repurchase Plan may not have the effect of reducing Millicom's net assets and reserves under the limit required by the Luxembourg Commercial Companies Law or the Articles of Association of the Company. 12 7. Only fully paid-up Shares may be included in repurchase transactions made under the Share Repurchase Plan. The primary purposes of this resolution are to provide the Board with more options in its efforts to deliver long-term shareholder value and total shareholder return  and to provide a method to secure availability of Shares for Board remuneration and Millicom's share-based incentive plans. The Board is hereby authorized to: (i) transfer all or part of the Shares repurchased under the Share Repurchase Plan to employees of the Millicom Group in connection with any existing or future Millicom share-based incentive plans  (ii) use the purchased Shares to meet obligations arising from debt financial instruments exchangeable into equity instruments  (iii) use the repurchased Shares as consideration for merger and acquisition purposes  including joint ventures and the buy-out of minority interests in Millicom's subsidiaries or joint ventures  as the case may be  in accordance with the limits set out in the Luxembourg Commercial Companies Law  (iv) cancel the repurchased Shares and Shares held in treasury from Shares repurchased under previous Share repurchase plans  and (v) any other purpose not expressly prohibited by applicable law. All powers are hereby granted to the Board  with the power to delegate and substitute  to ensure the implementation of this authorization  conclude all agreements  carry out all formalities and make all declarations with regard to all authorities and  generally  do all that is necessary or proper for the execution of any decisions made in connection with this authorization. The Share Repurchase Plan supersedes and replaces all other previous share repurchase plans of Millicom  which are deemed cancelled. AGM - item 22: 2022 REMUNERATION REPORT The Board proposes that the AGM provides an advisory vote on Millicom's remuneration report for the financial year ended on December 31  2022 (the ""2022 Remuneration Report"")  pursuant to Article 7ter. of the Luxembourg law of 24 May 2011 on the exercise of certain rights of shareholders at general meetings of listed companies  as amended. The Nomination Committee will consider this advisory vote when reviewing the Director Remuneration Policy  and the Board will consider this advisory vote when reviewing the Senior Management Remuneration Policy in the future and explain in the 2023 remuneration report how this advisory vote was taken into account. The 2022 Remuneration Report is available on Millicom's website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ . AGM - item 23: SENIOR MANAGEMENT REMUNERATION POLICY The Board proposes that the AGM resolves on the following guidelines and policy for remuneration and other employment terms for the senior management for the period up to the 2024 AGM. 13 Compensation philosophy and guidelines: · Competitive and fair - Levels of pay and benefits to attract and retain the right people. · Drive the right behaviors - Reward policy and practices that drive behaviors supporting our Company strategy and business objectives. · Shareholder alignment - Variable compensation plans that support a culture of entrepreneurship and performance and incorporate both short-term and longer-term financial and operational metrics strongly correlated to the creation of shareholder wealth. Long-term incentives are designed to maintain sustained commitment and ensure that the interests of our Global Senior Management Team are aligned with those of our shareholders. · Pay for performance - Total reward structured around pay in line with performance  providing the opportunity to reward strong corporate and individual performance. A significant proportion of top management's compensation is variable (at risk) and based on measures of personal and Company performance directly attributable to short-term and long-term value creation. · Transparency - Millicom is committed to expanding transparency  including disclosure around pay for performance  links to value creation  etc. We are also investing in HR information systems to facilitate measurement and internal communications related to incentive composition  including performance metrics  pay equity  goal setting and pay-for-performance relationships. · Market competitive and representative remuneration - Compensation is designed to be market competitive and representative of the seniority and importance of roles  responsibilities and geographical locations of individuals (with the majority of the Global Senior Management Team roles located in the U.S.) · Retention of key talent - Variable compensation plans include a significant portion of share-based compensation  the payout of which is conditional on future employment with the Company for three-year rolling periods  starting on the grant date. · Executive management to be 'invested' - The Global Senior Management Team  through Millicom's share ownership guidelines  is required to reach and maintain a significant level of personal ownership of Millicom shares. Objectives of senior management compensation: · Fixed salary and benefits: to ensure that Millicom can attract  motivate and retain senior management  within the context of Millicom's international talent pool  which consists of Telecommunications  Media & Fast-Moving Consumer Goods (""FMCG"") companies. · Short Term Incentives (""STI""): to incentivize senior management to execute strategic plans in operational decision making to achieve short-term performance goals impacting performance and enhancing the value of the Company. In general  30% of the STI is based on individual performance  and the remaining 70% based on achievement of financial targets  as well as operational targets. · Long Term Incentives (""LTI""): to align senior management long-term incentives with the long-term interests of shareholders  encouraging long-term value creation  retention and management focus on long-term value and commitment to the Company. LTI payouts are in share units and based on company cumulative aggregate cash flow  and revenue targets approved by the Compensation Committee and the Board  as well as to shareholder return. Millicom emphasizes the ""one team"" mentality - by maintaining unified goals and objectives in the long-term incentive program for the executive leadership team with the purpose of driving the successful achievement of three-year performance goals designed to enhance long-term value of the Company. 14 Benchmarking of Executive Management Compensation: For the Chief Executive Officer (""CEO"") and Executive Vice Presidents (""EVPs"")  compensation is benchmarked against a peer group  which includes: PayPal Holdings  Inc.  Lumen Technologies  Inc.  DISH Network Corporation  American Tower Corporation  Altice USA  Inc.  Sirius XM Holdings Inc.  Global Payments Inc.  Liberty Latin America Ltd.  Frontier Communications Parent  Inc.  Telephone and Data Systems  Inc.  United States Cellular Corporation  AMC Networks Inc.  SBA Communications Corporation and Cable One  Inc. Senior Management Remuneration Policy (i) Base salary and benefits Base annual salaries shall be competitive and based on individual responsibilities and performance. The base salary and other benefits of the CEO are proposed by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board  and the base salary and benefits of direct reports to the CEO (i.e.  EVPs) are proposed by the CEO and approved by the Compensation Committee. (ii) Variable remuneration Senior management may receive variable remuneration in addition to base salary. The variable remuneration consists of (a) Short-term Incentives (STI)  and (b) Long-term Incentives (LTI). The amounts and percentages for variable remuneration are based on pre-established goals and targets related to the performance of both Millicom and individual employees  as summarized below and presented in detail in item 24. During 2022  Millicom completed a rights offering whereby it issued approximately 70 million new shares. As part of that exercise  in order to preserve the unvested value each employee had just before the rights offering  we adjusted (a) the number of unvested shares in in-flight plans and (b) the target price under the market share unit (MSU) plans. As is common practice  we utilized the corresponding TERP (Theoretical Ex-Rights Price) ratio of 1.2737669 for this adjustment. Under IFRS 2  this event did not represent a modification of the plan  and therefore  the additional shares granted to employees did not trigger any additional cost or accounting accrual. Adjustment for the rTSR performance condition should occur automatically. Data providers such as Bloomberg automatically apply a formula to historic share prices and dividends to allow a like-for-like comparison of relative TSR (a) Short-term Incentives (STI Telco) The STI consists of two components: a cash bonus and a restricted share units-based component (the Deferred Share Plan  or ""DSP""). For certain Millicom operations  the deferred share component is calculated as deferred cash. STI performance measures are aligned with Millicom's strategy to expand broadband  to monetize mobile data  drive convergence  accelerate B2B  go digital and provide the best customer service and experience. These measures  and relative weightings (shown below) are designed to reflect Millicom's strategic goals of encouraging profitable operations  efficient use of capital  overall growth and customer focus: (i) Service Revenue (20%)  (ii) Earnings Before Interest  Tax  Depreciation and Amortization (""EBITDA"") (20%)  15 (iii) Operating Free Cash Flow after Leases* (""OFCFal"") (20%)  (iv) Relational Net Promoter Score (""rNPS"") (10%)  and (v) Personal Performance** (30%). * EBITDA less CAPEX (OCF)  less changes in working capital and other non-cash items and taxes paid (OFCF)  less lease capital and interest repayments. ** Personal Performance is assessed on achievement of personalized qualitative and quantitative goals aligned to the overall strategy and objectives of the Company. The DSP seeks to attract and retain management and high-potential employees  by rewarding for past performance and incentivizing longer-term service. It is part of Millicom's short-term incentive program and as such the Board deems that pro rata vesting (30%/30%/40%) over a three-year period is reasonable in order to achieve the objectives of Millicom's overall compensation and reward strategy. For certain Millicom operations  the deferred share component of the STI has been replaced by deferred cash  which is earned and accrues on terms substantially similar to those of the DSP. Modifications compared to the 2022 STI For the 2023 STI  the plan structure remained substantially unchanged from 2023  with only an enhancement to the rNPS metric by adding the Competitive Advantage/GAP vs Key Competitor  providing an even clearer picture of the overall customer relationship  relative to the competition. Eligibility Eligibility for participation in the DSP component of the STI is limited to members of Millicom's Global Senior Management  which comprises the CEO  the EVPs  Corporate Vice Presidents (""VPs"")  and Country General Managers (""GMs"")  plus Corporate Directors  and Country-based Directors reporting directly to Country General Managers (""GM-1""). Additionally  employees designated as being ""key talents"" or having ""critical skills"" may be nominated to participate in the DSP (the ""DSP Participants""). Currently  317 individuals are included in this group. Other employees participate in the STI and are eligible to receive a cash bonus  but do not participate in the DSP. 2023 DSP (based on 2022 performance) Information on the 2023 DSP  including performance measures and payout scales (based on performance in 2022)  and the number of share awards to be granted  are described in agenda item 24 below. 2024 DSP (based on 2023 performance) Millicom has maintained the same overall design for the 2024 DSP. The 2024 DSP share awards will vest (subject to the participant still being employed by Millicom) 30% in Q1 2025  30% in Q1 2026 and 40% in Q1 2027. The 2024 DSP will be presented for approval at the 2024 AGM  once all final details  including maximum number of share awards to be granted  are known. (b) Short-term Incentives (STI MFS) For our Mobile Financial Services (MFS) business  we have a similar STI plan that also consists of two components: a cash bonus and a restricted share units-based component (the Deferred Share Plan  or ""DSP""). 16 In the MFS plan  however  the STI performance measures are different than those used for our Telco business  and more aligned to our Fintech strategy. These measures  and relative weightings are: For our MFS central team: (i) Revenue Core (10%)  (ii) Revenue Lending) (10%)  (iii) Digital Users (20%)  (iv) Active Merchants (10%)  (v) Key platform launches (20%)  and (vi) Personal Performance** (30%) For our operation based MFS teams: (i) Revenue (20%)  (ii) Digital Users (25%)  (iii) Active Merchants (25%)  and (iv) Personal Performance** (30%) * Revenue Core (metric for the central team): Includes service revenue from traditional Wallet and OTC services plus Other revenues. Products/Services considered: Bill Payments  Cash IN  Cash Out  P2P transfers  Bulk collections  International and local remittances  merchant payments  access card revenues  micro-insurance. ** Revenue Lending (metric for the central team): Considers service revenue generated by lending products  such as interest performing loans  late interest and management fee. *** Revenue (metric for the operations): Considers total service revenues regenerated by Mobile Financial Services products  such as: Bill Payments  Cash IN  Cash Out  P2P transfers  Bulk collections  International and local remittances  merchant payments  access card  micro-insurance  lending interests  management fees and other revenues. ****Digital Users (app customer): Is a customer that has participated in any of the mobile financial services using digital cash wallets via APP (Native or Web) in the given period 30 days. *****Active Merchants: Natural o legal person within the Tigo Money ecosystem that accepts payments for a product or service  credit or payroll services through Tigo Money payment services (e.g. webservice  payment gateway  POS or other bill payment integration  etc.). To be considered Active  a merchant must receive at least one payment/credit/payroll service through Tigo Money in the give period (30 days) ****** Personal Performance is assessed on achievement of personalized qualitative and quantitative goals aligned to the overall strategy and objectives of the Company. (c) Long-term Incentive Plan (""LTI"") The LTI is a performance-based share plan (""PSP"") whereby share awards granted fully vest at the end of a three-year period  subject to achievement against performance measures and fulfillment of conditions. These measures  and their relative weightings  are shown below: (i) Service Revenue  with a specific 3-year target (30%)  (ii) Operating cash flow after leases (""OCFaL"")  with a specific 3-year target (50%)  and (iii) Relative Total Shareholder Return (""TSR"") vis-a-vis a peer group of companies (10%) (iv) ESG target achievement (10%) For certain Millicom operations  this award is calculated as deferred cash  and the components are OCFaL (50%)  Service Revenue (40%) and ESG (10%). The 2023 PSP share awards are granted in Q1 of 2023 and 17 will vest  subject to achievement of the performance conditions  at the end of the three-year period ending on December 31  2025. Modifications compared to the 2022 LTI We have included a series of ESG metrics and assigned a 10% of the total target. The five main variables are: Female % D&I - Total Employees  Female % D&I - Leadership  Net Zero / SBTi: Reduction  Women Connected and Teachers Connected. Eligibility Eligibility for participation in the LTI is limited to members of Millicom's Global Senior Management Team (GSMT)  which is defined by Millicom's internal role grading structure and consists of the CEO  EVPs  VPs and GMs. Currently  38 individuals are included in this group. 2023 PSP (based on 2023-2025 performance) Information on the 2023 PSP  including performance measures and payout scales (based on performance from 2023 to 2025)  and the number of share awards to be granted  is included in agenda item 24 below. (iii) Other benefits Other benefits can include  for example  car allowance  medical coverage and  in limited cases  while on an expat assignment  housing allowance  school fees  and home leave. (iv) Pension The Global Senior Management Team is eligible to participate in a global retirement saving plan which also covers death and disability insurance. This global plan is secured through premiums paid to insurance companies. Company contributions to the global defined contribution retirement saving plan range between 10% - 15% of the executive's base pay. Notice of termination and severance pay If the employment of Millicom's most senior management is terminated  a notice period of up to 12 months could potentially apply. Other Policies and Practices The Board regularly reviews best practices in executive compensation and governance and revises policies and practices when appropriate. Deviations from the policy and guidelines In special circumstances  the Board may deviate from the above policy and guidelines  including additional variable remuneration in the case of exceptional performance. Where such deviation relates to the CEO's remuneration  the Board may temporarily deviate from the above policy and guidelines until the 2024 AGM to ensure the long-term interest and continuity of Millicom or guaranty its viability. 18 Independent Advisor The Board has retained Mercer as its independent compensation consultant. Mercer provides advice  executive benchmarking data and best practices and makes suggestions based on its knowledge of the market. AGM - item 24: SHARE-BASED INCENTIVE PLANS As outlined in the proposed guidelines and policy for senior management remuneration in agenda item 23 above (and the corresponding guidelines approved at the 2022 AGM)  variable compensation includes the following share-based incentive plans: (i) a short-term Deferred Share Plan (DSP)  and (ii) a three-year Performance Share Plan (PSP). There is no requirement under Swedish law for Millicom (as a Luxembourg company) to obtain shareholder approval of share-based incentive plans. Nonetheless  following past practice and in alignment with the expectations of Millicom's shareholders  the Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve the 2023 DSP  the 2023 PSP and the granting of share awards under both plans  as further described below. Governance of the Plans The Compensation Committee of the Board monitors and evaluates programs for variable remuneration (both ongoing programs and those that have ended during the year)  the manner in which the guidelines for remuneration to senior management adopted at the Annual General Meeting have been applied  and the current remuneration structure and levels of remuneration in Millicom. The design of each share-based plan is reviewed each year to ensure that: · The programs are well aligned with the interest of shareholders; · The programs are designed to help attract  motivate and retain the competencies needed in Millicom's senior management; and · The programs have a positive effect on Millicom's development and thus are beneficial for both Millicom and its shareholders. The Compensation Committee determines when an offer for the grant of share awards shall be made  the eligible employees to whom such offer shall be made and the terms governing the offer for the grant of share awards  in accordance with the principles adopted by the AGM. The Compensation Committee shall also have the right to resolve on more detailed terms and conditions in accordance with the Senior Management Remuneration Policy. The Board approves the detailed terms and conditions of the share-based compensation plans  in accordance with the terms and guidelines set out herein. In connection therewith  the Board is entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  and  in connection with delivery of shares to participants  offer share settlement in order to cover the participant's tax costs upon vesting. The Board may make certain other adjustments  including deciding to reduce the delivery of shares for all participants  or for certain categories of participants covered by the 2023 PSP and 2023 DSP  if material 19 changes occur within Millicom or in the market that  in the Board's assessment  mean that the terms and conditions for the allotment of shares under the plans no longer fulfil the main objectives of the plans. Preparation of the Proposal Millicom's Compensation Committee has prepared the 2023 DSP and the 2023 PSP in consultation with external advisors. The plans have been reviewed at meetings of the Compensation Committee in 2022 and in the first months of 2023. (i) Proposed 2023 DSP (based on 2022 performance) The proposed 2023 DSP is based on a target percentage of the annual base salary of each participant and the performance related to the 2022 financial year. Each share unit granted carries a non-transferable right to receive one share in Millicom on the relevant vesting date. Eligibility for participation in the 2023 DSP is described in item 23. Calculation STI compensation is calculated as Base Salary X a pre-determined % of base salary X plan performance. Performance measures (based on 2022 performance) and payout scale Performance is measured on the extent to which performance targets (group  regional  or country level as applicable to each individual) are achieved  as follows: Performance measure % of the DSP Service revenue (SR) 20% EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization) 20% OFCFaL (Operating Free Cash Flow after Leases) 20% tNPS (transactional net promoter score) 10% Personal performance 30% Payout is based on a linear scale with minimum  target and maximum achievement of performance measures (except personal performance) as follows: Achievement Payout Achievement less than 95% of target 0% Achievement at 100% of target 100% Achievement at or above 104% (SR)  106% (EBITDA)  107% (OFCFaL) and/or 110% (tNPS) of target 200% Personal performance is based on the rating scale below  whereby employees rated ""does not meet"" do not receive any STI compensation  and employees rated 'partially meets' are not eligible to participate in the 2023 DSP. 20 Performance rating Does not meet Partially meets Meets Exceeds Exceptionally Exceeds Payout 0% 15% on cash component. 0% on share component. 30% 45% 60% Payment / vesting If the AGM approves the 2023 DSP  and thereby the granting of share awards to the DSP Participants  the STI is paid in cash and in DSP shares: for senior leaders 30% / 70% at the top and 40% / 60% at the lower end  and for the other employees is paid 50 % cash 50% DSP shares. For employees not participating in the DSP  or to the extent that the DSP is not approved by the AGM  the STI (including the portion that would have been provided as shares) will be a cash bonus. The share awards will vest (generally subject to the participant still being employed by Millicom) 30% in Q1 2024  30% in Q1 2025 and 40% in Q1 2026. Grant of share awards 2 358 514 share units were granted  conditional on AGM approval as per the above  under the DSP plan in Q1 2023  representing approximately 1.4% of the outstanding shares and outstanding votes. (ii) Proposed 2023 PSP The proposed 2023 PSP represents 100% of the 2023 LTI and rewards PSP Participants based on performance measures achieved between 2023 and 2025. Each share unit granted as part of the 2023 PSP  carries a non-transferable right to receive one share in Millicom on the relevant vesting date. Eligibility for participation in the 2023 PSP is described in item 23. Calculation The number of PSP share units per participant is based on seniority and ranges from 35% to 315% at target (for the CEO) of base annual salary (as of January 1  2023) as follows: Seniority % of base annual salary (range) Country General Managers and Corporate Vice Presidents 35%-70% CEO and Executive Management Team 85%-315% 21 Performance measures Each PSP share unit will vest as one Millicom share  subject to the achievement of the following performance measures: Performance measure % of the PSP OCFaL  with a specific 3-year target from 2023 to 2025 50% Service Revenue  with a specific 3-year target from 2023 to 2025 30% Relative Total Shareholder Return (""TSR"") vis-a-vis a peer group* of companies over the period from January 1  2023 to December 31  2025 10% ESG metrics 10% * The peer group used for assessment of the Relative Total Shareholder Return consists of America Movil  TIM Brazil  TEF Brazil  Entel Chile  LiLac  Telecom Argentina  Grupo Televisa and Megacable Payout Scale The following linear payout scale is applied to the OCFaL and Service Revenue performance measures  with a zero payout for achievement less than 80%  a 100% payout for 100% achievement (""Target"") and a 200% payout for 120% or more achievement (""Maximum""): OCFaL  Service Revenue and ESG achievement <80% 90% 95% 100% 105% 110% 115% 120% Payout 0% 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% The following linear payout scale is applied to the Relative TSR performance measure: Relative TSR (median) <100% 100% 105% 110% 115% 120% Payout 0% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% In addition  participants who receive a 'does not meet' performance rating are not eligible to participate in the PSP in the following year. Payment / vesting The share awards vest after a three-year vesting period  in Q1 2026  subject to achievement of performance measures and the participant being employed by Millicom at the time of vesting. Grant of share awards A maximum of 1 696 732 share units are granted under the 2023 PSP plan representing approximately 1.0% of the outstanding shares and votes. Share ownership requirements Participants in the PSP are subject to Millicom's Share Ownership Policy  which requires them to hold all shares vested (post tax) under either the PSP or the DSP and maintain the following minimum levels of share ownership: Seniority % of base annual salary CEO 400% CFO and Senior EVPs 200% EVPs 100% Other participants 50% 22 Accounting  cost and maximum number of shares Both the DSP and PSP are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2  which requires the cost of share awards to be recorded as employee costs in the income statement over the vesting period  based on the number of shares expected to vest and the fair value of those shares. Elements specific to each plan are as follows: (i) 2023 DSP No expense is recognized for DSP share awards that do not ultimately vest. Vesting of the shares is not dependent on market conditions. The number of shares that may vest  approximate cost and percentage of outstanding shares (based on a share price of USD 19.64) are as follows: Shares that may vest Approximate cumulative three-year cost (USD) % of outstanding shares At Maximum 2 358 514 46.3 million 1.4% Using the grant price  of $12.52  the cost is USD 29.5 million The costs and dilution are expected to have only a marginal effect on key ratios of Millicom. Information on performance of the 2023 STI and on the 2024 DSP grant will be presented in Millicom's 2023 Annual Report. (ii) 2023 PSP No expense is recognized for share awards that do not ultimately vest  except for PSP share awards where vesting is conditional upon a market condition  which are treated as vested regardless of whether or not the market conditions are satisfied  provided that all other performance conditions are satisfied. The cost of the 2023 PSP is allocated over the vesting period and is calculated in two distinct components as follows: 1) As the TSR measure is based on market conditions  the fair value of the share units in the PSP requires adjustment for future market-based conditions. For this  a specific valuation was performed on the grant date based on the probability of the TSR conditions being met (including the extent to which they are expected to be met) and the expected payout based upon leaving conditions. 2) The Service Revenue  OCFaL and ESG performance components are non-market measures which are considered together with a leaving (forfeiture) estimate and based initially on a target fulfilment expectation. The number of shares that may vest  approximate cost and percentage of outstanding shares (based on a share price of USD 19.64) are as follows: Shares that may vest Approximate cumulative three-year cost (USD) % of outstanding shares At Target 848 366 17.0 million 0.5% At Maximum 1 696 732 34.1 million 1.0% Using the grant price  of $12.52  the cost is USD 10.6 million at target and USD 21.2 million at maximum Cost and dilution are expected to have only a marginal effect on key ratios of Millicom. 23 Information about the performance results and the outcome of the 2023 PSP will be presented in Millicom's 2025 Annual Report. Hedging arrangements and delivery of shares The undertaking to deliver shares to the participants in the 2023 DSP and 2023 PSP will be fulfilled either by Millicom transferring its own treasury shares or  if required  by acquiring and transferring shares or issuing new shares. Delivery of shares  subject to the terms of conditions of the plans  will be made free of charge. Information regarding other incentive programs in Millicom Please refer to the 2022 Annual Report and the Company's website http://www.millicom.com   for further information regarding all Millicom's on-going share or share price-related incentive programs. EGM- item 1: CHAIR OF THE EGM Millicom's Board proposes  in line with the Nomination Committee proposal for the AGM to be held on the same day  Mr. Alexander Koch  attorney at law (Avocat à la Cour/Rechtsanwalt)  with professional address in Luxembourg  to preside over the EGM. In case of absence of Mr. Alexander Koch  the chair of the Board of Directors of Millicom or  in the absence of the chair of the Board of Directors  any member of the Board of Directors present at the EGM  shall be empowered to appoint from amongst the persons present at the EGM the individual that will preside over the EGM. The +chair of the EGM shall be empowered to appoint the other members of the Bureau (i.e.  the Secretary and the Scrutineer) amongst the persons present or virtually present at the meeting. EGM- items 2 - 4: INCREASE OF AUTHORIZED SHARE CAPITAL AND RENEWAL OF THE AUTHORISATION GRANTED TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO ISSUE NEW SHARES The Board proposes to increase the authorized share capital from three hundred million United States Dollars (USD 300 000 000) divided into two hundred million (200 000 000) shares with a par value of one dollar fifty cents (USD 1.50) each  to three hundred and seventy-five million United States Dollars (USD 375 000 000) divided into two hundred and fifty million (250 000 000) shares with a par value of one dollar fifty cents (USD 1.50) each. The proposed increase in the authorized capital is to maintain the ratio between authorized and issued share capital within market practice  following the additional shares issued in the context of the rights offerings on 17 and 28 June 2022. Furthermore  the five-year term of the existing authorization to the Board of Directors to increase the outstanding corporate capital within the limits of the authorized capital by issuing new shares is set to expire 24 on 4 May 2023. The Board of Directors proposes the EGM renew this authorization until 31 May 2028  under the limits set out hereafter. The Board of Directors also proposes to remove or limit the preferential subscription right of the shareholders when issuing new shares under the authorized capital. The power of the Board of Directors to remove or limit the preferential subscription right of the shareholders when issuing new shares under the authorized capital shall be capped to a maximum of new shares representing 10% of the then outstanding shares (including shares held in treasury by the Company itself). The Board of Directors prepared a report to the general meeting of shareholders in accordance with article 420-26 (5) of the 1915 Law  to inform the general meeting of shareholders of the reasons that motivate the increase of the authorized share capital and the removal or limitation of the preferential subscription rights. The amended article 5 of the articles of association of the Company shall read as follows: Article 5. Corporate Capital. ""The Company has an authorized capital of three hundred and seventy five million United States Dollars (USD 375 000 000) divided into two hundred and fifty million (250 000 000) shares with a par value of one United States dollar fifty cents (USD 1.50) each. The Company has an issued capital of two hundred fifty-eight million one hundred forty-four thousand four hundred fifty-seven United States dollars and fifty cents (USD 258 144 457.50) represented by one hundred seventy-two million ninety-six thousand three hundred and five (172 096 305) shares with a par value of one United States dollar and fifty cents (USD 1.50) each  fully paid-in. The authorized capital of the Company may be increased or reduced by a resolution of the shareholders of the Company (the ""Shareholder(s)"") adopted in the manner required by the Law for amendment of these Articles. The Board is authorized and empowered to: (i) realize any increase of the issued capital within the limits of the authorized capital in one or several successive tranches  by issuing of new shares  against payment in cash or in kind  by conversion of claims  integration of distributable reserves or premium reserves  or in any other manner; (ii) determine the place and date of the issue or the successive issues  the issue price  the terms and conditions of the subscription of and paying up on the new shares; and (iii) remove or limit the preferential subscription right of the Shareholders in case of issue of shares against payment in cash to a maximum of new shares representing 10% of the then outstanding shares (including shares held in treasury by the Company itself). This authorization is valid until 31 May 2028  and it may be renewed by an extraordinary general meeting of the Shareholders for those shares of the authorized corporate capital which up to then will not have been issued by the Board. 25 Following each increase of the corporate capital realized and duly stated in the form provided for by the Law  the first paragraph of this article 5 will be modified so as to reflect the actual increase; such modification will be recorded in authentic form by the Board or by any person duly authorized and empowered by it for this purpose. EGM - item 5: FULL RESTATEMENT OF THE COMPANY'S ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION It is proposed to fully restate the Articles incorporating the above changes approved at the EGM. The draft restated articles of association of the Company are available on the Company's website. Board of Directors April 21  2023 The personal data of SDR holders and shareholders collected from the SDR/share register  notification of attendance to the AGM and EGM as well as information regarding representatives and advisors will be used for registration  drawing up of voting list for the AGM and EGM and  where applicable  minutes from the AGM and EGM. The personal data will be processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). 26 For more information  please contact: AGM/EGM Inquiries:Patrick Gill  Company Secretary +352 27 759 603 Maria Florencia Maiori  Senior Legal Counsel information@millicom.com Press:Sofia Corral  Director Corporate Communications press@millicom.com Investors: Michel Morin  VP Investor Relations Sarah Inmon  Director Investor Relations investors@millicom.com About Millicom Millicom (NASDAQ U.S.: TIGO  Nasdaq Stockholm: TIGO_SDB) is a leading provider of fixed and mobile telecommunications services in Latin America. Through our TIGO® and Tigo Business® brands  we provide a wide range of digital services and products  including TIGO Money for mobile financial services  TIGO Sports for local entertainment  TIGO ONEtv for pay TV  high-speed data  voice  and business-to-business solutions such as cloud and security. As of December 31  2022  Millicom employed approximately 19 300 people and provided mobile and fiber-cable services through its digital highways to more than 45 million customers  with a fiber-cable footprint over 13 million homes passed. Founded in 1990  Millicom International Cellular S.A. is headquartered in Luxembourg. For more information  visit millicom.com. Connect with Millicom on Twitter  Instagram  Facebook  and LinkedIn. 27 The Millicom Nomination Committee's proposal for Board of Directors Luxembourg  April 21  2023 - In advance of the Annual General Meeting of shareholders (""AGM"") of Millicom International Cellular S.A. (""Millicom"")  to be held on May 31  2023  Millicom's Nomination Committee proposes: The election of Blanca Treviño de Vega  María Teresa Arnal Machado  Thomas Reynaud  Nicolas Jaeger and Michael Golan as new Non-Executive Directors of the Board; The re-election of José Antonio Rios García as a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Board; the re-election of Bruce Churchill  Tomas Eliasson  and Pernille Erenbjerg as Non-Executive Directors of the Board; and The re-election of Mauricio Ramos as an Executive Director of the Board. Odilon Almeida  Lars-Johan Jarnheimer  Mercedes Johnson  and James Thompson  have decided not to seek re-election. María Teresa Arnal will bring her significant knowledge in the fields of digital payments and digital infrastructure businesses in Latin America  as well as her experience in digital and new media technology  telecommunications and entertainment. Blanca Treviño de Vega will bring her wide-ranging international experience in IT services in emerging market countries  particularly in Latin America  as well as strong leadership and perspectives in the rapidly evolving world of business technology. Thomas Reynaud will bring extensive experience in driving growth in the telecommunications and media sector and has advised European companies on their business development and IPOs. Nicolas Jaeger will bring knowledge in strategy and corporate finance  with experience in successfully developing international businesses in the media and telecommunications industries. Michael Golan will bring insights from his experience as CEO in the telecommunications and media sectors and creating a mobile operator in Israel. Jan Dworsky  Chairman of the Nomination Committee  commented: ""The Nomination Committee is pleased to propose the election of Blanca Treviño de Vega  María Teresa Arnal  Thomas Reynaud  Nicolas Jaeger and Michael Golan as new Board Directors. The addition of these new directors will strengthen Millicom's strategic and operational oversight  particularly in respect of strategic direction and operation of telco assets  leading and overseeing digital infrastructure and digital payments  as well as technology driven business opportunities in Latin America  as Millicom's focuses on Latin America in its growth journey."" José Antonio Rios García  Chair of the Board  added: ""On behalf of the Board  the management team  and all shareholders  I would like to extend our gratitude to our outgoing directors for their significant contributions to the Board. Mercedes Johnson served as Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compliance and Business Conduct Committee during her tenure overseeing many important developments and advances in control and compliance aspects of the business. Over a period of seven years  Odilon Almeida contributed significantly as Chair of Millicom's Compliance and Business Committee and to the overall Board on numerous business development and compliance related programs during this time. In addition to his strengthening the Board's telecommunications leadership  Lars-Johan Jarnheimer was a key member of the Compensation Committee and contributor in the setting of Millicom's remuneration philosophy and practices. James Thompson served four years in the Board of Millicom  sharing insightful experience in the private equity and capital markets while participating as a Non-Executive Director of the Board  and as a member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. In addition  I look forward to Blanca Treviño de Vega  María Teresa Arnal  Thomas Reynaud  Nicolas Jaeger and Michael Golan joining the Board in 2023."" The Nomination Committee's motivated statement and full proposals are available in the corporate governance section of the Millicom website and are presented together with the convening notice to Millicom's AGM  to be held on May 31  2023. The Nomination Committee ahead of the 2023 AGM comprised: Jan Dworsky  appointed by Swedbank Robur Funds; Viktor Kockberg  appointed by Nordea Investment Funds; Staley Cates  appointed by Southeastern Asset Management; Gerardo Zamorano  appointed by Brandes Investment Partners; and Nicolas Jaeger appointed by Atlas Luxco; as well as the Chair of Millicom's Board of Directors  José Antonio Ríos García  appointed by the shareholders at the 2022 AGM. -END- Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Millicom International Cellular SA published this content on 24 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 24 April 2023 10:06:03 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. 04/24 Millicom International Cellular S A : L-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg - Form .. PU 04/21 Millicom International Cellular S A : Press Release - Millicom Nomination Committee PU 04/21 Millicom International Cellular S A : Draft resolutions for the EGM 31 May 2023 PU 04/21 Millicom International Cellular S A : Draft resolutions for the AGM 2023 PU 04/21 Millicom International Cellular S A : SDR Holder proxy form and Notification Form 2023 PU 04/21 Millicom International Cellular S A : Special report reauthorized capital PU 04/21 Convening Notice for Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareh.. GL 04/21 The Millicom Nomination Committee's proposal for Board of Directors GL 04/21 Millicom International Cellular S.A. Announces Board Retirements CI 04/18 Millicom (Tigo) notice of first quarter 2023 results and video conference GL Analyst Recommendations on MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. 03/13 UBS Downgrades Millicom International Cellular to Neutral From Buy  Adjusts Price Targe.. MT 02/07 Fitch Affirms Millicom International Cellular S.A.'s Ratings at 'BB+'; Outlook Stable AQ 02/07 Fitch Maintains Millicom Ratings on Leading Market Position MT",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.17,0.49,True,English,"['Millicom International Cellular S A', 'Grand Duchy', '49 Luxembourg', 'Form', 'seventy five million United States Dollars', 'José Antonio Ríos García', 'three hundred million United States Dollars', 'Blanca Treviño de Vega', 'Millicom International Cellular S A', 'MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.', 'María Teresa Arnal', 'one dollar fifty cents', 'R.C.S. Luxembourg', 'Senior Management Remuneration Policy', 'subsequent extraordinary general meeting', 'two hundred million (200,000,000) shares', 'Young S.A.', 'multiple email addresses', 'unappropriated net profits', 'share-based incentive plans', 'preferential subscription right', 'Hotel Le Royal', 'annual general meeting', 'Share Repurchase Plan', 'Central European Time', 'authorized share capital', 'share capital increase', 'external auditor remuneration', '2022 Remuneration Report', '12 Bd Royal', 'management reports', 'annual accounts', 'Millicom employees', 'Grand Duchy', 'section IV', 'agenda points', 'section IX', 'detailed information', 'other members', 'consolidated accounts', 'legal reserves', 'remaining balance', 'Bruce Churchill', 'Tomas Eliasson', 'Pernille Erenbjerg', 'Mauricio Ramos', 'Thomas Reynaud', 'Nicolas Jaeger', 'Michael Golan', 'Nomination Committee', 'par value', 'commercial companies', 'new shares', 'special report', ""Directors' remuneration"", 'First name', 'The AGM', 'AGENDA AGM', '250,000,000 shares', '49 Luxembourg', '2024 AGM', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'I.', 'EGM', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'CET', 'proxy', 'instructions', 'Notes', 'proposals', 'chair', 'bureau', 'board', 'year', 'results', 'performance', 'mandates', 'number', 'term', 'period', 'Ernst', 'accordance', 'Article', 'law', '10 August', 'paragraph', 'association', 'authorization', 'USD', 'relation', 'renewal', 'granting', 'power', 'case', 'issue', '4:00']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23536,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-neodynamics-ab-publ-301805615.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in NeoDynamics AB (Publ),"STOCKHOLM  April 24  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in NeoDynamics AB (publ)  reg. no. 559014-9117 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the annual general meeting on Tuesday 23 May 2023 at 15.00 at the Company's premises at Lejonvägen 14  Lidingö. Ri…","STOCKHOLM  April 24  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in NeoDynamics AB (publ)  reg. no. 559014-9117 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the annual general meeting on Tuesday 23 May 2023 at 15.00 at the Company's premises at Lejonvägen 14  Lidingö.Right to participateShareholders who wish to participate in the general meeting must:be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 12 May 2023 (the record date)  and(the record date)  and notify his/her/its intention to attend the general meeting to the Company no later than Friday 19 May 2023   by mail to NeoDynamics AB (publ)  Lejonvägen 14  181 32 Lidingö  Sweden or by e-mail to [email protected] .Such notification shall include the shareholder's name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  number of shares  address and telephone number  details on advisors (no more than two)  if any  and  where applicable  details of representatives or proxies.Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are nominee-registered through a bank or other trustee must  in order to exercise the right to vote and participate in the general meeting  temporarily register their shares in their own names (so-called voting rights registration). Voting rights registration requested by shareholders in such time that the nominee has completed the registration no later than Tuesday 16 May 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register. This means that shareholders who wish to temporarily register their shares in their own names must make such request to their nominees well in advance of this date.ProxyShareholders represented by proxy must submit a dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney is executed by a legal person  a copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent must be attached. The power of attorney may not be valid for a period exceeding five years from its issuance. The original power of attorney and certificate of registration should be submitted to the Company by mail to the address mentioned above in due time prior to the general meeting. Alternatively  the original power of attorney and certificate of registration may be brought and presented at the general meeting. The Company provides a proxy form at request and on the Company's website  www.neodynamics.com.Number of shares and votesAs of the date of this notice  there is a total of 120 501 184 shares and votes in the Company.Proposed agendaOpening of the general meeting and election of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Presentation of annual report and auditor's report Resolutions on the adoption of the income statement and balance sheet; on dispositions regarding the Company's result according to the approved balance sheet; on discharge of liability to the board members and the CEO. Resolution on the number of board members  deputy board members and the number of auditors and deputy auditors Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors Election of the board of directors and any deputy board members as well as auditors and/or auditing company and any deputy auditors Resolution regarding (A) introduction of ""NeoDynamics AB 2023 Stock Option Plan""  (B) directed issue of warrants and (C) approval of transfer Resolution on authorization (rights issue) Resolution on authorization (directed issue) Closing of the general meetingProposals on resolutionsItem 1 - Election of chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee proposes that Ingrid Salén is appointed as chairman of the annual general meeting  or in the event that she in unable to attend  the person appointed by the nomination committee in her place.Item 7b - Resolution on dispositions regarding the company's resultThe board proposes that no dividends are paid for the financial year 2022 and that the Company's result is retained in the business.Item 8 - Resolution on the number of board members  auditors  and deputiesThe nomination committee proposes that the board shall consist of four (4) ordinary members without deputy members. The nomination committee further proposes that one auditor  without deputy auditors  is appointed.Item 9 - Determination of remuneration to the board and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the remuneration shall remain the same as the previous year  paid with SEK 200 000 to the chairman of the board  and with SEK 125 000 to each other member of the board. The nomination committee further proposes that remuneration is paid to the auditor in accordance with approved invoice.Item 10 - Election of board and auditorThe nomination committee proposes reelection of Carina Bolin  Claes Pettersson  Ingrid Salén and Matthew E. Colpoys  Jr. as board members for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. The nomination committee proposes that Ingrid Salén is reelected as chairman of the board.For the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  the nomination committee proposes election of Ernst & Young AB (EY) as auditor  with Jakob Wojcik as principal auditor.Item 11 - Resolution regarding (A) introduction of ""NeoDynamics AB 2023 Stock Option Plan""  (B) directed issue of warrants and (C) approval of transferThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves (A) on the introduction of ""NeoDynamics AB 2023 Stock Option Plan"" (the ""Employee Stock Option Program"")  (B) on a directed issue of warrants to the Company to ensure the Company's delivery of shares according to the Employee Stock Option Program and (C) on approval of transfer of warrants or shares in the Company to participants in the Employee Stock Option Program.It is considered essential and in all shareholders' interest that the Company's existing and future employees in the United States  who are and will be important for the Company's further development  have a long-term interest in an increase of the value of the Company's shares. Without being able to offer a personal long-term ownership commitment  it can also be expected to be difficult to recruit and retain key personnel and other personnel. A personal long-term ownership commitment can be expected to contribute to an increased interest in the Company's operations and results as well as raise the participants' motivation and sense of community with the Company and its shareholders.NeoDynamics AB 2023 Stock Option PlanThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on the introduction of the Employee Stock Option program.The proposal for full terms and conditions for the Employee Stock Option Program is available on request from the Company and contains the following main terms:The Employee Stock Option Program is administered by the board of the Company (or a special committee within the board)  which also resolves on the allocation of employee stock optionsThe Employee Stock Option Program shall comprise not more than 1 700 000 shares and entitles the holder to subscribe for ordinary shares in the CompanyThe employee stock options shall be allotted to senior executives  employees and consultants and require US tax residency for the holderThe subscription price for the employee stock options is resolved by the board of directors upon allotment  but shall not be less than the market value of the ordinary shares at the time of allotment and shall not be less than the quota value of the shareThe term of the employee stock options is determined by the board of directors upon allotment  but shall not exceed ten yearsThe employee stock options are earned over time in a manner resolved by the board of directors at the time of allotmentThe employee stock options are not transferable and as a rule  unused employee stock options lapse if the employment is terminated or upon the death of the holder.2. Directed issue of warrantsTo enable the Company's delivery of shares under the Employee Stock Option Program  it is further proposed that the general meeting resolves on a directed issue of no more than 1 700 000 warrants according to the following terms:1. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  vest with the Company. Oversubscription cannot occur.2. The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the issue is a step in the introduction of the Employee Stock Option Program.3. The warrants are issued free of charge.4. Subscription of warrants shall be made within three (3) weeks from the date of the resolution to issue the warrants. The board of directors has the right to extend the subscription period.5. The increase of the Company's share capital may  upon full exercise of the warrants  amount to a maximum of SEK 170 000.6. The warrants can be exercised for subscription of new shares during the period from registration at the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including 30 June 2033.7. The subscription price for the share on exercise of the warrants is SEK 0.10  corresponding to the quota value of the Company's shares. The subscription price may in no case be less than the quota value.8. Detailed terms apply for the warrants.3. Approval of the transfer of warrants of shares in the Company to participants in the Employee Stock Option ProgramIt is finally proposed that the general meeting resolves to authorize the Company to transfer warrants or shares in the Company to participants in the Employee Stock Option Program  or otherwise dispose of the warrants to fulfil the Company's obligations arising from the Employee Stock Option Program.The board of directors  or the person appointed by the board  is proposed to be authorized to make the minor adjustments required for registration and execution of the resolutions according to (A) - (C) above.Item 12 - Resolution on authorization (rights issue)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors  for the time until the next annual general meeting  whether on one or several occasions  to resolve on issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. The board of directors shall be able to resolve on issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. Any such issue shall be with preferential rights for the shareholders.Item 13 - Resolution on authorization (directed issue)The board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes the board of directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up to the next annual general meeting  increase the Company's share capital through issues of new shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments  with or without provisions on payment by non-cash consideration and/or by way of set-off or other provisions. The board of directors shall not be able to make decisions that mean that the amount by which the share capital is increased corresponds to more than fifty (50) percent of the total share capital in the Company when the authorization is utilized for the first time.The purpose of the authorization and the reason to propose that the board of directors shall be authorized to resolve on issues with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights is to give the board of directors flexibility in the work of ensuring that the Company shall be able to raise capital to finance the operations and to enable continued expansion  alternatively to enable a broadening of the ownership of the Company with one or several owners of strategic importance to the Company.An issue in accordance with this authorization shall be on market conditions. The board of directors shall be entitled to decide on additional terms and conditions for issues under this authorization and who shall be entitled to subscribe for the shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. If the board of directors deems it appropriate to facilitate the delivery of shares in connection with an issue in accordance with this authorization  the issue may also take place at a subscription price which correspond to the quota value of the shares (provided that the Company ensures through relevant agreements that market compensation is received for the issued shares).Majority requirementsA resolution in accordance with the proposal under item 11 above requires that it is supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.A resolution in accordance with the proposal under item 13 above requires that it is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Information at the annual general meetingThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company  provide information at the annual general meeting on circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda and the Company's financial situation.Provision of documentsThe annual report and the auditor's report as well as other documents in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company at Lejonvägen 14  181 32 Lidingö and on the Company's website  www.neodynamics.com  no later than three weeks before the annual general meeting. The documents are also sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and who provide their address. The documents will also be available at the annual general meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the processing of personal data  please refer to the policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfLidingö in April 2023NeoDynamics AB (publ)The board of directorsThis disclosure contains information that NeoDynamics is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU nr 596/2014). The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person  on 24-04-2023 16:22 CET.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Anna Eriksrud  CEO NeoDynamics AB  phone +46708 444 966 or e-mail [email protected]Aaron Wong  CFO NeoDynamics AB  phone +46735 972 011 or e-mail [email protected]SOURCE NeoDynamics",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'NeoDynamics AB', 'Notice', 'Publ', 'NeoDynamics AB 2023 Stock Option Plan', 'next annual general meeting', 'Ingrid Salén', 'Matthew E. Colpoys', 'four (4) ordinary members', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identification number', 'voting rights registration', 'corporate registration number', 'deputy board members', 'deputy members', 'voting list', 'annual report', 'rights issue', 'Lejonvägen', 'share register', 'Such notification', 'other trustee', 'five years', 'two persons', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'A) introduction', 'nomination committee', 'financial year', 'previous year', 'other member', 'Carina Bolin', 'Claes Pettersson', 'deputy auditors', 'directed issue', 'telephone number', 'dated power', 'original power', 'record date', 'legal person', 'due time', 'proxy form', 'The Company', 'auditing company', 'transfer Resolution', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Tuesday 23 May', 'Friday 12 May', 'auditors Election', 'agenda Election', 'one auditor', '16 May', '120,501,184 shares', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'reg.', 'premises', 'Lidingö', 'intention', 'mail', 'name', 'address', 'details', 'advisors', 'representatives', 'proxies', 'bank', 'order', 'preparation', 'request', 'nominees', 'advance', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'equivalent', 'period', 'issuance', 'website', 'votes', 'notice', 'total', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'dispositions', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', 'remuneration', 'directors', 'warrants', 'authorization', 'Proposals', 'Item', 'event', 'place', 'dividends', 'business', 'deputies', 'SEK', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'reelection', 'Jr.']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,prnewswire.com
23537,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-kindred-102200606.html,Notice to Extraordinary General Meeting of Kindred Group plc,"NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (""EGM"") of Kindred Group plc (C 39017) (the ""Company"") convened in terms of article 135 (1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) will be held on 17 May 2023 at 10:00am CEST at Kindred's office ","VALLETTA  Malta  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (""EGM"") of Kindred Group plc (C 39017) (the ""Company"") convened in terms of article 135 (1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) will be held on 17 May 2023 at 10:00am CEST at Kindred's office  Regeringsgatan 25  Stockholm  Sweden.Notice to holders of Swedish Depository Receipts (""SDRs"")Holders of SDRs who wish to exercise their voting right at the EGM must:(i) be registered in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Monday 8 May 2023 (the ""Record Date""); and(ii) no later than Tuesday 9 May 2023 23:59 CEST either register their intention to attend the EGM  or exercise their voting rights  by following the link https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  and clicking through to Kindred Group  and logging in with BankID. BankID can also be used when voting on behalf of someone else; andAlternatively  voting rights can be exercised by sending a signed proxy form  which form can be found on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy or www.kindredgroup.com/EGM  and send this by post or courier to till Kindred Group  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm to be received no later than Tuesday 9 May 2023.Requirement (i): Holders of SDRs whose holding is registered in the name of a nominee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the EGM (by proxy or in person)  temporarily register their SDRs in their own name in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by the Record Date. Such holders must well before that day contact their custodian bank or brokerage to request that their holding be temporarily registered in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB before the Record Date.Requirement (ii): Holders of SDRs who will not attend the EGM in person must send their original signed proxy forms by post or courier so as to arrive  no later than Tuesday 9 May 2023. When submitting votes via regular mail or courier the proxy needs to be accompanied by supporting documentation showing the undersigned person/s authority to vote on behalf of the SDR holder. The proxy and any Power of Attorney need to be submitted in original.Story continuesThe convening notice in full and the agenda of the shareholders meeting together with other EGM papers can be found on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com/EGM.In the event you need assistance with  or have questions regarding  the voting procedure you can contact Euroclear via e-mail at generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com or via telephoneon +46 8 402 91 33. Please note that an SDR holder cannot exercise their voting rights via these channels  they are for support purposes only.Proposed AgendaIt is proposed that the EGM conducts the following business:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes6. Determination that the Meeting has been duly convened7. The meeting will be requested to reconsider and if thought fit  approve the following extraordinary resolution:Resolution AIt being noted that:(i) at a Board of Directors' meeting held on 8 March 2023  the directors resolved to obtain authority to buy back GBP 0.000625 Ordinary Shares/SDRs in the Company (the purpose of the buyback being to achieve added value for the Company's shareholders); and(ii) pursuant to article 106(1) (b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) a company may acquire any of its own shares otherwise than by subscription  provided inter alia authorisation is given by an extraordinary resolution  which resolution will need to determine the terms and conditions of such acquisitions and in particular the maximum number of shares/SDRs to be acquired  the duration of the period for which the authorisation is given and the maximum and minimum consideration.It is proposed that the Company  through the Board  be generally authorised and empowered to make purchases of ordinary shares/SDRs of GBP 0.000625 each in its capital  subject to the following:(a) the maximum number of shares/SDRs that may be so acquired is 23 000 000;(b) the minimum price that may be paid for the shares/SDRs is 1 SEK per share/SDR exclusive of tax;(c) the maximum price that may be paid for the shares/SDRs is 300 SEK per share/SDR exclusive of tax;(d) the purchases may take place on multiple occasions and will be based on actual market price and terms  and(e) the authority conferred by this resolution shall expire on the date of the 2024 Annual General Meeting but not so as to prejudice the completion of a purchase contracted before that date.8.The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following resolutions:Resolution B(i) that the issued share capital of the Company be reduced by means of a cancellation of such number of shares/SDRs determined by the board of directors and acquired pursuant to the Company's share buy-back program up to a maximum amount of GBP 23 125  representing a maximum of 37 000 000 shares/SDRs;(ii) that the board of directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to carry out all acts necessary for the purposes of giving effect to such cancellation of shares/SDRs  at such intervals and in such amounts as it deems appropriate;(iii) that in accordance with Article 83(1) of the Companies Act  (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta)  the Company shall be authorised to give effect to the reduction of issued share capital and consequent cancellation of shares/SDRs only following the lapse of three months from the date of the publication of the statement referred to in Article 401(1)(e) of the said Act;(iv) that upon the lapse of the period referred to in paragraph (iii) above  the board of directors of the Company and/or the Company Secretary be authorised and empowered to submit one or more revised and updated Memorandum of Association of the Company to the Malta Business Registry so as to inter alia reflect the change in issued share capital following such reduction/s; and(v) that this mandate will supersede and replace previous mandates provided to the board to cancel shares/SDRs.9. The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolution:Resolution CThat the directors be and are hereby duly authorised and empowered in accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  articles 85(1)(b) and 88(7) in the Companies Act  on one or several occasions prior to the date of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  to issue and allot up to a maximum of 23 million ordinary shares/SDRs in the Company of a nominal value of GBP 0.000625 each (the ""Share Issue Limit"") for payment in kind or through a set-off in connection with an acquisition without first offering the said shares/SDRs to existing SDR holders/shareholders (corresponding to a dilution of about 10 per cent). The Share Issue Limit shall be reduced by the amount of any shares/SDRs bought back and held by the Company. This resolution is being taken in terms and for the purposes of the approvals necessary in terms of the Companies Act and the Articles of Association of the Company.10. The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolution:Resolution DPerformance share plan for the senior managementThe Board of Directors has reviewed remuneration for the senior management and concluded that the Company would benefit from a continuation of a performance share plan that complements the stock option plan to further increase the senior management's alignment with long-term shareholder value creation. The Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' proposal regarding a performance share plan to the senior management in Kindred Group which will be used in conjunction with the existing stock option plan (SOP).In the proposed plan  the performance measure is a non-market based condition that provides participants (approximately 109) with a high degree of alignment to Company performance. PSP awards will depend on Kindred achieving financial performance target (i.e. EBITDA) over three financial years establishing a clearer link between how Kindred performs and the value that the PSP can deliver.The suggested performance share plan may in total comprise no more than 0 3% of all issued shares in Kindred annually  and on an accumulated basis the five plans of 2023-2027 will amount to around 1 1% of dilution.Closing of the meetingInformation about proposals related to Agenda item 2It is proposed that that Gunnar Johansson be elected Chairman of the Meeting.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 7Acquisition of Own SharesThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the Annual General Meeting of the Company which was held on 20 April 2023 (the ""AGM"").At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.92 per cent of those represented (31.32 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder/holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The Board of Directors proposes that the acquisition of shares/SDRs shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or via an offer to acquire the shares/SDRs to all shareholders. The purchases may take place on multiple occasions and will be based on actual market price and terms  prevailing regulations and the capital situation at any given time. Notification of any purchase will be made to Nasdaq Stockholm and details will appear in the Company's annual report and accounts.The objective of the purchase is to achieve added value for the Company's shareholders (including through the implementation of the share buy-back program previously announced) and to give the Board increased flexibility with the Company's capital structure.Following the purchase  the intention of the Board would be to either cancel  use as consideration for an acquisition or issue to employees under a Share Option programme or Share Performance Scheme.Once purchased under the Maltese Companies Act further shareholder approval will be required before those shares could be cancelled only. Shares/SDRs bought back pursuant to the Company's share buyback program will be cancelled (refer to Agenda item 8). A separate authorisation for such cancellation is being recommended pursuant to Resolution (B).If used as consideration for an acquisition  the intention would be that the actual Shares/SDRs would be offered to any potential transferor.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 8Share cancellationThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the AGM.At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.99 per cent of those represented (31.34 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder / holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The directors may decide to cancel all or some of shares/SDRs acquired pursuant to the buy-back program.The Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) stipulates that an extraordinary resolution of the shareholders of the Company is required in order to approve the reduction in the issued share capital of the Company.Such resolution needs to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in Malta  who will publish details of such reduction. Creditors of the Company will then have a period of three months in which they can contest the reduction in capital. Upon the lapse of the three-month period  assuming that no contestations are received  the reduction in share capital can become effective.In order to reflect the changes in the issued share capital  a revised memorandum of association of the Company indicating the reduced number of shares then in issue in the capital of the Company will need to be submitted to the Registrar of Companies.The reduction in issued share capital will take place at such intervals and in such amounts (subject to the maximum amount of GBP 23 125) as the directors shall determine from time to time.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 9Share issueThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the AGM.At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.99 per cent of those represented (31.34 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder / holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The objectives of the authorisation to be granted in terms of this resolution are to increase the financial flexibility of the Company and to enable the Company to use its own financial instruments for payment in kind or through a set-off to a selling partner in connection with any business acquisitions the Company may undertake or to settle any deferred payments in connection with business acquisitions. The market value of the shares/SDRs on each issue date that will be used in determining the price at which shares/SDRs will be issued  should be the same as the market value of the shares/SDRs listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. A cap of 23 million ordinary shares/SDRs in the Company is being requested in connection with this authorisation. The cap will be reduced by the amount of any shares/SDRs bought back and held by the Company excluding however any shares/SDRs held by the Company from the said calculation.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 10Performance share plan for the senior managementThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the AGM.At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 95.58 per cent of those represented (29.97 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder / holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The Board of Directors has reviewed remuneration for the senior management and concluded that the Company would benefit from a continuation of a performance share plan that complements the stock option plan to further increase the senior management's alignment with long-term shareholder value creation. The Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' proposal regarding a performance share plan to the senior management in Kindred Group which will be used in conjunction with the existing stock option plan (SOP).The Board of Directors is seeking shareholder approval for a 5-year mandate to operate the scheme that will cover 2023 – 2027 grants (following the 10-year mandate for Performance share plans given by the AGM in 2013). The Board have been working with the Company's consultants from Willis Towers Watson on a proposal and this is available on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com/EGM.For information on how personal data is processed please seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfBy order of the BoardKindred Group plcMalta  April 2023For more information:Johan Wilsby  Chief Financial Officerir@kindredgroup.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/824/3757141/2009083.pdf Notice to Extraordinary General Meeting Kindred Group plc https://news.cision.com/kindred-group/i/kindred- c3170440 KindredCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-kindred-group-plc-301806648.htmlSOURCE Kindred Group",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,positive,0.64,0.3,0.06,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Kindred Group plc', 'Notice', 'original signed proxy forms', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'actual market price', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'share buy-back program', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'two person(s', 'Kindred Group plc', 'other EGM papers', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'GBP 0.000625 Ordinary Shares/SDRs', 'minimum price', 'maximum price', 'Companies Act', 'voting right', 'custodian bank', 'supporting documentation', 'voting procedure', 'support purposes', 'voting list', 'inter alia', 'minimum consideration', 'multiple occasions', 'extraordinary resolution', 'Monday 8 May', 'Tuesday 9 May', 'Resolution A', 'Resolution B', 'SDR holder', 'following business', 'following resolutions', 'Record Date', 'regular mail', 'maximum number', 'convening notice', 'share capital', 'Such holders', ""Directors' meeting"", '17 May', 'VALLETTA', 'Malta', 'April', 'Company', 'terms', 'article', 'Cap.', 'Laws', '10:00am', 'office', 'Regeringsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'register', 'CEST', 'intention', 'link', 'euroclearproxy', 'BankID', 'behalf', 'someone', 'post', 'courier', 'Box', 'Requirement', 'holding', 'name', 'nominee', 'brokerage', 'votes', 'authority', 'Power', 'Attorney', 'Story', 'full', 'agenda', 'shareholders', 'website', 'event', 'assistance', 'questions', 'generalmeetingservice', 'telephone', 'channels', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Board', '8 March', 'buyback', 'added', 'value', 'subscription', 'authorisation', 'conditions', 'acquisitions', 'duration', 'period', 'purchases', '1 SEK', 'tax', '300 SEK', 'place', 'completion', 'means', 'cancellation', '101']",2023-04-25,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23538,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/european-markets-close-lower-as-bank-mining-stocks-fall-1032259510,European Markets Close Lower As Bank  Mining Stocks Fall,European stocks closed broadly lower on Tuesday as investors focused on earnings and looked ahead earnings updates from major U.S.,(RTTNews) - European stocks closed broadly lower on Tuesday as investors focused on earnings and looked ahead earnings updates from major U.S. tech firm  and more economic data.Meanwhile  banking jitters returned to the fore after U.S. lender First Republic Bank said its deposits tumbled more than $100 billion last quarter and that it was exploring options such as restructuring its balance sheet.Bank and mining stocks were among the notable losers.The pan European Stoxx 600 ended 0.4% down. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 drifted down 0.27% and France's CAC 40 lost 0.56%. Germany's DAX edged up 0.05% and Switzerland's SMI gained 0.4%.Among other markets in Europe  Austria  Belgium  Czech Republic  Denmark  Finland  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Russia  Spain  Sweden and Turkiye closed with sharp to moderate losses.Iceland ended higher  while Ireland and Portugal closed flat.In the UK market  Associated British Foods lost more than 4% after reporting a 3% drop in first-hafl profit. Glencore  Anglo American Plc  Dowlais Group and Rio Tinto ended lower by 3 to 4%.Centrica  Antofagasta  Natwest Group  B&M European Value Retail  Barclays  Scottish Mortgage  Shell  Lloyds Banking Group and Next lost 1 to 2.7%.Standard Chartered declined sharply after its CEO Bill Winters warned that the banking sector may face fresh issues.Whitbread rallied 4.25%. Imperial Brands gained a little over 2%  and Entain advanced nearly 2%. Vodafone Group  GSK  British American Tobacco and St. James Place gained 1.5 to 1.8%.In the German market  Deutsche Bank lost nearly 4%. Sartorius  Commerzbank  Deutsche Post  Merck  Zalando  Henkel and Siemens Healthineers ended lower by 2 to 3%.Covestro  Fresenius  MTU Aero Engines  Brenntag and Continental also ended notably lower.Daimler Truck Holding gained nearly 3% after reporting Q1 preliminary results above expectations. SAP ended higher by 2.3%. Deutsche Boerse gained about 1.8%  while Siemens and RWE both ended higher by about 1.2%.In Paris  Societe Generale lost more than 3%. BNP Paribas  Vivendi  Airbus Group  Michelin  Vinci  Credit Agricole  Bouygues  LVMH  Publicis Groupe  ArcelorMittal and Veloia drifted down 1 to 2.3%.Sanofi  Schneider Electric and Legrand gained 1.3 to 1.8%. Alstom rallied more than 2% after it won a contract valued at around 900 million euros ($994.9 million) to supply trams to Quebec City  Canada.In the Swiss market  UBS Group shares drifted down more than 2%. The banking major reported sharply lower profit in its first quarter due to increased U.S. litigation provision and weak revenues.Shares of drug maker Novartis climbed more than 4% after raising its full-year earnings outlook. Engineering firm ABB rallied 3.5% after raising its full-year guidance for sales and profit.On the economic front  the UK budget deficit widened sharply to the second highest level for the month of March taking the overall borrowing for the financial year ending March 2023 to the fourth biggest on record  official data revealed Tuesday.Excluding banks  public sector net borrowing increased by GBP 16.3 billion from the previous year to GBP 21.5 billion in March  the Office for National Statistics reported. This was the second highest March borrowing since monthly records began in 1993.In the financial year ending March  the budget registered a shortfall of GBP 139.2 billion  which was equivalent to 5.5 percent of gross domestic product.Switzerland's trade surplus increased to CHF 8.28 billion in the first quarter from CHF 6.39 billion in the fourth quarter of the previous year  due to the rebound in exports  data from the Federal Customs Administration showed.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['European Markets', 'Mining Stocks', 'Lower', 'Bank', 'U.S. lender First Republic Bank', 'B&M European Value Retail', 'major U.S. tech firm', 'U.S. litigation provision', 'The pan European Stoxx', 'public sector net borrowing', 'second highest March borrowing', 'The U.K.', 'second highest level', 'Associated British Foods', 'Anglo American Plc', 'British American Tobacco', 'St. James Place', 'MTU Aero Engines', 'Daimler Truck Holding', 'Q1 preliminary results', 'gross domestic product', 'Federal Customs Administration', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'full-year earnings outlook', 'UK budget deficit', 'UBS Group shares', 'Czech Republic', 'banking major', 'European stocks', 'Engineering firm', 'first quarter', 'overall borrowing', 'banking sector', 'Deutsche Bank', 'UK market', 'full-year guidance', 'Dowlais Group', 'Natwest Group', 'Vodafone Group', 'Airbus Group', 'banking jitters', 'earnings updates', 'balance sheet', 'mining stocks', 'notable losers', 'other markets', 'sharp to', 'moderate losses', 'Rio Tinto', 'Scottish Mortgage', 'Standard Chartered', 'Bill Winters', 'fresh issues', 'Imperial Brands', 'German market', 'Deutsche Post', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Societe Generale', 'BNP Paribas', 'Credit Agricole', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Schneider Electric', 'Quebec City', 'Swiss market', 'weak revenues', 'drug maker', 'economic front', 'financial year', 'previous year', 'National Statistics', 'monthly records', 'trade surplus', 'fourth quarter', 'economic data', 'first-hafl profit', 'lower profit', 'official data', 'Siemens Healthineers', 'RTTNews', 'Tuesday', 'investors', 'fore', 'deposits', 'options', 'FTSE 100', 'France', 'CAC', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'Switzerland', 'SMI', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Russia', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Turkiye', 'Iceland', 'Ireland', 'Portugal', '3% drop', 'Glencore', 'Centrica', 'Antofagasta', 'Barclays', 'Shell', 'Next', 'CEO', 'Whitbread', 'Entain', 'GSK', 'Sartorius', 'Commerzbank', 'Merck', 'Zalando', 'Henkel', 'Covestro', 'Fresenius', 'Brenntag', 'Continental', 'expectations', 'SAP', 'RWE', 'Paris', 'Vivendi', 'Michelin', 'Vinci', 'Bouygues', 'LVMH', 'ArcelorMittal', 'Veloia', 'Sanofi', 'Legrand', 'Alstom', 'contract', '900 million', 'trams', 'Canada', 'Novartis', 'ABB', 'sales', 'banks', 'Office', 'shortfall', 'GBP', '5.5 percent', 'CHF', 'rebound', 'exports']",2023-04-25,2023-04-25,markets.businessinsider.com
23539,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/germany-stocks-mixed-at-close-of-trade-dax-up-005percent/ar-AA1akq1l,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.05%,Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Tuesday  as gains in the Software  Food & Beverages and Financial Services sectors led shares higher while losses in the Construction  Transportation & Logistics and Pharmaceuticals,© Reuters Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.05%Investing.com – Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Tuesday  as gains in the Software  Food&Beverages and Financial Services sectors led shares higher while losses in the Construction  Transportation&Logistics and Pharmaceuticals&Healthcare sectors led shares lower.At the close in Frankfurt  the DAX rose 0.05%  while the MDAX index fell 0.66%  and the TecDAX index lost 0.79%.The best performers of the session on the DAX were Daimler Truck Holding AG (ETR:DTGGe)  which rose 2.90% or 0.87 points to trade at 30.83 at the close. Meanwhile  SAP SE (ETR:SAPG) added 2.25% or 2.70 points to end at 122.58 and Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR:DB1Gn) was up 1.83% or 3.35 points to 186.30 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N. (ETR:DBKGn)  which fell 3.83% or 0.38 points to trade at 9.52 at the close. Sartorius AG VZO O.N. (ETR:SATG_p) declined 2.99% or 10.80 points to end at 349.90 and Commerzbank AG O.N. (ETR:CBKG) was down 2.87% or 0.31 points to 10.34.The top performers on the MDAX were Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO (ETR:JUNG_p) which rose 12.46% to 34.30  TeamViewer AG (ETR:TMV) which was up 3.02% to settle at 16.05 and Gerresheimer AG (ETR:GXIG) which gained 2.43% to close at 92.80.The worst performers were Evotec AG O.N. (ETR:EVTG) which was down 6.21% to 16.67 in late trade  Wacker Chemie O.N. (ETR:WCHG) which lost 4.35% to settle at 138.50 and K&S AG (ETR:SDFGn) which was down 3.80% to 17.95 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were TeamViewer AG (ETR:TMV) which rose 3.02% to 16.05  SAP SE (ETR:SAPG) which was up 2.25% to settle at 122.58 and Eckert&Ziegler AG O.N. (ETR:EUZG) which gained 1.13% to close at 46.60.The worst performers were Evotec AG O.N. (ETR:EVTG) which was down 6.21% to 16.67 in late trade  Morphosys AG O.N. (ETR:MORG) which lost 3.00% to settle at 19.08 and Sartorius AG VZO O.N. (ETR:SATG_p) which was down 2.99% to 349.90 at the close.Falling stocks outnumbered advancing ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 429 to 229 and 94 ended unchanged.Shares in SAP SE (ETR:SAPG) rose to 52-week highs; up 2.25% or 2.70 to 122.58. Shares in Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR:DB1Gn) rose to all time highs; gaining 1.83% or 3.35 to 186.30. Shares in K&S AG (ETR:SDFGn) fell to 52-week lows; down 3.80% or 0.71 to 17.95. Shares in SAP SE (ETR:SAPG) rose to 52-week highs; gaining 2.25% or 2.70 to 122.58.The DAX volatility index  which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was up 2.17% to 17.43.Gold Futures for June delivery was up 0.10% or 1.95 to $2 001.75 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in June fell 2.41% or 1.90 to hit $76.86 a barrel  while the July Brent oil contract fell 2.51% or 2.07 to trade at $80.47 a barrel.EUR/USD was down 0.67% to 1.10  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.06% to 0.88.The US Dollar Index Futures was up 0.57% at 101.65.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.08,0.76,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N.', 'Sartorius AG VZO O.N.', 'Eckert&Ziegler AG O.N.', 'Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Wacker Chemie O.N.', 'Commerzbank AG O.N.', 'Evotec AG O.N.', 'Morphosys AG O.N.', 'Daimler Truck Holding AG', 'July Brent oil contract', 'The DAX volatility index', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'K&S AG', 'Financial Services sectors', 'Pharmaceuticals&Healthcare sectors', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Reuters Germany stocks', 'TeamViewer AG', 'Gerresheimer AG', 'Gold Futures', 'Crude oil', 'MDAX index', 'TecDAX index', 'Falling stocks', 'Investing.com', 'Food&Beverages', 'Transportation&Logistics', 'best performers', 'SAP SE', 'worst performers', 'top performers', '52-week highs', 'time highs', '52-week lows', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'DAX options', 'late trade', 'ETR:DBKGn', 'ETR:MORG', 'ETR:SDFGn', 'June delivery', 'close', 'Tuesday', 'gains', 'Software', 'shares', 'losses', 'Construction', 'session', 'DTGGe', 'SAPG', '2.70 points', 'DB1Gn', 'SATG_p', 'CBKG', 'JUNG_p', 'TMV', 'GXIG', 'EVTG', 'EUZG', 'implied', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '0.', '3.35']",2023-04-25,2023-04-25,msn.com
23540,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pcas-net-sales-march-31-160000813.html,Pcas: NET SALES AS OF MARCH 31  2023,Ecully  April 24  2023 NET SALES AS OF MARCH 31  2023 PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life...,PCASEcully  April 24  2023NET SALES AS OF MARCH 31  2023PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of March 31  2023.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €66.2 million as of March 31  2023  a 29.4% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+28.3% at a constant exchange rate).In millions of euros 2023 2022 % change 2023 At a constant exchange rate % change Sales as of 31 March 66.2 51.2 29.4% 65.7 28.3% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 43.5 31.3 39.0% 43.4 38.5% Fine Specialty Chemicals 22.7 19.9 14.2% 22.3 12.1%in millions of euros France Other areas Total Net Sales by origin March 31  2023 49.8 16.4 66.2 March 31  2022 39.0 12.2 51.2Pharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €43.5 million  a 39.0% increase compared to 2022 (a 38.5% increase at a constant exchange rate). Rising net sales can be attributed primarily to a higher demand in R&D and in most production sites as well as the price increase policy initiated in 2022 to cope with the rising costs of raw materials  energy and supplies.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €22.7 million  a 14.2% increase compared to 2022 (a 12.1% increase at a constant exchange rate). Business levels are still high in the first months of the year  with a very strong demand for Electronics and Fine Chemicals. A slight slowdown can be observed in the Lubricants business. The industrialization of new products is still at a good level across all sites.OutlookIn the context of the ongoing dispute with Mithra  PCAS continues to study a temporary reduction in activity in 2023 on the production site where certain workshops are dedicated to the production of Estetrol. At this stage  it is still not possible to precisely assess the consequences of this dispute on future business and results.Story continuesAs stated in the press release of March 30  2023  as a consequence  the return to positive results announced for 2023 is delayed.PCAS Group will continue to benefit from the support of its majority shareholder Seqens (owning 76.66%) for the financing of its activities and its development.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:Net Sales as of June 30 2023 - July 27  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 11% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1200 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.22,0.37,True,English,"['Pcas', 'SALES', 'MARCH', 'market-leading major global groups', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'previous financial year', 'The PCAS Group', 'consolidated net sales', 'Total Net Sales', 'price increase policy', 'Rising net sales', 'most production sites', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'rising costs', 'Business levels', 'Lubricants business', 'future business', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'Other areas', 'higher demand', 'R&D', 'raw materials', 'first months', 'strong demand', 'slight slowdown', 'new products', 'good level', 'temporary reduction', 'press release', 'majority shareholder', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'proprietary products', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'investor relation', 'PCAS NewCap', 'ongoing dispute', 'positive results', 'ABOUT PCAS', '29.4% increase', '39.0% increase', '38.5% increase', '14.2% increase', '12.1% increase', 'Ecully', 'April', 'MARCH', 'specialist', 'publication', 'millions', 'euros', 'France', 'origin', 'energy', 'supplies', 'Electronics', 'industrialization', 'Outlook', 'context', 'Mithra', 'activity', 'workshops', 'Estetrol', 'stage', 'consequences', 'Story', 'return', 'support', 'Seqens', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'June', 'July', 'company', 'solutions', '1200 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23541,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnova-n-v-reaction-casino-161400805.html,Cnova N.V. - Reaction to Casino Group's Press Release,CNOVA N.V. – Reaction to Casino Group’s Press Release Amsterdam – April 24  2023  18:15 CEST – Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” ...,CNOVA N.V. – Reaction to Casino Group’s Press ReleaseAmsterdam – April 24  2023  18:15 CEST – Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) and its Board of Directors took note of the press release issued on the date hereof by its controlling shareholder  Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. ( “Casino”)  in which it is mentioned that Casino is launching the: “solicitation of consents from certain creditors and bondholders of the Casino Group regarding the possibility of initiating conciliation proceedings to guide upcoming discussions with creditors in connection with EP Global Commerce a.s.’ proposal on the one hand and the continuation of the Project TERACT on the other hand”1.As part of the solicitation of consents launched by Casino  Cdiscount  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company  will seek the consent from the lenders in respect of the State Guaranteed Loan (Prêt Garanti par l’Etat) entered into on July 30  2020.The Company confirms that no decision to request the appointment of conciliators for itself and/or any of its subsidiaries  including Cdiscount  has been taken at this stage and that it remains in full compliance with its financial commitments. The Company will continue to monitor developments concerning Casino.1: https://www.groupe-casino.fr/en/announcements/ - “Solicitation of consents from certain creditors and bondholders of the Casino Group regarding the possibility of initiating conciliation proceedings to guide upcoming discussions with creditors in connection with EP Global Commerce a.s.’ proposal on the one hand and the continuation of the Project TERACT on the other hand”***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 8.1 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.Story continuesThis press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94 Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel: +33 6 17 76 79 71Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.35,0.25,0.4,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', 'Casino Group', 'Press Release', 'Reaction', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'EP Global Commerce', 'Prêt Garanti', '8.1 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'CNOVA N.V.', 'French ecommerce leader', 'innovative payment solutions', 'domestic energy services', 'State Guaranteed Loan', 'financial commitments', 'Media contact', 'Service solutions', 'advertising services', 'French law', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'controlling shareholder', 'conciliation proceedings', 'upcoming discussions', 'one hand', 'Project TERACT', 'other hand', 'full compliance', 'art website', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'B2B clients', 'news releases', 'financieel toezicht', 'Casino Group', 'Groupe Casino', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'The Company', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'Reaction', 'Amsterdam', 'April', 'CEST', 'CNV', 'Board', 'Directors', 'note', 'date', 'solicitation', 'consents', 'creditors', 'bondholders', 'possibility', 'connection', 'proposal', 'continuation', 'part', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'lenders', 'respect', 'Etat', 'July', 'decision', 'appointment', 'conciliators', 'subsidiaries', 'stage', 'developments', 'groupe-casino', 'announcements', 'product', 'goods', 'fast', 'practical', 'entertainment', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-logistics', 'sites', 'Story', 'informatie', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'Tel', 'directiondelacommunication', 'solis', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23542,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-receives-transparency-notifications-atlas-180000492.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Regulated Information Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – April 24  2023 – 8.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company...,"Oxurion NVRegulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – April 24  2023 – 8.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received transparency notifications as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on April 14  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of March 23  2023  it held 11 055 598 shares of the then outstanding 603 716 557 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.Oxurion received a transparency notification on April 19  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of March 30  2023  it held 7 055 741 shares of the then outstanding 632 659 186 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of sale of voting securities. See Annex 2.Oxurion received a transparency notification on April 14  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of April 12  2023  it held 15 407 185 shares of the then outstanding 659 387 625 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of sale of voting securities. See Annex 3.In addition  on April 14  2021  Oxurion announced the receipt on April 12  2023  of a transparency notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of April 11  2023  Atlas held 26 728 439 shares of the then outstanding 632 659 186 shares and therefore had crossed above the threshold (3%) by virtue of the acquisition of voting securities. The correct transaction date for this notice was however April 5  2023. See Annex 4.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Story continuesImportant information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2ANNEX 3ANNEX 4Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.22,0.39,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notifications', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Oxurion NV Regulated Information Leuven', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'correct transaction date', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'new information', 'voting securities', 'Conway Communications', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'transparency notifications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'outstanding 603,716,557 shares', 'outstanding 632,659,186 shares', 'ANNEX 4 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '11,055,598 shares', '7,055,741 shares', '15,407,185 shares', '659,387,625 shares', '26,728,439 shares', 'ANNEX 1', 'ANNEX 2', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'April', 'March', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'sale', 'receipt', 'acquisition', 'notice', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Story', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '8.00']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23543,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sud-vannier-wind-farm-produces-170000037.html,Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours,Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies...,VoltaliaSud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hoursVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  reinforces its local presence in the Grand-Est region in France and announces the commissioning of Sud Vannier wind farm.With a capacity of 23.6 megawatts  Sud Vannier project is Voltalia’s first wind farm in the Grand-Est region and the third wind farm in the North-East quarter of France after Sarry (23.1 megawatts) and Molinons (10 megawatts) wind farms.The electricity produced will be sold to Leroy Merlin under a 23-year contract  the first Corporate PPA1 wind farm in France.The production of this project is equivalent to the domestic consumption of about 26 000 people  approximately 15% of the population of the Haute-Marne department.The Grand-Est region has important objectives in terms of renewable energy supply: to be energy positive and low carbon by 2050.Next on the agenda: Turnover Q1 2023  on April 26  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 14.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance. As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 550 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed in compartment A of the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA). The company is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index of responsible mid-caps. Loan Duong  Directrice Communications & Relations investisseursEmail : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement  a long-term contract for the supply of renewable electricity that directly links the producer  a power plant  to the final consumer of the electricity  a company.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Sud Vannier wind farm', 'first kilowatt hours', 'first Corporate PPA1 wind farm', '1 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement', 'Sud Vannier wind farm', 'first kilowatt hours Voltalia', 'first wind farm', 'third wind farm', 'Sud Vannier project', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'Euronext regulated market', 'renewable energy projects', 'The Grand-Est region', 'renewable energy supply', 'corporate market', 'wind farms', 'power plant', 'renewable energies', 'The Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'local presence', 'North-East quarter', 'Leroy Merlin', '23-year contract', 'domestic consumption', 'Haute-Marne department', 'important objectives', 'low carbon', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'compartment A', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible mid-caps', 'Loan Duong', 'Directrice Communications', 'Relations investisseurs', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'long-term contract', 'final consumer', 'renewable electricity', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'investor clients', 'local production', 'green electricity', 'France', 'commissioning', '23.6 megawatts', 'Sarry', 'Molinons', '26,000 people', 'population', 'terms', 'agenda', 'Turnover', 'April', 'operation', 'construction', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '14.2 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'Email', 'T.', 'producer', 'Story', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23544,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-drone-availability-2022-annual-160000476.html,DELTA DRONE : Availability of the 2022 annual financial contribution,DELTA DRONE Availability of the 2022 annual financial contribution Dardilly  24 April 2023 at 6 p.m. Delta Drone announces that it has made available to the ...,"DELTA DRONEDELTA DRONEAvailability of the 2022 annual financial contributionDardilly  24 April 2023 at 6 p.m.Delta Drone announces that it has made available to the public and filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers its annual financial report as of December 31  2022.The 2022 annual financial report can be consulted on the website of the company DELTA DRONE under the heading ""Financial Reports"" at the following address:https://www.deltadrone.com/finance/About Delta Drone : The Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the sector of civil drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris – ISIN code: FR0014009LP0www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts:AELIUM Jerome Gacoin +33 1 75 77 54 65 jgacoin@aelium.frAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['2022 annual financial contribution', 'DELTA DRONE', 'Availability', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'The Delta Drone Group', 'complete value chain', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'AELIUM Jerome Gacoin', '2022 annual financial contribution', 'annual financial report', 'Delta Drone shares', 'Financial Reports', 'drone technology', 'following address', 'international player', 'civil drones', 'professional use', 'professional solutions', 'associated services', 'ISIN code', 'Investor contacts', 'Availability', 'Dardilly', '24 April', 'public', 'December', 'website', 'company', 'heading', 'deltadrone', 'sector', 'range', 'Attachment', '6']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23545,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nicox-2023-ordinary-shareholder-meeting-053000954.html,Nicox: 2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting to be held on June 1st  2023,Press ReleaseNicox: 2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting to be held on June 1st  2023April 24  2023 – release at 7:30 am CET Sophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA...,April 24  2023 – release at 7:30 am CET Sophia Antipolis  France Nicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  convenes an ordinary shareholder meeting on Thursday June 1  202 3 at 2:00 pm CEST in the offices of BuroClub - Drakkar 2 - Bâtiment D - 2405 route des Dolines - 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis - France. The documents mentioned in articles R.22.10-23 of the French Code de commerce  including a proxy voting form  will be sent to the shareholders upon written request. These documents will also be made available to shareholders at the headquarters of the Company and on its website ( www.nicox.com ) by May 11  2023. Shareholders may vote by proxy  by internet or by attending the shareholder meeting in person. A guide explaining how to vote  and notably how to vote by internet  is available on the Company’s website. Shareholders may also contact the Company’s Investor Relations team at ag2023nicox@nicox.com for any question on the voting process. In the event the quorum is not reached on first call  Nicox will convene an ordinary shareholder meeting on a second call on Thursday June 15  2023 at 2:00 pm CEST in the offices of BuroClub - Drakkar 2 - Bâtiment D - 2405 route des Dolines - 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis – FranceNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728  a nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor  in retinal conditions. NCX 4251  a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease  is being developed by Ocumension Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA ® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE ® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals  LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co.  Ltd.)  in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets. Nicox is headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment C: Mid Caps; Ticker symbol: COX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare index. For more information on Nicox  its products or pipeline  please visit: www.nicox.com .,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'Nicox', 'June', 'French Code de commerce', 'novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost', 'nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor', 'novel, patented, ophthalmic suspension', 'Bâtiment D', '2405 route des Dolines', 'Investor Relations team', 'fluticasone propionate nanocrystals', 'dry eye disease', 'exclusive license agreement', 'Santen Pharmaceutical Co.', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CAC Healthcare index', 'CET Sophia Antipolis', '06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis', 'topical ocular application', 'ordinary shareholder meeting', 'international ophthalmology company', 'proxy voting form', 'France Nicox SA', 'voting process', 'ocular health', 'ocular hypertension', 'Euronext Paris', 'first call', 'second call', 'innovative solutions', 'lead program', 'clinical development', 'intraocular pressure', 'retinal conditions', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'multiple geographies', 'Eyevance Pharmaceuticals', 'U.S.', 'Compartment C', 'Mid Caps', 'Ticker symbol', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'April', 'release', 'Thursday', 'June', 'offices', 'BuroClub', 'Drakkar', 'documents', 'articles', 'shareholders', 'written', 'request', 'headquarters', 'website', 'May', 'internet', 'person', 'guide', 'ag2023nicox', 'question', 'event', 'quorum', 'vision', 'NCX', 'patients', 'research', 'China', 'revenue', 'VYZULTA', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'ZERVIATE', 'subsidiary', 'Chinese', 'majority', 'information', 'products', 'pipeline', '7:30', '2:00']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23546,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/tarkett-combined-shareholders-meeting-april-082500409.html,Tarkett - Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023,Paris (France)  April 24  2023 – Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023 The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett was held on Friday April 21  ...,"TarkettParis (France)  April 24  2023 – Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett was held on Friday April 21  2023 at 9h30 a.m. at the Auditorium located in the ground floor of the Company’s registered address (Tour Initiale – 1  Terrasse Bellini – 92919 Paris la Défense)  chaired by Eric La Bonnardière  Chairman of the Supervisory Board.Quorum was established at 95.27% and 39 shareholders were present  represented or voted by correspondence.All resolutions were adopted by the Shareholders’ Meeting  notably:The approval of the Company’s and consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2022 as well as the allocation of the Company’s result to the “Retained Earnings” account;The renewal of the mandates as members of the Supervisory Board of Didier Michaud-Daniel and Françoise Leroy as well as the ratification of the appointments by cooptation as members of the Supervisory Board of Marine Charles et Tina Mayn;The approval of all resolutions related to the remuneration of the Company’s corporate officers;The financial delegations granted to the Management Board.The detailed results of the votes are available on the Company's website www.tarkett-group.com in the ""General Shareholders’ Meeting 2023"" section.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ‘The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comStory continuesAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Tarkett', 'April', 'Eric La Bonnardière', 'Paris la Défense', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Retained Earnings” account', 'Françoise Leroy', 'Investor Relations Contact', '25 R&D centers', 'Euronext regulated market', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', 'The Way', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'The Group', '9h30 a', 'ground floor', 'registered address', 'Tour Initiale', 'Terrasse Bellini', 'Supervisory Board', 'financial statements', 'Didier Michaud-Daniel', 'Marine Charles', 'Tina Mayn', 'corporate officers', 'financial delegations', 'Management Board', 'detailed results', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', '39 shareholders', 'France', 'April', 'Friday', 'Auditorium', 'Company', 'Chairman', 'Quorum', 'correspondence', 'resolutions', 'approval', 'Fiscal 2022', 'allocation', 'renewal', 'mandates', 'members', 'ratification', 'appointments', 'cooptation', 'remuneration', 'votes', 'website', 'tarkett-group', 'section', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,uk.finance.yahoo.com
23547,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/syngenta-biotalys-enter-strategic-partnership-050000593.html,Syngenta and Biotalys enter into strategic partnership in biologicals innovation to advance solutions for sustainable agriculture,Syngenta to leverage Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology platform to expand insecticide biocontrol pipelineBasel  Switzerland / Ghent  Belgium  April 24  2023...,"Biotalys NVSyngenta to leverage Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology platform to expand insecticide biocontrol pipelineBasel  Switzerland / Ghent  Belgium  April 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – Inside informationSyngenta Crop Protection and Biotalys (Euronext – BTLS) today announced a collaboration to research  develop and commercialize new biocontrol solutions to manage key pests in a broad variety of crops. The new solution will be based on Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology and will offer a new mode of action to broaden farmers’ access to novel technologies that counter the threat of pest resistance and advance sustainable agriculture.Under the terms of this partnership  Syngenta will collaborate on a research program with Biotalys  an agricultural technology company focused on protein-based biocontrol solutions  to leverage its AGROBODY™ technology platform for Syngenta’s specific insect targets.“Syngenta is a leader in bringing farmers cutting edge technologies that improve the sustainability of agriculture  and we are excited to work closely with Biotalys as part of our agricultural innovation ecosystem ” said Camilla Corsi  Head of Crop Protection Research at Syngenta Crop Protection. “By combining our proven research and development capabilities with the breakthrough protein-based innovations of the Biotalys AGROBODY™ platform  we are determined to play a pivotal role in addressing critical farmer needs around the globe.”With resistance development and increasing regulatory and environmental pressures  growers are eager to explore innovative and effective biological solutions that limit the impact on the environment and biodiversity. Biotalys has demonstrated the potential of its protein-based biocontrols to deliver novel modes of actions for effective and safe application in food and agriculture. This new partnership allows Biotalys to accelerate the development and global commercialization of innovative crop protection solutions and cement its biocontrol innovation leadership by leveraging the expansive network and capabilities of a global agriculture business.Story continues“We are proud and excited to be working with Syngenta  a world-leading agricultural company  on one of the most pressing industry challenges – the development of innovative and effective pest control solutions – by delivering on the promise of our AGROBODY™ technology ” said Patrice Sellès  Chief Executive Officer at Biotalys. “Collaborating with Syngenta is a major milestone in our continued mission to providing growers around the globe with safe  efficient  and more sustainable agricultural solutions.”No further terms or financial specifics are being disclosed.About Syngenta Crop ProtectionSyngenta Crop Protection is a leader in agricultural innovation  bringing breakthrough technologies and solutions that enable farmers to grow productively and sustainably. We offer a leading portfolio of crop protection solutions for plant and soil health  as well as digital solutions that transform the decision-making capabilities of farmers. Our 17 900 employees serve to advance agriculture in more than 90 countries around the world. Syngenta Crop Protection is headquartered in Basel  Switzerland  and is part of the Syngenta Group. Follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/Syngenta  www.twitter.com/SyngentaUS and on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/syngenta.For further information  please contact:Michelle NgHead  External Communicationsmichelle.ng@syngenta.comCautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements SyngentaThis document may contain forward-looking statements  which can be identified by terminology such as ‘expect’  ‘would’  ‘will’  ‘potential’  ‘plans’  ‘prospects’  ‘estimated’  ‘aiming’  ‘on track’ and similar expressions. Such statements may be subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from these statements. For Syngenta  such risks and uncertainties include risks relating to legal proceedings  regulatory approvals  new product development  increasing competition  customer credit risk  general economic and market conditions  compliance and remediation  intellectual property rights  implementation of organizational changes  impairment of intangible assets  consumer perceptions of genetically modified crops and organisms or crop protection chemicals  climatic variations  fluctuations in exchange rates and/or commodity prices  single source supply arrangements  political uncertainty  natural disasters  and breaches of data security or other disruptions of information technology. Syngenta assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results  changed assumptions or other factors.©2023 Syngenta. Rosentalstrasse 67  4058 Basel  Switzerland.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant Notice BiotalysThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.23,0.38,True,English,"['strategic partnership', 'biologicals innovation', 'sustainable agriculture', 'Syngenta', 'Biotalys', 'solutions', 'single source supply arrangements', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'effective pest control solutions', 'innovative crop protection solutions', 'Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'crop protection chemicals', 'insecticide biocontrol pipeline', 'specific insect targets', 'critical farmer needs', 'pressing industry challenges', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'customer credit risk', 'intellectual property rights', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'biocontrol innovation leadership', 'effective biological solutions', 'new biocontrol solutions', 'breakthrough protein-based innovations', 'cutting edge technologies', 'agricultural innovation ecosystem', 'world-leading agricultural company', 'Crop Protection Research', 'safer food supply', 'agricultural technology company', 'Syngenta Crop Protection', 'sustainable agricultural solutions', 'Biotalys AGROBODY™ platform', 'new product development', 'global agriculture business', 'Michelle Ng Head', 'pest resistance', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'digital solutions', 'breakthrough technologies', 'AgTech) company', 'global commercialization', 'new solution', 'new mode', 'Press release', 'key pests', 'broad variety', 'novel technologies', 'research program', 'Camilla Corsi', 'proven research', 'pivotal role', 'increasing regulatory', 'environmental pressures', 'safe application', 'expansive network', 'major milestone', 'financial specifics', 'leading portfolio', 'soil health', 'External Communications', 'Cautionary Statement', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'legal proceedings', 'regulatory approvals', 'increasing competition', 'general economic', 'market conditions', 'organizational changes', 'intangible assets', 'consumer perceptions', 'climatic variations', 'exchange rates', 'commodity prices', 'political uncertainty', 'natural disasters', 'data security', 'other disruptions', 'other factors', 'information technology', 'new partnership', 'resistance development', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Such statements', 'novel modes', 'decision-making capabilities', 'Syngenta Group', 'sustainable agriculture', 'Biotalys NV', 'development capabilities', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'farmers’ access', 'Basel', 'Switzerland', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Euronext', 'BTLS', 'collaboration', 'crops', 'action', 'threat', 'terms', 'sustainability', 'growers', 'impact', 'biodiversity', 'potential', 'Story', 'promise', 'continued', 'mission', 'plant', '17,900 employees', '90 countries', 'Twitter', 'SyngentaUS', 'LinkedIn', 'document', 'plans', 'prospects', 'track', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'compliance', 'remediation', 'implementation', 'impairment', 'organisms', 'fluctuations', 'breaches', 'obligation', 'assumptions', 'Rosentalstrasse', 'alternatives']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23548,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/brexit-blamed-surge-chief-execs-050000796.html,Brexit blamed for surge in chief execs leaving British companies,The number of UK chief executives quitting their jobs has more than doubled as bosses battle sluggish growth and a nightmare of EU red tape.,Ben van Beurden  former chief executive officer of Royal Dutch Shell - REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File PhotoThe number of UK chief executives quitting their jobs has more than doubled as bosses battle sluggish growth and a nightmare of EU red tape.In 2022  the number of chief executives who left their roles at FTSE 350 companies jumped by 111pc  far exceeding the 39pc increase among America’s S&P 500  according to Russell Reynolds Associates.The management consultancy’s research found that last year  38 chief executives quit as the heads of Britain’s largest listed companies.This was up from just 18 in 2021.Several bosses of high-profile UK companies departed last year  with the likes of Shell’s chief executive Ben van Beurden and Reckitt Benckiser’s Laxman Narasimhan stepping aside.Luke Meynell  managing director of RRA  said: “UK companies have experienced a turbulent few years  with the economy recovering more slowly from the pandemic than others in the G7 and the nation having faced additional challenges from supply chain issues created by Brexit.”He added: “This greater level of change and instability may have combined to result in higher CEO turnover  which may have been more pronounced among mid cap UK firms due to greater exposure to the UK market.”The largest increase was amongst FTSE 250 companies  where departures jumped from 10 to 25. Amongst FTSE 100 companies  the number of quitting chief executives increased from eight to 13.The numbers are still rising. In the first three months of 2023  eight FTSE 350 chief executives quit  up from seven in the first quarter of last year and just four at the start of 2021.Laxman Narasimha - AP Photo/Stephen BrashearHigh turnover at UK companies helped to drive up global departures by 31.5pc to a five-year high of 175.Quitting FTSE 350 chief executives made up more than a fifth (22pc) of all chief executive turnover in 2022. Departures among Australia’s largest firms also increased by 13pc over the same period.By contrast  the number of chief executives quitting roles in the Euronext 100 fell by 50pc year-on-year  while those leaving Nikkei 224 companies fell by 8pc.Story continuesGlobally  the healthcare and pharmaceuticals sector saw the largest turnover of chief executives as businesses reacted to post-pandemic supply chain pressures.Many bosses had also stayed in roles longer than anticipated because of Covid  as the issues it caused – such as higher inflation  pricing regulation and skill shortages – required stability at the top to navigate.“This bottleneck is now broken wide open  and a number of CEOs are stepping down  following three years of chronic burnout ” RRA said.,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,mixed,0.09,0.12,0.79,True,English,"['chief execs', 'British companies', 'Brexit', 'surge', 'post-pandemic supply chain pressures', 'mid cap UK firms', 'former chief executive officer', 'eight FTSE 350 chief executives', 'Ben van Beurden', 'EU red tape', 'Russell Reynolds Associates', 'supply chain issues', 'a fifth (22pc', 'REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo', 'chief executive turnover', 'Royal Dutch Shell', 'higher CEO turnover', 'first three months', 'high-profile UK companies', 'UK chief executives', 'largest listed companies', 'largest firms', '38 chief executives', 'FTSE 350 companies', 'FTSE 250 companies', 'FTSE 100 companies', 'largest turnover', 'UK market', 'first quarter', 'AP Photo', 'High turnover', 'higher inflation', 'largest increase', 'Nikkei 224 companies', 'sluggish growth', '39pc increase', 'S&P 500', 'management consultancy', 'Reckitt Benckiser', 'Laxman Narasimhan', 'Luke Meynell', 'managing director', 'additional challenges', 'greater level', 'greater exposure', 'Stephen Brashear', 'same period', 'pharmaceuticals sector', 'pricing regulation', 'skill shortages', 'three years', 'chronic burnout', 'Several bosses', 'Many bosses', 'last year', 'global departures', 'number', 'jobs', 'nightmare', 'roles', '111pc', 'America', 'research', 'heads', 'Britain', 'likes', 'RRA', 'turbulent', 'economy', 'others', 'G7', 'nation', 'Brexit', 'change', 'instability', 'start', 'five-year', 'Australia', 'contrast', 'Euronext', 'Story', 'healthcare', 'businesses', 'Covid', 'top', 'bottleneck', 'CEOs']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23549,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ipsen-appoints-sandra-silvestri-evp-060000108.html,Ipsen appoints Sandra Silvestri as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient Affairs,Ipsen appoints Sandra Silvestri as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient Affairs PARIS  FRANCE  24 April ...,Ipsen PharmaIpsen appoints Sandra Silvestri as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient AffairsPARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  announced today the appointment of Sandra Silvestri  M.D.  Ph.D.  as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient Affairs  effective 5 May 2023. She will serve on the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) and report directly to Ipsen’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO)  David Loew.“Along with the ELT  I am very pleased to welcome Sandra to Ipsen. Her deep experience in every aspect of Medical will be critical as we continue to broaden our pipeline while delivering our specialty medicines to even more people around the world ” said David Loew  CEO  Ipsen.Sandra brings years of extensive medical experience in the global biopharmaceutical industry and joins Ipsen after spending eight years at Sanofi. Since 2020  she has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of the General Medicines Global Business Unit  and Global Head of Medical Affairs Capabilities Centre of Excellence and Medical Hub  where she was responsible for worldwide medical affairs strategy and execution. She also represented Medical in the Company Executive Compliance Committee. Previously  for over a decade  Sandra held numerous national and international roles at Eli Lilly across R&D and Scientific Communications  and as Regional Medical Director  where she led strategic transformation projects.“I’m inspired by Ipsen’s ambitious innovation agenda and vision to serve physicians and patients in areas of high unmet need around the world ” said Sandra. “I am honored to join as Chief Medical Officer and I look forward to working with my new colleagues at Ipsen.”Sandra is a medical doctor who specialized in endocrinology and metabolic diseases. She holds a postdoctoral fellowship in emergency medicine  a Ph.D. in internal medicine and cardiovascular disease  and a Master’s degree in genetics and pharmacogenetics of bone mineral disorders. She speaks Italian  English  French.Story continuesSteven Hildemann  M.D.  Ph.D.  who served as Ipsen’s Chief Medical Officer for three years and successfully led a deep transformation of Global Medical Affairs and Patient Safety  will leave Ipsen to pursue other opportunities after handing over to Sandra.ENDSAbout IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 000 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:ContactsInvestors Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193Media Amy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy & Communications+41 79 576 07 23 Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.04,0.57,True,English,"['Chief Medical Officer', 'Global Medical Affairs', 'Patient Affairs', 'Sandra Silvestri', 'Patient Safety', 'Ipsen', 'EVP', 'Head', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'Investors Craig Marks Vice President', 'General Medicines Global Business Unit', 'Company Executive Compliance Committee', 'global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company', 'global, mid-sized biopharmaceutical company', 'Medical Affairs Capabilities Centre', 'worldwide medical affairs strategy', 'Senior Vice President', 'global biopharmaceutical industry', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Global Medical Affairs', 'ambitious innovation agenda', 'high unmet need', 'bone mineral disorders', 'differentiated technological platforms', 'Media Amy Wolf', 'Global Media Relations', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Regional Medical Director', 'Corporate Brand Strategy', 'strategic transformation projects', 'early development phase', 'extensive medical experience', 'reasonable macroeconomic conditions', 'potential future acquisitions', 'Patient Affairs', 'Medical Hub', 'medical doctor', 'external-innovation strategy', 'management strategy', 'Global Head', 'deep experience', 'specialty medicines', 'deep transformation', 'transformative medicines', 'development efforts', 'Investor Relations', 'Senior Manager', 'Patient Safety', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'David Loew', 'numerous national', 'international roles', 'Eli Lilly', 'R&D', 'metabolic diseases', 'postdoctoral fellowship', 'emergency medicine', 'internal medicine', 'cardiovascular disease', 'Steven Hildemann', 'other opportunities', 'Rare Disease', 'total sales', 'leading biotechnological', 'life-science hubs', 'U.K.', 'U.S.', 'Ioana Piscociu', 'looking statements', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'actual results', 'future ability', 'similar expressions', 'promising medicine', 'clinical trial', 'generic medicine', 'eight years', 'three years', 'Scientific Communications', 'new colleagues', 'future events', 'regulatory filings', 'historical data', 'competition reasons', 'unknown risks', 'financial targets', 'external-growth assumptions', 'commercial targets', 'Sandra Silvestri', 'Ipsen Pharma', '5,000 colleagues', 'Sandra.', 'EVP', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '24 April', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'appointment', 'ELT', 'CEO', 'aspect', 'pipeline', 'people', 'Sanofi', 'Excellence', 'execution', 'decade', 'vision', 'physicians', 'patients', 'areas', 'endocrinology', 'Master', 'degree', 'genetics', 'Italian', 'Story', 'ENDS', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'FY', '100 countries', 'research', 'innovative', 'heart', 'Oxford', 'Cambridge', 'Shanghai', 'China', 'information', 'Contacts', 'forward', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'Use', 'words', 'expects', 'expectations', 'determinations', 'document', 'account', 'parameters', 'facts', 'market', 'loss']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23550,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/google-edpr-partner-500-mw-120300295.html,Google and EDPR Partner on 500 MW AC Environmental Justice Program  Marking the Largest Corporate Backing of Distributed Solar in the United States,Google and EDPR announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MWAC.New York  New York...,Google and EDPR announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MWAC.New York  New York  April 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- New York  NY  April 24  2023- Google and EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC (EDPR NA DG)  the distributed generation (DG) business unit of EDP Renewables North America (EDPR NA)  are pleased to announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MW AC . The deal aligns with an environmental justice program benefiting over 25 000 families in low-to-moderate income (LMI) communities—with an initial focus on projects in the PJM Interconnection service area  which stretches from New Jersey to Ohio. The initial projects will be built in Ohio  where Google operates a data center campus in New Albany and Google Cloud region in Columbus.The unparalleled transaction with Google marks the largest corporate sponsorship of distributed solar development in the United States  according to data from S&P Global and BloombergNEF.The initiative  named the Clean Energy Financial Benefit Sharing Program  will be funded  in part  through Google’s purchase of a novel renewable energy credit (REC) called the ImpactREC™.The ImpactREC™  like other traditional RECs  is generated in and eligible for the applicable compliance market; however  its minting carries additional covenants certifying direct community investment and direct LMI benefit. The ImpactREC™ program synthetically provides similar economic benefits of community solar in jurisdictions currently lacking supportive legislation. The EDPR NA DG team  led by Christopher Rittenhouse and Adam Woda  collaborated with Google over the last two years to conceive and develop the ImpactREC™ product and its supporting framework agreement.“What we heard through interviews with local community leaders and Environmental Justice advocates was that the disproportionate impact of high energy burden remains a primary barrier to an equitable energy transition. Partnering with EDPR NA DG  we aim to reduce energy burden in the communities where we operate  while progressing toward our 24/7 carbon-free energy goal ” said Sana Ouji  Energy Lead  Google. “We are grateful to EDPR for their partnership  collaboration and steady focus on our shared mission  and excited to have the opportunity to contribute to our data center communities by extending the benefits of our clean energy investments.”Story continues“We’re proud to collaborate with Google on such an innovative and impactful program that speaks to our values ” added Gustavo Monteiro  EDPR NA DG Chief Executive Officer. “We are appreciative to Google for anchoring the ImpactREC™ and are looking forward to increasing participation throughout the compliance procurement community as our industry expands this product.”In addition to the ImpactREC™ purchase  the program includes the creation of a community impact fund valued at $12 million. The fund focuses on initiatives reducing energy poverty in the communities where the projects are built. Google and EDPR NA DG are committed to localized social and economic justice as part of the transition to a sustainable future.“The partnership with Google paves the way for the creation of a new  corporate-led  market segment focused on breaking down the typical barriers associated with the rapid  distributed  and equitable decarbonization of the energy system ” added Richard Dovere  Chief Investment Officer of EDPR NA DG. “A major feature of this partnership is its ‘open book’ approach. Over the coming weeks  we will release the blueprints to the market with the intention to make the ImpactREC™ the defining incentive methodology to enable localized renewable development linked with environmental justice.”The initiative is made possible partly because of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) passed in 2022  which includes landmark tax incentives for domestic energy production and manufacturing. The ImpactREC™ leverages these incentives to provide direct investment into communities throughout the Midwest and Northeast and enable economic benefits for LMI communities.ABOUT EDP RENEWABLES NORTH AMERICA DISTRIBUTED GENERATION:At EDPR NA Distributed Generation (EDPR NA DG)  accelerating the adoption and success of distributed generation is at the core of our mission. EDPR NA DG provides cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services to the entire North American region. Built on long-standing relationships with developers  power generators  corporate purchasers  municipalities  and local communities  EDPR NA DG delivers a full suite of offerings ranging from financing and development to construction and operation of energy and storage assets poised to scale. For more information  visit www.edprnadg.com.EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is a global leader in the renewable energy sector and the world’s fourth-largest renewable energy producer. With a sound development pipeline  first-class assets  and market-leading operating capacity  EDPR has undergone exceptional development in recent years and is present in 29 international markets across Europe  Latin America  North America  and Asia.ABOUT EDP RENEWABLES NORTH AMERICA:EDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  its affiliates  and its subsidiaries develop  construct  own  and operate wind farms and solar parks throughout North America. Headquartered in Houston  Texas  with 58 wind farms  nine solar parks  and eight regional offices across North America  EDPR NA has developed more than 8 800 megawatts (MW) and operates more than 8 200 MW of onshore utility-scale renewable energy projects. With more than 950 employees  EDPR NA’s highly qualified team has a proven capacity to execute projects across the continent. For more information  visit https://www.edpr.com/north-america/.EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is a global leader in the renewable energy sector and the world’s fourth-largest renewable energy producer. With a sound development pipeline  first-class assets  and market-leading operating capacity  EDPR has undergone exceptional development in recent years and is present in 29 international markets across Europe  Latin America  North America  and Asia.ABOUT SOL SYSTEMS:Sol Systems is a leading national solar energy firm with an established reputation for integrity and reliability across its development  infrastructure  and environmental commodity businesses. Sol Systems is operating and building over 1.5 GW of solar projects valued at more than $2 billion for Fortune 100 companies  municipalities  counties  utilities  universities  and schools and provides environmental commodity portfolio management services to more than 20 000 customers across the U.S. The company was founded in 2008  is based in Washington  D.C.  and is led by its founder. Sol Systems works with institutional clients  corporate partners  and foundations to create a more sustainable future we can all believe in. For more information  visit https://www.solsystems.com/.CONTACT: Thomas Weirich EDP Renewables North America Distributed Generation 281.825.2771 thomas.weirich@edp.com Chrissy Lee Google press@google.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.13,0.3,True,English,"['500 MW AC Environmental Justice Program', 'Largest Corporate Backing', 'EDPR Partner', 'Distributed Solar', 'United States', 'Google', 'EDP RENEWABLES NORTH AMERICA DISTRIBUTED GENERATION', 'EDPR NA DG Chief Executive Officer', 'cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC', 'The EDPR NA DG team', 'entire North American region', 'PJM Interconnection service area', '24/7 carbon-free energy goal', 'novel renewable energy credit', 'largest renewable energy producer', '80 distributed solar PV projects', 'new, corporate-led, market segment', 'Chief Investment Officer', 'renewable energy sector', 'distributed solar development', 'largest corporate sponsorship', 'other traditional RECs', 'last two years', 'open book’ approach', 'defining incentive methodology', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'market-leading operating capacity', 'Energy Financial Benefit', 'clean energy investments', 'domestic energy production', 'compliance procurement community', 'localized renewable development', 'applicable compliance market', 'S&P Global', 'sound development pipeline', 'high energy burden', 'data center campus', 'local community leaders', 'Environmental Justice advocates', 'direct community investment', 'direct LMI benefit', 'landmark tax incentives', 'supporting framework agreement', 'Google Cloud region', 'equitable energy transition', 'environmental justice program', 'similar economic benefits', 'community impact fund', 'The ImpactREC™ program', 'data center communities', 'community solar', 'direct investment', 'Energy Lead', 'energy poverty', 'energy system', 'economic justice', 'disproportionate impact', 'localized social', 'equitable decarbonization', 'corporate purchasers', 'global leader', 'initial projects', 'New York', 'New Jersey', 'New Albany', 'impactful program', 'local communities', 'LMI) communities', 'LMI communities', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'moderate income', 'initial focus', 'unparalleled transaction', 'United States', 'additional covenants', 'supportive legislation', 'Christopher Rittenhouse', 'Adam Woda', 'primary barrier', 'Sana Ouji', 'steady focus', 'Gustavo Monteiro', 'sustainable future', 'typical barriers', 'Richard Dovere', 'major feature', 'coming weeks', 'long-standing relationships', 'power generators', 'full suite', 'storage assets', 'first-class assets', 'ImpactREC™ product', 'ImpactREC™ purchase', 'signing', '500 MWAC', 'April', 'deal', '25,000 families', 'Ohio', 'Columbus', 'BloombergNEF', 'initiative', 'part', 'minting', 'jurisdictions', 'interviews', 'collaboration', 'mission', 'opportunity', 'Story', 'values', 'industry', 'creation', 'way', 'blueprints', 'intention', 'IRA', 'manufacturing', 'Midwest', 'Northeast', 'adoption', 'success', 'core', 'developers', 'municipalities', 'offerings', 'financing', 'construction', 'operation', 'information', 'world', 'exceptio']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23551,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dna-diagnostics-center-ddc-announces-150500269.html,DNA Diagnostics Center (DDC) Announces the Launch of Peekaboo™ Click  Bringing Virtually Pain-Free Blood Collection to its Peekaboo Early Gender DNA Test Product Line,DNA Diagnostics Center (DDC)  a global leader in genetic relationship and consumer testing  and part of the Eurofins network of companies  today announces...,"FAIRFIELD  Ohio  April 24  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- DNA Diagnostics Center (DDC)  a global leader in genetic relationship and consumer testing  and part of the Eurofins network of companies  today announces the launch of Peekaboo™ Click  the latest addition to its Peekaboo Early Gender DNA Test product family.Peekaboo Click Early Gender DNA TestThe Peekaboo™ test enables expecting parents to discover their baby's gender very early in pregnancy with 99.5% accuracy from a simple blood sample from the mother1. Peekaboo™ Click will make obtaining a test sample more convenient and accessible for expectant mothers  utilizing a virtually pain-free at-home collection device that collects capillary blood from the mother's arm as early as six weeks into pregnancy. Customers then send the sample back to DDC's laboratory  where it is analyzed and accurate results are returned to the customer as soon as the same day.Like the original Peekaboo™ Early Gender DNA Test  Peekaboo™ Click delivers results with exceptional accuracy and convenience by using PCR technology to detect the presence of Y chromosomes from cell-free fetal DNA isolated from a self-collected maternal blood sample.""DNA Diagnostics Center continues to be at the forefront of innovation and quality in consumer genetic testing  with its highly accredited laboratory services and excellent customer care "" said Mike Sheaffer  Founder of the American Pregnancy Association. ""We are excited that Peekaboo™ Click will offer pregnant women an even more comfortable and simple solution to determine the gender of their baby at home.""Peekaboo™ Click was designed with expecting mothers' experience in mind  as a more convenient  reliable and comfortable alternative to traditional fingerstick blood collection. Women simply stick the device on their upper arm  click a button to activate a tiny needle  and wait for up to two minutes for blood to begin collecting directly into the device's tube.Story continuesPeekaboo™ Click is now available for purchase on peekaboogendertest.com  and on Amazon. Customers can avail of the Peekaboo™ Click Express service on peekaboogendertest.com  which includes overnight shipping and results delivered the same day that the sample arrives at the laboratory.99.5% accuracy validated in a clinical study of 215 pregnant women between 7 and 39 weeks gestation with blood drawn from venipuncture. Data published on peekaboogendertest.com.To learn more  please visit: https://dnacenter.com/blog/dna-diagnostics-center-announces-the-launch-of-peekaboo-clickFurther information:Christy Kaupinen  Vice President of Marketing  DNA Diagnostics Centerckaupinen@dnacenter.comir@eurofins.comAbout DNA Diagnostics CenterDNA Diagnostics Center (DDC) is a global leader in DNA testing and genetics. The company provides comprehensive consumer and legal DNA testing services for paternity and family relationships  fertility  lifestyle  veterinary  and forensics worldwide. DNA Diagnostics Center is part of the Eurofins network of companies.About Eurofins – the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. With over 61 000 staff across a network of ca. 900 laboratories in 61 countries  Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods.Eurofins Shares are listed on Euronext Paris Stock Exchange.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dna-diagnostics-center-ddc-announces-the-launch-of-peekaboo-click-bringing-virtually-pain-free-blood-collection-to-its-peekaboo-early-gender-dna-test-product-line-301805017.htmlSOURCE DNA Diagnostics Center  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['Peekaboo Early Gender DNA Test Product Line', 'DNA Diagnostics Center', 'Pain-Free Blood Collection', 'Peekaboo™', 'DDC', 'Launch', 'Peekaboo Early Gender DNA Test product family', 'original Peekaboo™ Early Gender DNA Test', 'up to two minutes', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'SOURCE DNA Diagnostics Center', 'legal DNA testing services', 'traditional fingerstick blood collection', 'Peekaboo™ Click Express service', 'collected maternal blood sample', 'cell-free fetal DNA', 'The Peekaboo™ test', 'excellent customer care', 'American Pregnancy Association', 'consumer genetic testing', 'simple blood sample', 'family relationships', 'home collection device', 'test sample', 'original content', 'consumer testing', 'genetic relationship', 'simple solution', 'comprehensive consumer', 'laboratory services', 'capillary blood', 'global leader', 'latest addition', 'expectant mothers', 'same day', 'PCR technology', 'Y chromosomes', 'Mike Sheaffer', ""mothers' experience"", 'convenient, reliable', 'tiny needle', 'overnight shipping', 'clinical study', 'Further information', 'Christy Kaupinen', 'Vice President', 'ca. 900 laboratories', '200,000 analytical methods', 'pregnant women', 'comfortable alternative', 'upper arm', 'Eurofins Shares', 'accurate results', 'exceptional accuracy', 'peekaboogendertest.com', 'Eurofins network', '99.5% accuracy', 'FAIRFIELD', 'Ohio', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'DDC', 'part', 'companies', 'launch', 'parents', 'baby', 'six', 'Customers', 'convenience', 'presence', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'quality', 'Founder', 'mind', 'button', 'tube', 'Story', 'purchase', 'Amazon', '39 weeks', 'venipuncture', 'Data', 'dna-diagnostics-center', 'Marketing', 'ckaupinen', 'genetics', 'company', 'paternity', 'fertility', 'lifestyle', 'veterinary', 'forensics', 'bio-analysis', '61,000 staff', '61 countries', 'portfolio', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'product-line', '7']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23552,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/royal-vopak-signs-agreements-debt-050000501.html,Royal Vopak signs agreements for a new debt issuance of EUR 400 million equivalent,Royal Vopak signs agreements for a new debt issuance of EUR 400 million equivalent Rotterdam  the Netherlands; 24 April 2023 Royal Vopak announces the...,Koninklijke Vopak N.V.Royal Vopak signs agreements for a new debt issuance of EUR 400 million equivalentRotterdam  the Netherlands; 24 April 2023Royal Vopak announces the signing of Note Purchase Agreements for a debt issuance in the US Private Placement (USPP) market for a total amount of USD 225 million and EUR 193 million. Funding will take place mid June this year and is subject to customary closing conditions.This Senior Notes Program consists of various EUR and USD tranches with maturities ranging from 5 to 10 years. For the USD denominated Notes of 225 million the weighted average fixed annual interest rate is 5.14%. For the EUR denominated Notes of 193 million the weighted average fixed annual interest rate is 4.65%.The proceeds of this USPP will be mainly used to repay outstanding and/or maturing debt in 2023. The program will further align the well spread debt maturity profile of Vopak’s outstanding debt  and will provide maximum flexibility under the current EUR 1 billion Revolving Credit Facility.Michiel Gilsing  Chief Financial Officer of Vopak: “This successful signing of the debt issuance confirms Vopak’s ongoing access to relevant capital markets. This debt issuance will further strengthen our balance sheet and support our capital structure to continue to invest in growth opportunities for Vopak in line with our strategy.”This announcement does not constitute an offer of any securities for sale in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities mentioned herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.About Royal VopakRoyal Vopak is the world’s leading independent tank storage company. We store vital products with care. Products for everyday life. The energy that allows people to cook  heat or cool their homes and for transportation. The chemicals that enable companies to manufacture millions of useful products. The edible oils to prepare food. We take pride in improving access to cleaner energy and feedstocks for a growing world population  ensuring safe  clean and efficient storage and handling of bulk liquid products and gases at strategic locations around the world. We are excited to help shape a sustainable future by developing infrastructure solutions for new vital products  focusing on zero- and low-carbon hydrogen  ammonia  CO2  long duration energy storage and sustainable feedstocks. We have a track record of over 400 years in navigating change and are continuously investing in innovation. On sustainability  we are ambitious and performance driven  with a balanced roadmap that reflects key topics that matter most to our stakeholders and where we can have a positive impact for people  planet and profit and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comFor more information please contactAnalysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relationsinvestor.relations@vopak.comPress: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication global.communication@vopak.comStory continuesAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,positive,0.81,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['new debt issuance', 'EUR 400 million equivalent', 'Royal Vopak', 'agreements', 'current EUR 1 billion Revolving Credit Facility', 'average fixed annual interest rate', 'leading independent tank storage company', 'United Nations Sustainable Development Goals', 'spread debt maturity profile', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'long duration energy storage', 'Koninklijke Vopak N.V.', 'EUR 400 million equivalent', 'EUR denominated Notes', 'US Private Placement', 'customary closing conditions', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Manager External Communication', 'relevant capital markets', 'bulk liquid products', 'Note Purchase Agreements', 'Senior Notes Program', 'USD denominated Notes', 'new vital products', 'new debt issuance', 'growing world population', 'efficient storage', 'various EUR', 'United States', 'sustainable future', 'capital structure', 'sustainable feedstocks', 'maturing debt', 'cleaner energy', 'useful products', 'total amount', 'USD tranches', 'maximum flexibility', 'Michiel Gilsing', 'balance sheet', 'growth opportunities', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable exemption', 'everyday life', 'edible oils', 'safe, clean', 'strategic locations', 'infrastructure solutions', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'track record', 'balanced roadmap', 'key topics', 'positive impact', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Fatjona Topciu', 'Liesbeth Lans', 'outstanding debt', 'Royal Vopak', '5 to 10 years', 'successful signing', 'ongoing access', 'registration requirements', 'Investor Relations', '400 years', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', '24 April', 'USPP', 'Funding', 'June', 'maturities', 'proceeds', 'line', 'strategy', 'announcement', 'offer', 'sale', 'care', 'people', 'homes', 'transportation', 'chemicals', 'companies', 'millions', 'food', 'pride', 'handling', 'gases', 'ammonia', 'change', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'stakeholders', 'planet', 'profit', 'information', 'Analysts', 'Investors', 'Head', 'Press', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23553,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/forfarmers-n-v-share-buy-060000981.html,ForFarmers N.V.: Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers,Lochem  24 April 2023 ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 25 342 shares in the period from 18 April 2023 through 21 April 2023. The shares were...,"ForFarmers N.V.Lochem  24 April 2023ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 25 342 shares in the period from 18 April 2023 through 21 April 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.91 per share  for a total amount of €73 777. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 13 April 2023. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes and obligations from employee participation plans 2022. It concerns a maximum of 625 000 shares  for a maximum amount of € 3 125 000.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en .This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions)Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 194 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that offers complete and innovative feed solutions for livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and further sustainalising the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of approximately 9 million tons of animal feed. The company is operating in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately € 3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euStory continuesFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'general economic conditions', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'Director Investor Relations', 'P.O. Box', 'employee participation plans', 'innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'share price fluctuations', 'share buy-back programme', 'future financial results', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'market leader', 'annual sales', 'annual report', 'average price', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'legal procedures', 'actual results', 'future results', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'ForFarmers website', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', '9 million tons', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'More information', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'new information', 'future events', 'maximum amount', '7240 AB Lochem', 'other factors', 'livestock farming', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '24 April', '25,342 shares', 'period', '18 April', '21 April', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '13 April', '625,000 shares', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'complete', 'mission', 'continuity', 'Europe', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', 'Story', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23554,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNOPROBE-S-P-A-133432182/news/Technoprobe-arranged-admission-of-shares-on-Euronext-Milan-43623869/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Technoprobe  arranged admission of shares on Euronext Milan,(marketscreener.com) Technoprobe Spa announced Monday that Borsa Italiana Spa has arranged for the listing of the company's ordinary shares on the regulated market Euronext Milan. Thus  Borsa Italiana has ordered the simultaneous delisting of Technoprobe's or…,(Alliance News) - Technoprobe Spa announced Monday that Borsa Italiana Spa has arranged for the listing of the company's ordinary shares on the regulated market Euronext Milan.Thus  Borsa Italiana has ordered the simultaneous delisting of Technoprobe's ordinary shares from trading on the Euronext Growth Milan multilateral trading system.As part of the transaction  the company has prepared a prospectus regarding the admission to listing of ordinary shares on Euronext Milan  which will be subject to approval by the National Commission for Companies and the Stock Exchange.The company announced that it has submitted an application to Borsa Italiana for admission of its ordinary shares to trading on Euronext Milan.On Monday  Technoprobe closed in the green by 1.9 percent at EUR6.50 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Milan', 'Technoprobe', 'shares', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Euronext Growth Milan multilateral trading system', 'Alliance News reporter', 'Borsa Italiana Spa', 'Euronext Milan', 'ordinary shares', 'regulated market', 'simultaneous delisting', 'National Commission', 'Stock Exchange', 'Claudia Cavaliere', 'Technoprobe Spa', 'company', 'part', 'transaction', 'prospectus', 'approval', 'Companies', 'application', 'Monday', 'green', '1.9 percent', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23555,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2653125/0/en/Sud-Vannier-wind-farm-produces-its-first-kilowatt-hours.html,Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours,Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours    Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable......,English FrenchSud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hoursVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  reinforces its local presence in the Grand-Est region in France and announces the commissioning of Sud Vannier wind farm.With a capacity of 23.6 megawatts  Sud Vannier project is Voltalia’s first wind farm in the Grand-Est region and the third wind farm in the North-East quarter of France after Sarry (23.1 megawatts) and Molinons (10 megawatts) wind farms.The electricity produced will be sold to Leroy Merlin under a 23-year contract  the first Corporate PPA1 wind farm in France.The production of this project is equivalent to the domestic consumption of about 26 000 people  approximately 15% of the population of the Haute-Marne department.The Grand-Est region has important objectives in terms of renewable energy supply: to be energy positive and low carbon by 2050.Next on the agenda: Turnover Q1 2023  on April 26  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 14.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance. As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 550 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed in compartment A of the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA). The company is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index of responsible mid-caps. Loan Duong  Directrice Communications & Relations investisseursEmail : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement  a long-term contract for the supply of renewable electricity that directly links the producer  a power plant  to the final consumer of the electricity  a company.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Sud Vannier wind farm', 'first kilowatt hours', 'first Corporate PPA1 wind farm', '1 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement', 'Sud Vannier wind farm', 'first kilowatt hours Voltalia', 'first wind farm', 'third wind farm', 'Sud Vannier project', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'Euronext regulated market', 'renewable energy projects', 'The Grand-Est region', 'renewable energy supply', 'corporate market', 'wind farms', 'power plant', 'renewable energies', 'The Group', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'local presence', 'North-East quarter', 'Leroy Merlin', '23-year contract', 'domestic consumption', 'Haute-Marne department', 'important objectives', 'low carbon', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'compartment A', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible mid-caps', 'Loan Duong', 'Directrice Communications', 'Relations investisseurs', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'long-term contract', 'final consumer', 'renewable electricity', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'investor clients', 'local production', 'green electricity', 'France', 'commissioning', '23.6 megawatts', 'Sarry', 'Molinons', '26,000 people', 'population', 'terms', 'agenda', 'Turnover', 'April', 'operation', 'construction', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '14.2 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'Email', 'T.', 'producer', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23556,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2653077/34483/en/Cnova-N-V-Reaction-to-Casino-Group-s-Press-Release.html,Cnova N.V. - Reaction to Casino Group's Press Release,CNOVA N.V. – Reaction to Casino Group’s Press Release    Amsterdam – April 24  2023  18:15 CEST – Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392)......,English FrenchCNOVA N.V. – Reaction to Casino Group’s Press ReleaseAmsterdam – April 24  2023  18:15 CEST – Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) and its Board of Directors took note of the press release issued on the date hereof by its controlling shareholder  Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. ( “Casino”)  in which it is mentioned that Casino is launching the: “solicitation of consents from certain creditors and bondholders of the Casino Group regarding the possibility of initiating conciliation proceedings to guide upcoming discussions with creditors in connection with EP Global Commerce a.s.’ proposal on the one hand and the continuation of the Project TERACT on the other hand”1.As part of the solicitation of consents launched by Casino  Cdiscount  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company  will seek the consent from the lenders in respect of the State Guaranteed Loan (Prêt Garanti par l’Etat) entered into on July 30  2020.The Company confirms that no decision to request the appointment of conciliators for itself and/or any of its subsidiaries  including Cdiscount  has been taken at this stage and that it remains in full compliance with its financial commitments. The Company will continue to monitor developments concerning Casino.1: https://www.groupe-casino.fr/en/announcements/ - “Solicitation of consents from certain creditors and bondholders of the Casino Group regarding the possibility of initiating conciliation proceedings to guide upcoming discussions with creditors in connection with EP Global Commerce a.s.’ proposal on the one hand and the continuation of the Project TERACT on the other hand”***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 8.1 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94 Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel: +33 6 17 76 79 71Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', 'Casino Group', 'Press Release', 'Reaction', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'EP Global Commerce', 'Prêt Garanti', '8.1 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'CNOVA N.V.', 'innovative payment solutions', 'domestic energy services', 'French ecommerce leader', 'State Guaranteed Loan', 'financial commitments', 'Media contact', 'Service solutions', 'advertising services', 'English French', 'French law', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'controlling shareholder', 'conciliation proceedings', 'upcoming discussions', 'one hand', 'Project TERACT', 'other hand', 'full compliance', 'art website', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'B2B clients', 'news releases', 'financieel toezicht', 'Casino Group', 'Groupe Casino', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'The Company', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'Reaction', 'Amsterdam', 'April', 'CEST', 'CNV', 'Board', 'Directors', 'note', 'date', 'solicitation', 'consents', 'creditors', 'bondholders', 'possibility', 'connection', 'proposal', 'continuation', 'part', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'lenders', 'respect', 'Etat', 'July', 'decision', 'appointment', 'conciliators', 'subsidiaries', 'stage', 'developments', 'groupe-casino', 'product', 'fast', 'practical', 'travel', 'entertainment', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-logistics', 'sites', 'informatie', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'Tel', 'directiondelacommunication', 'solis', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23557,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2653047/0/en/Pcas-NET-SALES-AS-OF-MARCH-31-2023.html,Pcas: NET SALES AS OF MARCH 31  2023,Ecully  April 24  2023  NET SALES AS OF MARCH 31  2023  PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for...,English FrenchEcully  April 24  2023NET SALES AS OF MARCH 31  2023PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of March 31  2023.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €66.2 million as of March 31  2023  a 29.4% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+28.3% at a constant exchange rate).In millions of euros 2023 2022 % change 2023 At a constant exchange rate % change Sales as of 31 March 66.2 51.2 29.4% 65.7 28.3% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 43.5 31.3 39.0% 43.4 38.5% Fine Specialty Chemicals 22.7 19.9 14.2% 22.3 12.1%in millions of euros France Other areas Total Net Sales by origin March 31  2023 49.8 16.4 66.2 March 31  2022 39.0 12.2 51.2Pharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €43.5 million  a 39.0% increase compared to 2022 (a 38.5% increase at a constant exchange rate). Rising net sales can be attributed primarily to a higher demand in R&D and in most production sites as well as the price increase policy initiated in 2022 to cope with the rising costs of raw materials  energy and supplies.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €22.7 million  a 14.2% increase compared to 2022 (a 12.1% increase at a constant exchange rate). Business levels are still high in the first months of the year  with a very strong demand for Electronics and Fine Chemicals. A slight slowdown can be observed in the Lubricants business. The industrialization of new products is still at a good level across all sites.OutlookIn the context of the ongoing dispute with Mithra  PCAS continues to study a temporary reduction in activity in 2023 on the production site where certain workshops are dedicated to the production of Estetrol. At this stage  it is still not possible to precisely assess the consequences of this dispute on future business and results.As stated in the press release of March 30  2023  as a consequence  the return to positive results announced for 2023 is delayed.PCAS Group will continue to benefit from the support of its majority shareholder Seqens (owning 76.66%) for the financing of its activities and its development.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:Net Sales as of June 30 2023 - July 27  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 11% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1200 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.17,0.43,True,English,"['Pcas', 'SALES', 'MARCH', 'market-leading major global groups', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'previous financial year', 'The PCAS Group', 'consolidated net sales', 'Total Net Sales', 'price increase policy', 'Rising net sales', 'most production sites', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'rising costs', 'Business levels', 'Lubricants business', 'future business', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'Other areas', 'higher demand', 'R&D', 'raw materials', 'first months', 'strong demand', 'slight slowdown', 'new products', 'good level', 'temporary reduction', 'press release', 'majority shareholder', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'proprietary products', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'investor relation', 'ongoing dispute', 'positive results', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'PCAS NewCap', '29.4% increase', '39.0% increase', '38.5% increase', '14.2% increase', '12.1% increase', 'Ecully', 'April', 'MARCH', 'specialist', 'publication', 'millions', 'euros', 'France', 'origin', 'energy', 'supplies', 'Electronics', 'industrialization', 'Outlook', 'context', 'Mithra', 'activity', 'workshops', 'Estetrol', 'stage', 'consequences', 'return', 'support', 'Seqens', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'June', 'July', 'company', 'solutions', '1200 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1 69']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23558,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/groupe-casino-groupement-les-mousquetaires-054500383.html,Groupe Casino : Groupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and Casino Group are in exclusive discussions to further develop their industrial and purchasing partnerships and optimise their respective networks,Groupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and Casino Group are in exclusive discussions to further develop their industrial and purchasing partnerships and...,Groupe CasinoGroupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and Casino Group are in exclusive discussions to further develop their industrial and purchasing partnerships and optimise their respective networksParis  24 April 2023As part of the project to create a new major French player in responsible and sustainable retail activities that enhance farmers’ revenue as announced on 9 March 2023 by Casino Group and TERACT  Groupement Les Mousquetaires  Casino Group and TERACT announce that they are in exclusive discussions to further develop the existing strategic cooperation between Groupement Les Mousquetaires and Casino Group.Groupement Les Mousquetaires and Casino Group are considering to extend their alliances by two years until 2028 (Auxo Achats Alimentaires  Auxo Achats Non Alimentaires and Auxo Achats Non Marchands) and to extend their agreements to the new entity to be formed between Casino Group and TERACT  which would be controlled by Casino Group.It is also considered to build new partnerships between the new entity and Groupement Les Mousquetaires:a purchasing alliance in Private Label (Marque Distributeur) food products a supply from Groupement Les Mousquetaires’ Seafood (Marée) and Butchery (Boucherie) channels  relying on AgroMousquetaires’s recognized know-how an access for Groupement Les Mousquetaires to the recognised expertise in fresh produce channels (filières) of TERACT Ferme France’s  a newly created entity in charge of the supply of agricultural and local products to the entity to be incorporated.In addition  the new entity could transfer to Groupement Les Mousquetaires  over several years and at market value  a number of points of sale from the Casino France perimeter representing a minimum of €1.1 bn of turnover including VAT. While maintaining the overall volume negotiated by the Purchasing alliances and preserving employment  these transfers would allow to accelerate the geographical refocusing of Casino labels on the target and priority regions for its new project and would allow Intermarché to expand its national network.Story continuesGroupement Les Mousquetaires could also become a minority shareholder in the new entity. In this context  InVivo and Groupement Les Mousquetaires are considering an investment of €300m in the new entity. In accordance with the press release of 9 March 2023  Casino and TERACT’s shareholders of reference have started discussions with other potential investors to complete its fundraising  confirming the objective to raise a total of €500m of additional equity to provide the new entity with the appropriate financial resources to implement its ambitious strategic plan.Depending on their progress  these discussions will be submitted for consultation to the employee representative bodies  the competent regulatory authorities and the respective governance of Casino Group  Groupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and InVivo.As indicated in the press release of 9 March 2023  this project remains conditional on the conclusion of a binding agreement between the parties  which could intervene before the end of the second quarter of 2023 and of which the market will be kept informed.Pursuant to the European Commission's Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055 of 29 June 2016  relating to the technical procedures for the publication and deferral of inside information  this press release was communicated to Casino's authorized distributor for release on 24 April 2023 at 07:45 CET.About CasinoCasino Group is a respected key player on the French retail market and an international leader in food retail  with close to 12 000 stores around the world (in France and Latin America). The Group has developed a portfolio of strong  dynamic and complementary banners  thanks to more than 200 000 employees driven by their passion for retail and customer service  and generated net sales of €33.6 billion in 2022. In all of its host countries  Casino Group focuses its development on the formats with the highest potential and its ability to adapt in order to satisfy the needs of its customers  today and tomorrow.About TERACTTERACT is a major responsible distribution player in the garden centre and pet retail and food distribution growth markets. Our ambition is to create a unique network of brands combining tradition and modernity  agricultural know-how and innovation  in-store and digital experiences. TERACT addresses the demand for a new generation of consumption which is synonymous with quality  sustainability and traceability. TERACT regroups the Garden Centre/Pet Retail brands Jardiland  Gamm vert  Delbard  Jardineries du Terroir and Noa as well as the Food Retail brands Boulangerie Louise  Grand Marché La Marnière  Frais d’Ici and Bio&Co. TERACT's majority shareholder is InVivo  one of the leading agricultural and agri-food groups in Europe.TERACT is listed on the professional segment of Euronext Paris (ticker code: TRACT  ISIN: FR001400BMH7). Further information is available at www.teract.com.About Groupement Les MousquetairesAt the head of their independent sales outlets  the 3 000 Mousquetaires company managers form a group of entrepreneurs committed to the socio-economic fabric of their territories. To meet the needs of their brands  Intermarché  Netto (food); Bricomarché  Brico Cash  Bricorama (home equipment); Roady and Rapid Pare-Brise (mobility)  Les Mousquetaires have their own support services  their own logistics bases and 56 food factories  all located in France. Created in 1969  the Les Mousquetaires Group employs 150 000 people to ensure the performance of over 3 100 local sales outlets in France. Les Mousquetaires also has stores in Belgium  Poland and Portugal. To find out more: www.mousquetaires.com.GROUPE CASINOANALYSTS AND INVESTORSChristopher WELTON – Tel : +33 (0)1 53 65 64 17cwelton.exterieur@groupe-casino.fr+33 (0)1 53 65 24 17IR_Casino@groupe-casino.frPRESS CONTACTSStéphanie Abadie - sabadie@groupe-casino.fr - +33 (0)6 26 27 37 05+33(0)1 53 65 24 78 - directiondelacommunication@groupe-casino.frAgence IMAGE 7Karine Allouis – Tel : +33(0)1 53 70 74 84 - kallouis@image7.frLaurent Poinsot – Tel : + 33(0)6 80 11 73 52 - lpoinsot@image7.frTERACTINVESTORS CONTACTinvestors@teract.comMEDIAS CONTACTmedia@teract.comAziza Bouster - abouster-ext@teract.com - +33 (0)6 07 96 30 91GROUPEMENT LES MOUSQUETAIRESPRESS CONTACTSSource RPMichelle Kamar - 06 09 24 42 42 - michelle@source-rp.comCharlotte Rabilloud - 06 62 03 28 34 - charlotte@source-rp.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.12,0.28,0.6,True,English,"['Groupement Les Mousquetaires', 'Groupe Casino', 'Casino Group', 'exclusive discussions', 'purchasing partnerships', 'respective networks', 'TERACT', 'industrial', 'Grand Marché La Marnière', 'Food Retail brands Boulangerie Louise', 'food distribution growth markets', 'Auxo Achats Non Marchands', 'Auxo Achats Non Alimentaires', 'Marque Distributeur) food products', 'major responsible distribution player', 'Groupement Les Mousquetaires’ Seafood', 'Garden Centre/Pet Retail brands', 'new major French player', 'Auxo Achats Alimentaires', 'existing strategic cooperation', 'appropriate financial resources', 'ambitious strategic plan', 'employee representative bodies', 'competent regulatory authorities', 'Jardineries du Terroir', 'sustainable retail activities', 'fresh produce channels', 'other potential investors', 'French retail market', 'Casino France perimeter', 'TERACT Ferme France', 'Casino Casino Group', 'key player', 'local products', 'Boucherie) channels', 'highest potential', 'new partnerships', 'new generation', 'The Group', 'Groupe Casino', 'Casino labels', 'purchasing partnerships', 'respective networks', 'farmers’ revenue', 'two years', 'purchasing alliance', 'Private Label', 'Marée', 'filières', 'several years', 'market value', 'overall volume', 'geographical refocusing', 'priority regions', 'national network', 'minority shareholder', 'additional equity', 'respective governance', 'binding agreement', 'second quarter', 'European Commission', 'Implementing Regulation', 'technical procedures', 'inside information', 'authorized distributor', 'international leader', 'close to', 'Latin America', 'strong, dynamic', 'complementary banners', 'customer service', 'net sales', 'host countries', 'unique network', 'digital experiences', 'Gamm vert', 'Bio&Co.', 'majority shareholder', 'agri-food groups', 'professional segment', 'ticker code', 'Further information', 'new entity', 'press release', 'agricultural know-how', 'leading agricultural', 'new project', 'exclusive discussions', 'Euronext Paris', '9 March', 'alliances', 'industrial', '24 April', 'agreements', 'supply', 'Butchery', 'AgroMousquetaires', 'access', 'expertise', 'charge', 'number', 'points', 'minimum', 'turnover', 'employment', 'transfers', 'target', 'Intermarché', 'Story', 'context', 'InVivo', 'investment', 'accordance', 'shareholders', 'reference', 'fundraising', 'objective', 'total', 'progress', 'consultation', 'conclusion', 'parties', 'end', '29 June', 'publication', 'deferral', '12,000 stores', 'world', 'portfolio', '200,000 employees', 'passion', 'development', 'formats', 'ability', 'order', 'needs', 'customers', 'tomorrow', 'ambition', 'tradition', 'modernity', 'innovation', 'demand', 'consumption', 'quality', 'Jardiland', 'Delbard', 'Noa', 'Frais', 'Ici', 'TRACT', 'head', '€1.1', '07:45']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23559,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-193000189.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  DSM and DSM-Firmenich are required to announce transactions in relation to the ordinary shares...,THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR GENERAL RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD VIOLATE APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONSThis is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM) in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by DSM-Firmenich AG (DSM-Firmenich) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer)  pursuant to Section 13  paragraphs 1 and 2  and Section 17  paragraph 3  of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft (the Decree). The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM ordinary shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any holder of DSM ordinary shares  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the offering circular in relation to the Exchange Offer dated 22 November 2022 (the Offering Circular).HEERLEN  Netherlands  April 24  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  DSM and DSM-Firmenich are required to announce transactions in relation to the ordinary shares in their respective share capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules.DSM Logo.With reference to the Offering Circular (in particular sections 11.16 (Long-term incentive plans) and 13.7 (Principal terms of the Business Combination Agreement))  DSM has during the Acceptance Period tendered in the Exchange Offer 662 616 DSM ordinary Shares held in treasury in order to be able to fulfill its obligations under the respective DSM Incentive Plans after the Settlement Date. Upon Settlement  DSM received 662 616 DSM-Firmenich Ordinary shares in exchange for the aforementioned DSM Ordinary Shares tendered in the Exchange Offer.Story continuesPursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 24 April 2023 delivered 14 139 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares to employees in view of (i) settling the vesting of 8 474 share units granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan and (ii) settling the exercise of 5 665 stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €61.92).At the date hereof  DSM holds a total of 635 176 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares (in order to be able to fulfill its obligations under the respective DSM Incentive Plans)  representing approximately 0.4214% of the DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301805843.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.18,0.62,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'Long-term incentive plans', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'Business Combination Agreement', 'English language version', 'respective share capital', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', '662,616 DSM-Firmenich Ordinary shares', '14,139 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares', '635,176 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares', 'DSM ordinary shares', 'global, purpose-led company', 'The Exchange Offer', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', '8,474 share units', 'DSM-Firmenich AG', 'Royal DSM', 'UNITED STATES', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'biedingen Wft', 'other laws', 'regulatory authority', 'offering circular', 'particular sections', '5,665 stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'GENERAL RELEASE', 'DSM Logo', 'Principal terms', 'Acceptance Period', 'Forward-looking statements', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'More information', 'Settlement Date', 'Such statements', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'REGULATIONS', 'connection', 'paragraphs', 'purchase', 'behalf', 'holder', 'making', 'compliance', 'securities', 'registration', 'approval', 'filing', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'reference', 'treasury', 'order', 'obligations', 'Story', 'commitments', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'total', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'customers', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'prnewswire', 'Cision', 'news-releases', 'delivery']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23560,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000039.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0376 £ 23.8851 Estimated MTD return 1.49 % 1.57 % Estimated YTD return -2.63 % -2.22 % Estimated ITD return 170.38 % 138.85 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.63 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.03 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.8678 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.5318The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.21,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23561,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/first-msci-index-based-crypto-085100284.html,First MSCI index based Crypto ETP launched by ETC Group starts trading on XETRA,First MSCI index based Crypto ETP launched by ETC Group starts trading on XETRA ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP (DA20) tracks performance of the ...,ETC GroupFirst MSCI index based Crypto ETP launched by ETC Group starts trading on XETRAETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP (DA20) tracks performance of the top 20 digital assets  comprising around 85% of the crypto market. 1Investors can now passively diversify into the crypto asset market with just one ETP.Frankfurt  April 24th 2023 - ETC Group announces the listing and trading start of the ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP (ISIN DE000A3G3ZL3  WKN A3G3ZL) on Deutsche Börse Xetra. The new exchange-traded product tracks the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Top 20 Capped Index and is listed under its primary ticker DA20. The ETP is tradable in EUR and U.S. dollars on Xetra.Issued in Germany  this is the first time investors can invest in the broad crypto market via an exchange-traded basket product that tracks the top 20 investable digital assets comprising approximately 85% of the crypto market. The three largest positions within the Index are currently Bitcoin (ETC)  Ethereum (ETH) and Ripple (XRP). The index is managed and calculated by MSCI and rebalanced quarterly. At rebalance  the weight of individual components is limited to 30 percent in order to improve diversification. Stablecoins  privacy coins as well as ecosystem tokens  and so-called meme coins are not included in the index.The index methodology is publicly available at <Link Index Methodology>Investors can trade the new ETP like shares or ETFs via their regular securities account at online brokers and banks that offer trading on Xetra and trading in crypto ETPs. Like all ETC Group products  the ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 is fully backed by the underlying digital assets and issuer default risk is minimised via an independent trustee. The digital assets backing the ETP are safely and professionally kept in cold storage by a regulated custodian. All transactions are additionally monitored independently by a dedicated administrator.Story continuesThe product offers an efficient way to passively diversify into the crypto market via a regulated financial product.- Ends –Cryptocurrencies are highly volatile  and your capital is at risk.Information contained in this press release is not  and under no circumstances is to be construed as  an advertisement or any other step in furtherance of a public offering to retail investors in the United Kingdom  or a public offering in the United States or Canada  or any state  province or territory thereof  where neither the issuer nor its products are authorised or registered for distribution or sale and where no prospectus of the issuer has been filed with any securities regulator. Full Disclaimer: https://bit.ly/etcdiscNotes for EditorsAbout ETC Group ( www.etc-group.com )ETC Group has been created to provide investors with the tools to access the investment opportunities of the digital assets' and blockchain ecosystem. The company develops innovative digital asset-backed securities including ETC Group Physical Bitcoin (BTCE) and ETC Group Physical Ethereum (ZETH) which are listed on European exchanges including XETRA  Euronext  SIX  AQUIS UK and Wiener Börse.With a track record of over three years  ETC Group is made up of an exceptional team of financial services professionals and entrepreneurs with experience spanning both digital assets and regulated markets. With product quality and safety at the core of our product creation approach  we aim to continuously launch best-in-class institutional-grade exchange traded products.As a company  we have previously launched the world’s first centrally cleared Bitcoin exchange traded product on Deutsche Börse XETRA  the largest ETF trading venue in Europe  and have also launched Europe´s first Metaverse ETF together with HANetf.Trading InformationProduct Primary listing exchange Primary ticker ISIN ETC Group MSCI Digital AssetsSelect 20 ETP Deutsche Börse XETRA DA20 DE000A3G3ZL3 ETC Group Physical Bitcoin Deutsche Börse XETRABTCE DE000A27Z304 ETC Group Physical Ethereum Deutsche Börse XETRAZETH DE000A3GMKD ETC Group Physical Litecoin Deutsche Börse XETRAELTC DE000A3GN5J9 ETC Group Physical Polkadot Deutsche Börse XETRA PLKA DE000A3GVKX6 ETC Group Physical Cardano Deutsche Börse XETRA RDAN DE000A3GVKY4 ETC Group Physical Solana Deutsche Börse XETRA ESOL DE000A3GVKZ1 ETC Group Physical Polygon Deutsche Börse XETRA MTCE DE000A3GWNP ETC Group Physical XRP Deutsche Börse XETRA GXRP DE000A3GYNB0The product list including all exchange listings and trading information is available at https://etc-group.com/products/.Contact index@etc-group.com for any product related inquiries.Media Contact:Sam Sheltonsam@finchpr.com1 Excluding stablecoins such as USDT  USDC  and other.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.18,0.45,True,English,"['First MSCI index', 'Crypto ETP', 'ETC Group', 'trading', 'XETRA', 'XETRA RDAN DE000A3GVKY4 ETC Group Physical Solana Deutsche Börse XETRA ESOL DE000A3GVKZ1 ETC Group Physical Polygon Deutsche Börse XETRA MTCE', 'ZETH DE000A3GMKD ETC Group Physical Litecoin Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'ETC Group Physical XRP Deutsche Börse XETRA GXRP DE000A3GYNB0', 'ETC Group Physical Polkadot Deutsche Börse XETRA PLKA', 'ETC Group Physical Bitcoin Deutsche Börse XETRA BTCE', 'ETC Group Physical Ethereum Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'ETC Group Physical Cardano Deutsche Börse', 'ETP Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'Trading Information Product Primary listing exchange Primary ticker', 'MSCI Global Digital Assets Top 20 Capped Index', 'ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select', 'ISIN ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets', 'Wiener Börse', 'top 20 investable digital assets', 'ETC Group products', 'innovative digital asset-backed securities', 'institutional-grade exchange traded products', 'largest ETF trading venue', 'top 20 digital assets', 'underlying digital assets', 'First MSCI index', 'first Metaverse ETF', 'U.S. dollars', 'three largest positions', 'regular securities account', 'financial services professionals', 'exchange-traded basket product', 'product creation approach', 'product related inquiries', 'new exchange-traded product', 'regulated financial product', '<Link Index Methodology', 'Bitcoin exchange', 'crypto asset market', 'broad crypto market', 'first time investors', 'issuer default risk', 'ISIN DE000A3G3ZL', 'exchange listings', 'trading start', 'securities regulator', 'product quality', 'product list', 'new ETP', 'three years', 'Contact index', 'regulated custodian', 'regulated markets', 'Crypto ETP', 'one ETP', 'WKN A3G3ZL', 'The ETP', 'individual components', 'privacy coins', 'ecosystem tokens', 'meme coins', 'online brokers', 'independent trustee', 'cold storage', 'dedicated administrator', 'efficient way', 'press release', 'other step', 'public offering', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Full Disclaimer', 'investment opportunities', 'blockchain ecosystem', 'European exchanges', 'AQUIS UK', 'track record', 'exceptional team', 'Media Contact', 'Sam Shelton', 'retail investors', '20 ETP', 'performance', 'Frankfurt', 'April', 'Germany', 'Ripple', 'rebalance', 'weight', '30 percent', 'order', 'diversification', 'Stablecoins', 'shares', 'ETFs', 'banks', 'transactions', 'Story', 'Ends', 'Cryptocurrencies', 'capital', 'circumstances', 'advertisement', 'furtherance', 'Canada', 'province', 'territory', 'distribution', 'sale', 'prospectus', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'tools', 'company', 'Euronext', 'SIX', 'entrepreneurs', 'experience', 'safety', 'core', 'class', 'world', 'HANetf', 'ELTC', 'finchpr', 'USDT', 'USDC', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23562,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000530.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0376 £ 23.8851 Estimated MTD return 1.49 % 1.57 % Estimated YTD return -2.63 % -2.22 % Estimated ITD return 170.38 % 138.85 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.63 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.03 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.8678 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.5318The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.21,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23563,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-April-17-2023-until-April-21-2023-inclu-43623191/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from April 17 2023 until April 21  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   April 24  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from April 17 2023 until April 21  2023    Implementation o…,April 24  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from April 17 2023 until April 21  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from April 17  2023 until April 21  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until June 30  2023): 115 889 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 04/17/2023 24 712 79.61 79.24 80.14 1 967 221 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/18/2023 20 981 80.31 80.02 80.54 1 684 917 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/19/2023 23 918 80.36 79.96 80.84 1 922 156 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/20/2023 26 442 80.70 80.36 81.02 2 133 912 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/21/2023 19 836 80.24 79.96 80.74 1 591 653 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 115 889 80.25 9 299 859 Regulated information of April 24  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 16 450 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 04/17/2023 4 200 79.62 79.24 80.14 334 384 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/18/2023 3 500 80.23 80.02 80.54 280 820 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/19/2023 2 000 80.11 79.96 80.84 160 220 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/20/2023 3 500 80.67 80.36 81.02 282 330 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/21/2023 3 250 80.29 79.96 80.74 260 955 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 16 450 80.16 1 318 709 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from April 17  2023 until April 21  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 16 500 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 04/17/2023 4 250 79.70 79.24 80.14 338 732 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/18/2023 3 250 80.35 80.02 80.54 261 135 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/19/2023 2 250 80.29 79.96 80.84 180 650 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/20/2023 3 250 80.76 80.36 81.02 262 470 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/21/2023 3 500 80.37 79.96 80.74 281 308 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 16 500 80.26 1 324 295 As of April 21  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 14 412 259 GBL shares representing 9.4% of the issued capital  and holds no shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  97.2% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of April 24  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'April', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', 'Stock Exchange Euronext', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', '16,450 GBL shares Number', 'Acquis Total', '115,889 GBL shares', '16,500 GBL shares', '14,412,259 GBL shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', 'gbl.be', 'April', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'June', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'Sales', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23564,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/results-ing-2023-annual-general-170300415.html,Results of ING’s 2023 Annual General Meeting,Results of ING’s 2023 Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of ING Groep N.V. was held today in Amsterdam. The AGM adopted all agenda items...,ING GroupResults of ING’s 2023 Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of ING Groep N.V. was held today in Amsterdam.The AGM adopted all agenda items  including the annual accounts for 2022  discharge of the members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board and the dividend for 2022.Alexandra Reich was appointed as member of the Supervisory Board as per the end of the AGM. Karl Guha was appointed effective 1 July 2023. It is the intention of the Supervisory Board to elect him as chairman as of 1 July 2023  succeeding Hans Wijers who will step down as member of the Supervisory Board on that date.The AGM also approved the re-appointments of Tanate Phutrakul as member of the Executive Board of ING and Herna Verhagen and Mike Rees as members of the Supervisory Board.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  go to www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiriesRaymond Vermeulen+31 20 576 6369Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.comInvestor enquiriesING Group Investor Relations+31 20 576 6396Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Story continuesIMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.24,0.54,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Results', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'The Annual General Meeting', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'currency exchange rates', 'Groep N.V.', 'Frequent news updates', 'strong European base', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'global financial institution', 'related response measures', 'related market disruption', 'other forward-looking statements', 'wholesale banking services', 'general economic conditions', 'Bank N.V.', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'Group Investor Relations', 'annual accounts', 'prudential supervision', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'economic crimes', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'financial services', 'The AGM', 'agenda items', 'Executive Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Alexandra Reich', 'Karl Guha', 'Hans Wijers', 'Tanate Phutrakul', 'Herna Verhagen', 'Mike Rees', 'Press enquiries', 'Investor enquiries', 'operating company', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'residual effects', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'financial markets', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives businesses', 'resolution regimes', 'conversion powers', 'Group shares', 'actual results', 'bank recovery', 'EU Regulation', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', 'Raymond Vermeulen', 'Amsterdam', 'members', 'intention', 'chairman', '1 July', 'appointments', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Story', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'write', '2022']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23565,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-bigben-annual-sales-163700741.html,PRESS RELEASE: BIGBEN: ANNUAL SALES FOR FY 2022-23:,Press release Lesquin  24 April 2023  18:00 hrs Q4 2022-23 SALES UP 9.0% TO 65.7 M€ ANNUAL SALES FOR FY 2022-23: €283.8 M€ (+2.9%) BIGBEN INTERACTIVE (ISIN...,"Bigben InteractivePress releaseLesquin  24 April 2023  18:00 hrsQ4 2022-23 SALESUP 9.0% TO 65.7 M€ANNUAL SALES FOR FY 2022-23: €283.8 M€ (+2.9%)BIGBEN INTERACTIVE (ISIN FR0000074072) today published its consolidated sales for the full 2022-2023 financial year (period from 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2023).IFRS – M€ 2022/232021/22Change in %Sales 1st half-year (Apr. - Sept.) 138.6 124.2 +11.6% 3rd quarter (Oct. – Dec.) 79.5 91.3 -12.8% 4st Quarter (January - March) (1) 65.7 60.3 +9.0% Nacon Gaming 37.7 31.7 +19.1% Bigben Audio / Telco 28.0 28.6 -2.1% Cumulative 12 months (April - March) (1) 283.8 275.7 +2.9% Nacon Gaming 156.4 155.9 +0.3% Bigben Audio / Telco 127.4 119.8 +6.3%(1) Non audited dataConsolidated sales for Q4 2022-2023 up 9. 0 % to 65.7 M€.NACON Gaming recorded Q4 sales of 37.7 M€  up 19.1%.VIDEO GAMES: As expected  the publishing news was once again abundant in the fourth quarter with the release of four games (Chef Life  Blood Bowl®3  Clash and Transport Fever 2 Console Edition)  enabling Catalogue sales (new games) to jump by 130.1% to 13.7 M€.The Back catalogue (games released in previous years) continued to outperform and reached an all-time high in the quarter. Its sales rose by 61.2% to 11.2 M€.ACCESSORIES: Sales of new generation consoles have been increasing since the beginning of the year. However  due to a certain inertia  the Accessories business did not benefit from this in the immediate future. This activity thus amounted to 12.2 M€  down 31.6%. Nevertheless  a slowdown in the decline was observed at the end of the quarter  suggesting a gradual improvement in the global market in the coming months.BIGBEN - Audiovideo/Telco posted 28.0 M€ sales in Q4 2022-23  down 2.1%.Story continuesMOBILE ACCESSORIES: Q4 sales came to 21.6 M€  compared with 21.8 M€ for the same period of FY 2021-22.In a telco market that ontracted in volume over 2022  this business continued to perform well thanks to the positive momentum of charger sales and the premiumisation of product ranges:- Confirmation of the success of the Force® premium ranges. Over a year  more than 2 million units were sold  up 7% on the previous year.- Successful launch of the new Force® Play brand. This success was rewarded with the ""Voted Product of the Year 2023"" label.- Introduction on the market  at the end of December 2022  of the first Force® Power high performance universal charger manufactured in France and equipped with GaN  Power Delivery technologies.AUDIOVIDEO: Sales for the quarter amounted to 6.4 M€ compared to 6.7 M€ in Q4 2021-2022. The Bigben Kids and Bigben Party alarm clock ranges performed well. The Video business  on the other hand  experienced a slowdown over the period.Over 12 months  BIGBEN - Audiovideo/Telco sales rose by 6.3% to 127.4 M€.Mobile accessories were up by 6.2% to 96.8 M€. The AudioVideo sector posted an increase of 6.7% to 30.6 M€ due in particular to the inclusion of Metronic in the consolidation scope.Consolidated sales 2022-2023 & expected resultsFor the financial year  the Group's turnover will be €283.8m  up 2.9% compared to 2021-2022.In terms of results  BIGBEN expects current operating income before IFRS2* to be down on the previous financial year  while operating income will increase.Strong growth ambitions for 2023-2024The 2023-2024 financial year will be marked for NACON by a high level of editorial activity with around twenty games to be released over the period  compared with 13 games last year.The first half of 2023-2024 will see the release of the highly anticipated The Lord of the Rings GollumTM   as well as Cricket24  RoboCop: Rogue City and Rugby24  the official game of the Rugby World Cup  which will take place next September.The back catalogue will continue to grow under the mechanical effect of the games released in FY 2022-2023.Finally  the Accessories business should benefit from several factors:- A more favourable base effect.- A gradual end to the tensions experienced in 2022-2023 thanks to the increase in the number of new consoles.- An offer that will be expanded in the coming months with the release of several high-potential products.The BIGBEN AUDIO-VIDEO/TELCO business should continue to benefit from the withdrawal of chargers and pedestrian kits for most new smartphones. At the same time  the diversification of sales channels is continuing in order to develop the sale of accessories in the reconditioned smartphone segment.Finally  the listing by Metronic of Audio products in DIY stores since Q3 2022-2023 opens up new commercial prospects.Given the growth expected to be sustained at NACON Gaming and the resilience of the BIGBEN Audio-Video/Telco business  the Group reaffirms its confidence and anticipates strong growth in its business over the full year.* Current operating income before IFRS2 corresponds to current operating income before expenses related to share-based payment plans.Next Publication:Annual Results 2022/23: 30 May 2023 (Press release after close of the Paris stock exchange)SALES 2022-23283.8 M€HEADCOUNTOver 1200 employeesINTERNATIONAL31 subsidiaries and a distribution network in more than 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben Interactive is a European player in video game development and publishing  in design and distribution of smartphone and gaming accessories as well as in audio products. The Group  which is recognized for its capacities in terms of innovation and creativity  intends to become one of Europe’s leaders in each of its marketsCompany listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index : CAC Mid & Small – Eligible SRD longISN : FR0000074072 ; Reuters : BIGPA ; Bloomberg : BIGFPPRESS CONTACTSCapValue – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.18,0.4,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', 'ANNUAL SALES', 'BIGBEN', 'FY', 'first Force® Power high performance universal charger', 'Bigben Party alarm clock ranges', 'Transport Fever 2 Console Edition', 'new Force® Play brand', 'full 2022-2023 financial year', 'The BIGBEN AUDIO-VIDEO/TELCO business', 'Force® premium ranges', 'Power Delivery technologies', 'Rugby World Cup', 'share-based payment plans', 'Paris stock exchange', 'most new smartphones', 'new commercial prospects', 'current operating income', 'favourable base effect', 'The Bigben Kids', 'new generation consoles', '2023-2024 financial year', 'The AudioVideo sector', 'several high-potential products', 'The Back catalogue', 'The Video business', 'previous financial year', 'Strong growth ambitions', 'high level', 'first half', 'product ranges', 'new consoles', 'full year', 'The Lord', 'previous year', 'mechanical effect', 'several factors', 'Audio products', 'new games', 'Bigben Interactive', 'a year', 'Year 2023"" label', 'VIDEO GAMES', '1st half-year', 'publishing news', 'Chef Life', 'Blood Bowl', 'immediate future', 'gradual improvement', 'positive momentum', '2 million units', 'Successful launch', 'Voted Product', 'other hand', 'consolidation scope', 'Rings GollumTM', 'Rogue City', 'official game', 'pedestrian kits', 'same time', 'smartphone segment', 'DIY stores', 'Next Publication', 'Catalogue sales', 'Nacon Gaming', 'Accessories business', 'Cumulative 12 months', 'coming months', 'global market', 'expected results', 'Annual Results', 'ANNUAL SALES', 'consolidated sales', 'sales channels', 'four games', 'twenty games', '3rd quarter', '4st Quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'Mobile accessories', 'editorial activity', 'Press release', 'gradual end', 'same period', 'Audiovideo/Telco sales', 'Q4 sales', 'telco market', '28.0 M€ sales', '13 games', '37.7 M', '13.7 M', '11.2 M', '21.8 M', '6.4 M', '6.7 M', '96.8 M', '30.6 M', 'Lesquin', '24 April', '18:00 hrs', 'FY', 'ISIN', '1 April', '31 March', 'IFRS', 'Apr.', 'Sept.', 'Oct.', 'Dec.', 'January', 'data', 'Clash', 'beginning', 'inertia', 'slowdown', 'decline', 'Story', 'volume', 'premiumisation', 'Confirmation', 'Introduction', 'December', 'France', 'GaN', 'increase', 'inclusion', 'Metronic', 'Group', 'turnover', 'terms', 'Cricket24', 'RoboCop', 'Rugby24', 'place', 'tensions', 'number', 'offer', 'withdrawal', 'chargers', 'diversification', 'order', 'listing', 'Q3', 'resilience', 'confidence', 'expenses', '30 May', 'close', '65.7', '130.', '12.2', '21.6', '127']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23566,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-ANSWERS-TO-QUESTIONS-RECEIVED-BEFORE-THE-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-P-43623631/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS RECEIVED BEFORE THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING PURSUANT TO ART. 127-TER (LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998) AVAILABLE,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   an independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange announces that questions received from Shareholders on ite…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  an independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange announces that questions received from Shareholders on items about the agenda of the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting convened on April 27 or 28  2023  in first or second call respectively  together with the related answers  are available on the Company's website www.tipspa.it/Corporate Governance /Shareholders meeting /Documents.Milan  April 24  2023TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW. CURRENTLY TIP HAS INVESTMENTS IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DIGITAL MAGICS  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  FAGERHULT  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  PRYSMIAN  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA AND VIANOVA.Contacts: Alessandra GrittiCEO - Investor RelatorTel. 02 8858801 mail: gritti@tamburi.itThis press release is also available on the company's web site www.tipspa.itand disclosed by 1Info SDIR and 1Info Storage system (www.1info.it).",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING PURSUANT"", 'LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO.', 'ANSWERS', 'QUESTIONS', 'ART.', 'TER', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'diversified industrial group', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', 'Alessandra Gritti CEO', '1Info Storage system', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Shareholders meeting', '1Info SDIR', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'second call', 'related answers', 'Corporate Governance', 'CLUB DEALS', '5 BILLION EURO', 'TODAY VALUES', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'DIGITAL MAGICS', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'Investor Relator', 'web site', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES', 'tip.mi', 'independent', 'questions', 'items', 'agenda', 'April', 'first', 'Company', 'website', 'Documents', 'INVESTED', 'EXCELLENT', 'INVESTMENTS', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'FAGERHULT', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'PRYSMIAN', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'STARTIP', 'GARDEN', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'Contacts', 'Tel.']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23567,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALGOWATT-S-P-A-3822461/news/AlgoWatt-S-p-A-New-two-year-agreement-signed-with-leading-bank-for-remote-control-and-maintenance-43617473/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,AlgoWatt S p A : New two-year agreement signed with leading bank for remote control and maintenance of site assets,(marketscreener.com)   algoWatt S.p.A.  GreenTech Solutions Company listed on the Euronext Milan market of the Italian Stock Exchange  announces that it has entered into an important framework agreement with a leading Italian bank  for the evolutionary and …,algoWatt S.p.A.  GreenTech Solutions Company listed on the Euronext Milan market of the Italian Stock Exchange  announces that it has entered into an important framework agreement with a leading Italian bank  for the evolutionary and corrective maintenance of remote-control solutions for technological systems and the management of maintenance teams at offices throughout Italy. The framework agreement  which will be in force until March 2025  provides for the performance of activities to update algoWatt's proprietary platform for remote control of air-conditioning systems  consumption monitoring and asset management  application assistance  support and management in the corrective maintenance phase and implementation of new functionalities  interface updating  interaction with other company systems  etc. in the evolutionary maintenance phase. The solutions adopted allow for the optimisation of the massive scheduling of installations with the detection of anomalies and undue switch-on  with a significant effect on the reduction of energy consumption and on the management of the installations themselves  as well as ensuring efficient planning of asset maintenance in the managed buildings.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.51,0.44,0.05,True,English,"['New two-year agreement', 'AlgoWatt S', 'leading bank', 'remote control', 'site assets', 'maintenance', 'algoWatt S.p.A.', 'Euronext Milan market', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'leading Italian bank', 'other company systems', 'GreenTech Solutions Company', 'important framework agreement', 'corrective maintenance phase', 'evolutionary maintenance phase', 'maintenance teams', 'asset maintenance', 'technological systems', 'air-conditioning systems', 'remote-control solutions', 'proprietary platform', 'remote control', 'consumption monitoring', 'application assistance', 'new functionalities', 'massive scheduling', 'undue switch', 'significant effect', 'energy consumption', 'efficient planning', 'asset management', 'offices', 'Italy', 'force', 'March', 'performance', 'activities', 'support', 'implementation', 'interface', 'interaction', 'installations', 'detection', 'anomalies', 'reduction', 'buildings']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23568,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Sud-Vannier-wind-farm-produces-its-first-kilowatt-hours-43623692/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours,(marketscreener.com) Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours Voltalia   an international player in renewable energies  reinforces its local presence in the Grand-Est region in France and announces the commissioning of Sud Vannier wind farm. Wi…,Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hoursVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  reinforces its local presence in the Grand-Est region in France and announces the commissioning of Sud Vannier wind farm.With a capacity of 23.6 megawatts  Sud Vannier project is Voltalia’s first wind farm in the Grand-Est region and the third wind farm in the North-East quarter of France after Sarry (23.1 megawatts) and Molinons (10 megawatts) wind farms.The electricity produced will be sold to Leroy Merlin under a 23-year contract  the first Corporate PPA1 wind farm in France.The production of this project is equivalent to the domestic consumption of about 26 000 people  approximately 15% of the population of the Haute-Marne department.The Grand-Est region has important objectives in terms of renewable energy supply: to be energy positive and low carbon by 2050.Next on the agenda: Turnover Q1 2023  on April 26  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 14.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance. As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 550 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed in compartment A of the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA). The company is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index of responsible mid-caps. Loan Duong  Directrice Communications & Relations investisseursEmail : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement  a long-term contract for the supply of renewable electricity that directly links the producer  a power plant  to the final consumer of the electricity  a company.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Sud Vannier wind farm', 'first kilowatt hours', 'first Corporate PPA1 wind farm', '1 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement', 'Sud Vannier wind farm', 'first kilowatt hours Voltalia', 'first wind farm', 'third wind farm', 'Sud Vannier project', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy projects', 'Euronext regulated market', 'renewable energy supply', 'The Grand-Est region', 'corporate market', 'wind farms', 'power plant', 'renewable energies', 'The Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'local presence', 'North-East quarter', 'Leroy Merlin', '23-year contract', 'domestic consumption', 'Haute-Marne department', 'important objectives', 'low carbon', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'compartment A', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible mid-caps', 'Loan Duong', 'Directrice Communications', 'Relations investisseurs', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'long-term contract', 'final consumer', 'renewable electricity', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'investor clients', 'local production', 'green electricity', 'France', 'commissioning', '23.6 megawatts', 'Sarry', 'Molinons', '26,000 people', 'population', 'terms', 'agenda', 'Turnover', 'April', 'operation', 'construction', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '14.2 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'Email', 'T.', 'producer', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23569,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2653048/0/en/DELTA-DRONE-Availability-of-the-2022-annual-financial-contribution.html,DELTA DRONE : Availability of the 2022 annual financial contribution,DELTA DRONE    Availability of the 2022 annual financial contribution   Dardilly  24 April 2023 at 6 p.m.   Delta Drone announces that it has made......,"English FrenchDELTA DRONEAvailability of the 2022 annual financial contributionDardilly  24 April 2023 at 6 p.m.Delta Drone announces that it has made available to the public and filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers its annual financial report as of December 31  2022.The 2022 annual financial report can be consulted on the website of the company DELTA DRONE under the heading ""Financial Reports"" at the following address:https://www.deltadrone.com/finance/About Delta Drone : The Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the sector of civil drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris – ISIN code: FR0014009LP0www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts:AELIUM Jerome Gacoin +33 1 75 77 54 65 jgacoin@aelium.frAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['2022 annual financial contribution', 'DELTA DRONE', 'Availability', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'The Delta Drone Group', 'complete value chain', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'AELIUM Jerome Gacoin', '2022 annual financial contribution', 'annual financial report', 'Delta Drone shares', 'Financial Reports', 'drone technology', 'English French', 'following address', 'international player', 'civil drones', 'professional use', 'professional solutions', 'associated services', 'ISIN code', 'Investor contacts', 'Availability', 'Dardilly', '24 April', 'public', 'December', 'website', 'company', 'heading', 'deltadrone', 'sector', 'range', 'Attachment', '6']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23570,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2653364/0/en/Cellectis-Implements-CLLS52-for-the-First-Time-in-the-Clinic-with-Sanofi-s-Alemtuzumab.html,Cellectis Implements CLLS52 for the First Time in the Clinic with Sanofi’s Alemtuzumab,NEW YORK  April 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced it has …,Cellectis demonstrated that the addition of alemtuzumab to the lymphodepletion regimen was associated with prolonged lymphodepletion and significantly higher cell expansion and clinical activityNEW YORK  April 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced it has implemented the use of alemtuzumab as a Cellectis Investigational Medicinal Product (IMP)  coded as CLLS52  as part of the lymphodepletion regimen for UCART22 in the BALLI-01 clinical trial in relapsed/refractory B-cell ALL  for UCART123 in the AMELI-01 clinical trial in relapsed/refractory AML  and for UCART20x22 in the NatHaLi-01 clinical trial in relapsed/refractory B-cell NHL.In May 2021  Cellectis entered into partnership and supply agreements with Sanofi regarding alemtuzumab. Under the agreements  Sanofi is supplying alemtuzumab to support Cellectis’ clinical trials and the parties agreed to enter into discussions to execute a commercial supply of alemtuzumab under pre-agreed financial conditions.“As previously reported  the importance of alemtuzumab in the lymphodepletion regimen was demonstrated in our BALLI-01 and AMELI-01 studies  where the addition of this lymphodepletion agent to the fludarabine and cyclophosphamide regimen was associated with sustained lymphodepletion and significantly higher UCART cell expansion allowing for greater clinical activity. We believe these encouraging outcomes are a meaningful step forward to a safe  effective  and controllable therapeutic window for our allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidates ” said Mark Frattini  M.D.  Ph.D.  Chief Medical Officer at Cellectis.Cellectis is the inventor of the combination of CD52 knockout UCART cells with a lymphodepleting regimen containing an anti-CD52 antibody such as alemtuzumab. The CD52 knockout aims to render UCART product candidates resistant to alemtuzumab as part of the lymphodepleting regimen. Patients’ lymphodepleting regimens reduce host immune cells and should improve allogeneic CAR T-cell expansion and persistence. Cellectis’ UCART22  UCART123 and UCART20x22 product candidates have the CD52 gene inactivated by TALEN® gene editing technology.To access Cellectis’ 2022 ASH data release and Live Webcast release announcing positive preliminary data from the BALLI-01 and AMELI-01 clinical studies  click here: https://cellectis.com/en/press/cellectis-announces-positive-preliminary-clinical-data-for-ucart22-in-all-and-ucart123-in-aml/About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS). For more information  visit www.cellectis.com. Follow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTubeForward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could ” “would” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about advancement  timing and progress of clinical trials  the adequacy and continuity of supply of clinical supply and alemtuzumab  the ability of an anti-CD52 as alemtuzumab to improve any efficacy and the potential benefit of UCART product candidates. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relation contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.16,0.49,True,English,"['First Time', 'Cellectis', 'CLLS52', 'Clinic', 'Sanofi', 'Alemtuzumab', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidates', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell expansion', 'biopharmaceutical product candidate development', 'many other important factors', 'Cellectis Investigational Medicinal Product', 'higher UCART cell expansion', 'Cellectis’ 2022 ASH data release', 'applicable securities laws', 'higher cell expansion', 'UCART product candidates', 'life-changing product candidates', 'positive preliminary data', 'product development plans', 'refractory B-cell NHL', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Live Webcast release', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'unmet medical needs', 'UCART20x22 product candidates', 'NatHaLi-01 clinical trial', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'relapsed/refractory B-cell ALL', 'controllable therapeutic window', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'AMELI-01 clinical trial', 'greater clinical activity', 'host immune cells', 'Nasdaq Global Market', '® gene editing technology', 'Patients’ lymphodepleting regimens', 'AMELI-01 clinical studies', 'BALLI-01 clinical trial', 'Cellectis’ clinical trials', 'UCART cells', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR T-cells', 'AMELI-01 studies', 'immune system', 'press release', 'therapeutic gene', 'life-saving cell', 'cancer patients', 'operating plans', 'clinical supply', 'various factors', 'gene therapies', 'CD52 gene', 'lymphodepletion regimen', 'prolonged lymphodepletion', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'relapsed/refractory AML', 'financial conditions', 'lymphodepletion agent', 'cyclophosphamide regimen', 'sustained lymphodepletion', 'encouraging outcomes', 'meaningful step', 'Mark Frattini', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'CD52 knockout', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'North Carolina', 'social media', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'potential benefit', 'numerous risks', 'cash runway', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'commercial supply', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'anti-CD52 antibody', 'various diseases', 'supply agreements', 'Cellectis’ UCART22', 'addition', 'alemtuzumab', 'April', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'use', 'part', 'UCART123', 'May', 'Sanofi', 'discussions', 'importance', 'fludarabine', 'inventor', 'combination', 'persistence', 'positive-preliminary-clinical-data', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', '23 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'words', 'negative', 'management', 'assumptions', 'advancement', 'timing', 'progress', 'adequacy', 'continuity', 'ability', 'efficacy', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'respect', 'result']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HERIGE-110711922/news/Herige-HERIGE-Group-strengthens-the-management-of-its-joinery-business-ATLANTEM-with-two-upc-43623378/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Herige :  HERIGE Group strengthens the management of its joinery business  ATLANTEM  with two upcoming appointments: Bruno Cadudal  Chairman and Richard Marchant  new Chief Executive Officer,(marketscreener.com)  HERIGE continues to follow the roadmap initiated by its Chairman Benoît Hennaut  based on environmental  human  financial and digital transformation and performance on a global scale. The latest changes to the Group's organization will…,"HERIGE continues to follow the roadmap initiated by its Chairman Benoît Hennaut  based on environmental  human  financial and digital transformation and performance on a global scale. The latest changes to the Group's organization will reinforce the management of its industrial joinery business  ATLANTEM. As of May 4  2023  a major change – reflective of the Group's ambitions – will see two new appointments:Bruno Cadudal is appointed Chairman of ATLANTEMHaving played a major role in ATLANTEM's growth over his twenty years within the Group  he will represent the business' key development challenges.With his extensive knowledge of the sector and its players  he will guide and support the Canadian businesses and the carpentry sector in achieving their strategic ambitions. He will continue his roles as Chairman of UFME and as director at eco?organization Valobat. Bruno Cadudal will play a pivotal role in rolling out the circular economy. This significant new move demonstrates HERIGE's commitment to CSR  an essential component of the development model of the Group and its subsidiaries.Richard Marchant takes over as Chief Executive Officer of ATLANTEMAs head of the business' management committee  he will steer its transformation  development and operational performance. With the support of an active management team  he will ensure that the objectives and commercial and industrial performance plans are implemented effectively  and will define the necessary investments  in line with the Group's strategic priorities. Richard Marchant will continue the integration of recent acquisitions (Activence  MGT  Poralu and Coferm'ing). He will develop innovation  digital and branding.Accelerating transformation for sustainable and profitable growth""From the outset  HERIGE Group has regularly adapted its organization to cement its performance and lasting future in constantly changing environments. We must optimize the operating models of each of our businesses and strengthen synergies within the Group to ensure profitable growth. Our foundational and mobilizing projects include: the ""VM is back"" roadmap set out by Éric Rouet  Chief Executive Officer of VM MATERIAUX  the operating model set up at EDYCEM by its Chief Executive Officer Olivier Collin  and the numerous acquisitions that consolidate our positioning and bring a new dimension to the Group. The reinforcement of ATLANTEM's management team will help us to achieve our ambitions and to meet the future challenges of our roadmap."" Benoît Hennaut  Chairman of the Executive Board of HERIGERichard Marchant: solid industry experienceA graduate of Polytechnique (X97) and ENSTA  Richard Marchant  45  began his career in industrial Supply Chain roles. He then spent over a decade working at the Vallourec Group  where he initially held the position of Corporate Controller  in charge of acquisitions and investments  particularly in the United States and the Middle East. He went on to manage the company's drilling activity in the United Arab Emirates. Three years later  he took over the management of an international business unit in France  composed of several subsidiaries and sales offices (revenue of €300 million).He then joined the Chargeurs Group  within the Novacel Protective Films business line (revenue of €320 million). Soon promoted to head up the company  he led its organic growth  driving its digital transformation (e-commerce platform  new ERP) and launching new green circular economy offers.In 2021  he joined the Eurofins Group as Chief Executive Officer of the Food & Feed Testing activities across several countries  including France  as part of a significant revitalization and optimization drive.With his visionary profile and experience in transformation projects and international trade  Richard Marchant is ideally placed to meet HERIGE Group and Atlantem's challenges and ambitions.All our financial communications are available on our website: www.groupe-herige.fr/enAbout HERIGEHERIGE Group focuses on three sectors of the building industry: Building Materials Trading  the Concrete Industry and Industrial Joinery. Originally based in the Vendée region  HERIGE currently employs around 3 000 people and has a strong presence in Western France.HERIGE is listed on Euronext GrowthPEA/PME eligibleIndices: EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS  EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE  ENTERNEXT©PEA-PME 150ISIN FR0000066540  Ticker: ALHRG  Reuters ALHRG.PAHERIGEBenoît Hennaut – Chairman of the Executive BoardCaroline Lutinier – Head of Group Communication & CSRTel.: +33 (0)2 51 08 08 08E-mail: communication@groupe-herige.frACTUS finance & communicationCorinne Puissant – Analyst/Investor RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 – E-mail: cpuissant@actus.frAnne-Catherine Bonjour – Press RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 – E-mail: acbonjour@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xWecZ5pulWjJym1pYpqXnJVpaJdmmWGaamiXnGFxZ5yUbm1oym5jmZvIZnBqmW5v- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79499-cp_herige_des_nominations_majeures_au_sein_de_l_activite_atlantem_vdef_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['new Chief Executive Officer', 'two upcoming appointments', 'joinery business', 'Bruno Cadudal', 'Richard Marchant', 'HERIGE Group', 'management', 'ATLANTEM', 'Chairman', 'Novacel Protective Films business line', 'new green circular economy offers', 'industrial Supply Chain roles', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE', 'Chairman Benoît Hennaut', ""business' key development challenges"", 'EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS', 'industrial joinery business', 'two new appointments', 'international business unit', 'Feed Testing activities', 'Vendée region', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'environmental, human, financial', 'significant new move', ""business' management committee"", 'United Arab Emirates', 'Building Materials Trading', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'industrial performance plans', 'eco?organization Valobat', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'active management team', 'solid industry experience', 'new dimension', 'new ERP', 'building industry', 'Executive Board', 'United States', 'significant revitalization', 'international trade', 'financial communications', 'development model', 'future challenges', 'Concrete Industry', 'profitable growth', 'organic growth', 'global scale', 'latest changes', 'major change', 'Bruno Cadudal', 'major role', 'twenty years', 'extensive knowledge', 'pivotal role', 'essential component', 'Richard Marchant', 'strategic priorities', 'lasting future', 'changing environments', 'operating models', 'mobilizing projects', 'Éric Rouet', 'Olivier Collin', 'Corporate Controller', 'Middle East', 'drilling activity', 'sales offices', 'e-commerce platform', 'several countries', 'optimization drive', 'visionary profile', 'three sectors', 'strong presence', 'Caroline Lutinier', 'Corinne Puissant', 'Investor Relations', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'Press Relations', 'operational performance', 'recent acquisitions', 'numerous acquisitions', 'transformation projects', 'Canadian businesses', 'carpentry sector', 'necessary investments', 'VM MATERIAUX', 'Vallourec Group', 'several subsidiaries', 'Chargeurs Group', 'Eurofins Group', 'Reuters ALHRG', 'Western France', 'ACTUS finance', 'digital transformation', 'strategic ambitions', 'Group Communication', 'HERIGE Group', 'roadmap', 'ATLANTEM.', 'May', 'players', 'UFME', 'director', 'commitment', 'CSR', 'head', 'support', 'objectives', 'commercial', 'integration', 'Activence', 'MGT', 'Poralu', 'Coferm', 'innovation', 'branding', 'sustainable', 'outset', 'synergies', 'foundational', 'EDYCEM', 'positioning', 'reinforcement', 'graduate', 'Polytechnique', 'ENSTA', 'career', 'decade', 'company', 'revenue', 'Food', 'part', 'website', '3,000 people', 'PEA/PME', 'Indices', '©PEA-PME', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'Tel.', 'mail', 'groupe', 'cpuissant', 'acbonjour', 'publication', 'informatio', '2', '1']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2652375/0/en/Nicox-2023-Ordinary-Shareholder-Meeting-to-be-held-on-June-1st-2023.html,Nicox: 2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting to be held on June 1st  2023,Press ReleaseNicox: 2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting to be held on June 1st  2023April 24  2023 – release at 7:30 am CET Sophia Antipolis  FranceNicox...,Press ReleaseNicox: 2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting to be held on June 1st  2023April 24  2023 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  convenes an ordinary shareholder meeting on Thursday June 1  2023 at 2:00 pm CEST in the offices of BuroClub - Drakkar 2 - Bâtiment D - 2405 route des Dolines - 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis - France.The documents mentioned in articles R.22.10-23 of the French Code de commerce  including a proxy voting form  will be sent to the shareholders upon written request. These documents will also be made available to shareholders at the headquarters of the Company and on its website (www.nicox.com) by May 11  2023.Shareholders may vote by proxy  by internet or by attending the shareholder meeting in person. A guide explaining how to vote  and notably how to vote by internet  is available on the Company’s website. Shareholders may also contact the Company’s Investor Relations team at ag2023nicox@nicox.com for any question on the voting process.In the event the quorum is not reached on first call  Nicox will convene an ordinary shareholder meeting on a second call on Thursday June 15  2023 at 2:00 pm CEST in the offices of BuroClub - Drakkar 2 - Bâtiment D - 2405 route des Dolines - 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis – FranceAbout NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728  a nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor  in retinal conditions. NCX 4251  a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease  is being developed by Ocumension Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals  LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co.  Ltd.)  in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox is headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment C: Mid Caps; Ticker symbol: COX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare index.For more information on Nicox  its products or pipeline  please visit: www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceEdison Investment Research Pooya Hemami London  UKH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.Kepler Cheuvreux Arsene Guekam Paris  FranceThe views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.ContactsNicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the ‘Document d’enregistrement universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021’ filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022 whose first amendment has been filed with the AMF on May 19  2022  in the 2nd chapter of the second amendment filed with the AMF on November 22  2022 and in the 2nd chapter of the Securities noted filed with the AMF on November 22  2022 which are available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.26,0.64,True,English,"['2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'Nicox', 'June', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Gavin Spencer Executive Vice President', 'Co Yi Chen New York', 'French Code de commerce', 'novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost', 'nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor', 'novel, patented, ophthalmic suspension', 'Co Eric Yoo Paris', 'France Edison Investment Research', '2405 route des Dolines', 'Santen Pharmaceutical Co.', 'Bâtiment D', 'Investor Relations team', 'fluticasone propionate nanocrystals', 'dry eye disease', 'exclusive license agreement', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CAC Healthcare index', 'Pooya Hemami London', 'Arsene Guekam Paris', '2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'topical ocular application', '06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis', 'Chief Business Officer', 'rapport financier annuel', 'Nicox S.A.', 'international ophthalmology company', 'proxy voting form', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Press Release Nicox', 'U.S.', 'Euronext Paris', 'voting process', 'Compartment C', 'ocular health', 'ocular hypertension', 'first call', 'second call', 'innovative solutions', 'lead program', 'clinical development', 'intraocular pressure', 'retinal conditions', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'multiple geographies', 'Eyevance Pharmaceuticals', 'Mid Caps', 'Ticker symbol', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Corporate Development', 'prior notice', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'material effect', '3rd chapter', 'enregistrement universel', 'first amendment', '2nd chapter', 'second amendment', 'Nicox SA', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'Analyst coverage', 'analyst reports', 'Contacts Nicox', 'Risks factors', 'June', 'April', 'CET', 'Thursday', 'offices', 'BuroClub', 'Drakkar', 'documents', 'articles', 'shareholders', 'written', 'request', 'headquarters', 'website', 'May', 'internet', 'person', 'guide', 'question', 'event', 'quorum', 'vision', 'NCX', 'patients', 'China', 'revenue', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'ZERVIATE®', 'subsidiary', 'Chinese', 'majority', 'information', 'products', 'pipeline', 'Bryan', 'Garnier', 'UK', 'views', 'analysts', 'author', 'obligation', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'affiliates', 'directors', 'officers', 'employees', 'advisers', 'agents', 'updates', 'gestion', 'AMF', 'November', 'Securities', '7:30', '2:00']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notifications-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC-43623934/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – April 24  2023 – 8.00 PM CET Oxurion NV a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal d…,"Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – April 24  2023 – 8.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received transparency notifications as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on April 14  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of March 23  2023  it held 11 055 598 shares of the then outstanding 603 716 557 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.Oxurion received a transparency notification on April 19  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of March 30  2023  it held 7 055 741 shares of the then outstanding 632 659 186 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of sale of voting securities. See Annex 2.Oxurion received a transparency notification on April 14  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of April 12  2023  it held 15 407 185 shares of the then outstanding 659 387 625 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of sale of voting securities. See Annex 3.In addition  on April 14  2021  Oxurion announced the receipt on April 12  2023  of a transparency notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of April 11  2023  Atlas held 26 728 439 shares of the then outstanding 632 659 186 shares and therefore had crossed above the threshold (3%) by virtue of the acquisition of voting securities. The correct transaction date for this notice was however April 5  2023. See Annex 4.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2ANNEX 3ANNEX 4Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.11,0.64,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notifications', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'correct transaction date', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notifications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'outstanding 603,716,557 shares', 'outstanding 632,659,186 shares', 'ANNEX 4 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '11,055,598 shares', '7,055,741 shares', '15,407,185 shares', '659,387,625 shares', '26,728,439 shares', 'ANNEX 1', 'ANNEX 2', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'April', 'March', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'sale', 'receipt', 'acquisition', 'notice', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '8.00']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-appoints-Group-Head-of-Internal-Audit-43621277/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,VEON appoints Group Head of Internal Audit,(marketscreener.com) Jagan Mohan to join VEON’s Leadership Team in his new role following the Group’s CFO transition Amsterdam  24 April 2023 - VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces it …,Jagan Mohan to join VEON’s Leadership Team in his new role following the Group’s CFO transitionAmsterdam  24 April 2023 - VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces it has appointed Jagan Mohan  its current Group Director of Internal Audit  as the Group Head of Internal Audit  effective 1st May. This complements the Group Chief Financial Officer transition where Joop Brakenhoff  currently VEON’s current Chief Internal Audit and Ethics & Compliance Officer  will assume the role of Group Chief Financial Officer also on 1st May 2023.In this new role  Jagan Mohan will report functionally to Michiel Soeting  the Chairman of VEON’s Audit and Risk Committee  and operationally to Kaan Terzioglu  our Group CEO.Jagan comes into this role with 25 years of experience in external and internal audit across various industries  including telecoms  FMCG  hospitality and real estate  and across various geographies. He has been with VEON since February 2019  and worked extensively with Joop Brakenhoff and VEON’s internal audit teams across the Group to develop and execute VEON’s audit strategy.“Protecting value is as central to our operations as creating value for all our stakeholders and our internal audit function has an indispensable role in this. We are very pleased to welcome Jagan to the Leadership Team. I look forward to continuing to work with him in his new role  constantly improving our governance standards and operations with the support of our internal audit function.” said Kaan Terzioglu  VEON Group CEO.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the closing of the transactions described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the initiatives referred to above will be successful.Contact informationFor VEON:Anna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comFor TUVA:Julian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.11,0.5,True,English,"['Group Head', 'Internal Audit', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'Group Chief Financial Officer transition', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'current Chief Internal Audit', 'current Group Director', 'global digital operator', 'six dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'internal audit teams', 'internal audit function', 'VEON Group CEO', 'Compliance Officer', 'CFO transition', 'Group Head', 'audit strategy', 'Leadership Team', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'Joop Brakenhoff', '1st May', 'Michiel Soeting', 'Risk Committee', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'various industries', 'real estate', 'various geographies', 'governance standards', '160 million customers', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'looking statement', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'new role', 'indispensable role', 'Jagan Mohan', 'Protecting value', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact information', 'Julian Tanner', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'April', 'NASDAQ', 'Ethics', 'Chairman', '25 years', 'experience', 'external', 'telecoms', 'FMCG', 'hospitality', 'February', 'operations', 'stakeholders', 'support', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'closing', 'transactions', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'forward', 'circumstances', 'assurance', 'initiatives', 'TUVA']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LINEDATA-SERVICES-4770/news/Linedata-Services-Q1-2023-revenue-41-7-million-2-9--43623178/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Linedata Services: Q1 2023 revenue: 41.7 million (+2.9%),(marketscreener.com) Linedata ServicesLinedata Services: Q1 2023 revenue: €41.7 million 24-Apr-2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcem…,Q1 2023 revenue: €41.7 million (+2.9%)Q1 2022 Q1 2023* Change Change at constant exchange rates ASSET MANAGEMENT 27.3 29.1 +6.3% +4.7% LENDING & LEASING 12.8 12.6 -0.8% -0.9% TOTAL LINEDATA 40.1 41.7 +4.0% +2.9% (*) These figures do not include Audaxys.Neuilly-sur-Seine  24 April 2023 – Linedata (Euronext Paris: LIN)  the global solutions and outsourcing services provider to the investment management and credit finance industries  generated revenue of €41.7 million in the first quarter of 2023  growing by 4.0% compared to the first quarter of 2022. Adjusted for exchange rate movements  organic growth was 2.9%  confirming an upward trend of +1.3 percentage points compared with organic growth in the first quarter of 2022.Recurring revenue also increased by 3% in reported terms and 2% in organic terms. It represented 79% of total revenue.Sales activity remained dynamic with an order intake of €20.1 million  that is an increase of 8.9% compared to Q1 2022  driven by both business segments.Performance by segment:ASSET MANAGEMENT (Q1: €29.1 million  +6.3%)In Q1 2023  Asset Management continued its growth trajectory  posting an increase of 6.3% in reported terms.The Software business achieved almost stable revenue of €21.2 million. Revenue for Front Office solutions was up 7.9%  driven by continued migrations to new platforms.The Services division maintained its robust momentum  delivering strong quarterly revenue growth of 32.0%. This steady upward trend over the last two years is underpinned by the innovation behind Linedata's co-sourcing solution for fund managers.LENDING & LEASING (Q1: €12.6 million  -0.8%)Revenue for the first quarter of 2023 stood at €12.6 million  almost stable compared to the same period in 2022. Sales activity was solid in North America where revenue increased by 4.9%.OutlookFor the coming months and with continuing uncertainties affecting the economic outlook  Linedata is pursuing its objective to maintain organic growth.Next communication: H1 2023 revenue on 24 July 2023 after trading.ABOUT LINEDATAWith 25 years’ experience and 700+ clients in 50 countries  Linedata’s 1100 employees in 20 offices provide global humanized technology solutions and services for the asset management and credit industries that help its clients to evolve and to operate at the highest levels.Headquartered in France  Linedata achieved revenues of EUR 172.7 million in 2022 and is listed on Euronext Paris compartment B FR0004156297-LIN – Reuters LDSV.PA – Bloomberg LIN:FP.www.linedata.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Linedata Services', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'global humanized technology solutions', 'strong quarterly revenue growth', 'constant exchange rates', 'exchange rate movements', 'Front Office solutions', 'The Software business', 'last two years', 'outsourcing services provider', 'The Services division', 'credit finance industries', 'steady upward trend', 'Euronext Paris compartment', 'global solutions', 'credit industries', 'business segments', '25 years’ experience', 'organic growth', 'growth trajectory', 'Change Change', 'ASSET MANAGEMENT', 'investment management', 'first quarter', '+1.3 percentage points', 'Sales activity', 'order intake', 'continued migrations', 'new platforms', 'robust momentum', 'sourcing solution', 'fund managers', 'same period', 'North America', 'coming months', 'continuing uncertainties', 'Next communication', 'highest levels', 'Reuters LDSV', 'Recurring revenue', 'total revenue', 'stable revenue', 'H1 2023 revenue', 'economic outlook', '700+ clients', 'organic terms', 'Bloomberg LIN', 'TOTAL LINEDATA', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'LENDING', 'LEASING', 'figures', 'Audaxys', 'Seine', 'April', 'increase', 'Performance', 'innovation', 'objective', '24 July', 'trading', '50 countries', '1100 employees', '20 offices', 'France', 'revenues']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2652437/0/en/Tarkett-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-April-21-2023.html,Tarkett - Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023,Paris (France)  April 24  2023 – Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023  The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett was held on Friday...,"English FrenchParis (France)  April 24  2023 – Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett was held on Friday April 21  2023 at 9h30 a.m. at the Auditorium located in the ground floor of the Company’s registered address (Tour Initiale – 1  Terrasse Bellini – 92919 Paris la Défense)  chaired by Eric La Bonnardière  Chairman of the Supervisory Board.Quorum was established at 95.27% and 39 shareholders were present  represented or voted by correspondence.All resolutions were adopted by the Shareholders’ Meeting  notably:The approval of the Company’s and consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2022 as well as the allocation of the Company’s result to the “Retained Earnings” account;The renewal of the mandates as members of the Supervisory Board of Didier Michaud-Daniel and Françoise Leroy as well as the ratification of the appointments by cooptation as members of the Supervisory Board of Marine Charles et Tina Mayn;The approval of all resolutions related to the remuneration of the Company’s corporate officers;The financial delegations granted to the Management Board.The detailed results of the votes are available on the Company's website www.tarkett-group.com in the ""General Shareholders’ Meeting 2023"" section.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ‘The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Tarkett', 'April', 'Eric La Bonnardière', 'Paris la Défense', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Retained Earnings” account', 'Françoise Leroy', 'Investor Relations Contact', '25 R&D centers', 'Euronext regulated market', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', 'The Way', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'The Group', 'English French', '9h30 a', 'ground floor', 'registered address', 'Tour Initiale', 'Terrasse Bellini', 'Supervisory Board', 'financial statements', 'Didier Michaud-Daniel', 'Marine Charles', 'Tina Mayn', 'corporate officers', 'financial delegations', 'Management Board', 'detailed results', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', '39 shareholders', 'France', 'April', 'Friday', 'Auditorium', 'Company', 'Chairman', 'Quorum', 'correspondence', 'resolutions', 'approval', 'Fiscal 2022', 'allocation', 'renewal', 'mandates', 'members', 'ratification', 'appointments', 'cooptation', 'remuneration', 'votes', 'website', 'tarkett-group', 'section', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-ECONOCOM-Payment-schedule-for-the-redemption-of-issue-premium-of-EUR-0-16-p-43623208/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Econocom Group Se :  ECONOCOM: Payment schedule for the redemption of issue premium of EUR 0.16 per share,(marketscreener.com)  Payment schedule for the redemption of issue premiumof EUR 0.16 per shareThe Extraordinary General Meeting held on 31 March 2023 has approved the redemption of issue premium treated as paid-up capital  for an amount of EUR 0.16 per …,"Payment schedulefor the redemption of issue premiumof EUR 0.16 per shareThe Extraordinary General Meeting held on 31 March 2023 has approved the redemption of issue premium treated as paid-up capital  for an amount of EUR 0.16 per share.In accordance with Article 7:209 of the Belgian Code on Companies and Associations  the detachment of the coupon entitling to the redemption of the issue premium takes place as of  at least  a two-month period following the publication of the decision of the General Meeting in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette.The detachment date (ex-date) is set for 30 June 2023.The record-date is set for 3 July 2023.The payment date (pay-date) is set for 4 July 2023.The redemption will be carried by the paying agent Euroclear Belgium.ABOUT ECONOCOMEconocom is a digital general contractor (DGC). The group conceives  finances and facilitates the digital transformation of large firms and public organisations. It has 50 years' experience and is the only market player offering versatile expertise through a combination of project financing  equipment distribution and digital services. The group operates in 16 countries  with over 8 750 employees. It made €2 718m in revenue in 2022. Econocom is listed on Euronext in Brussels  on the BEL Mid and Family Business indexes.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comFollow us on LinkedIn and Twitter ?Investor and shareholder relations contact:benhjamin.pehau@econocom.comPress relations contact:info@capvalue.frTel. +33 (0)1 80 81 50 01This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l5pyZpRpZZqZm3CdYZtlmZVrnJqXk2DKaWWXl2qaZJvJmnCSxZtibJjHZnBqmW5m- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79490-pr-payment-schedule-issue-premium-2023.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Payment schedule', 'issue premium', 'Econocom Group', 'redemption', 'EUR', 'share', 'The Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Family Business indexes', 'shareholder relations contact', 'Press relations contact', 'original press release', 'Belgian State Gazette', 'next press releases', 'digital general contractor', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Belgian Code', 'other releases', 'digital transformation', 'digital services', 'Payment schedule', 'issue premium', 'up capital', 'two-month period', 'paying agent', 'Euroclear Belgium', 'large firms', 'public organisations', ""50 years' experience"", 'market player', 'versatile expertise', 'project financing', 'equipment distribution', 'BEL Mid', 'payment date', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'detachment date', 'redemption', '31 March', 'amount', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'coupon', 'place', 'publication', 'decision', 'Annexes', '30 June', 'record-date', '3 July', 'pay-date', '4 July', 'ECONOCOM', 'DGC', 'group', 'finances', 'combination', '16 countries', '8,750 employees', 'revenue', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'MORE', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Investor', 'capvalue', 'Tel.', 'Full', 'PDF', 'pr-payment-schedule-issue', 'email', 'company']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2653035/0/en/LUMIBIRD-8-GROWTH-FOR-THE-FIRST-QUARTER-OF-2023.html,LUMIBIRD: 8% GROWTH FOR THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2023,Lannion  24 April 2023 – 17:45  8% GROWTH FOR THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2023  The Lumibird Group (FR0000038242 - LBIRD)  the European leader for laser......,English FrenchLannion  24 April 2023 – 17:458% GROWTH FOR THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2023The Lumibird Group (FR0000038242 - LBIRD)  the European leader for laser technologies  recorded 8% growth in consolidated revenues for the first quarter of 2023  at 40.9M€.Consolidated revenues (unaudited)Revenues (€m) 2023 2022 Reported change 2023at constant scope and exch rates 1 Change at constant scope and exch rates First quarter 40.9 38.0 +8% 41 2 9% of which Photonics 18.4 17.3 +6% 18 6 7% Medical 22.5 20.6 +9% 22 6 10%The Lumibird Group’s consolidated revenues came to €40.9m at March 31  2023  up 8% (9% at constant exchange rates).By Market SegmentThe Photonics division grew by 6% (+7% at constant exchange rate) and the 2023 target is expected to be achieved. Due to the move to the new site in Villejust  Paris  the manufacturing site production levels were reduced by one-third in the first quarter. This impacted Industrial and Scientific Revenue which was 5.4m  31% lower than the comparative period. The Paris plant is now fully operational and will support the strong demand for the year 2023. Compared to Q1 2021  Lidar was up 6% (€5.2m) and the Defense and Space segment grew 70% to 7.8m  including the laser rangefinder business developed in Sweden since May 2022 (€2.8m).The Medical division grew by 9% to €22.5m. The division’s sales are split between Diagnostic (24%) and Treatment (76%). The first quarter was very active in terms of sales and marketing activities for both segments (worldwide products launches  keys congress in Asia and South America) and the new Slovenian site is now fully operational and will support the strong demand for the year 2023. The Laser product range was fueled by the launch of the new Neo family of products while the adoption of the Ultrasound product range continues to grow in new markets as Lumibird Medical receives new approvals.By GeographyThe breakdown of sales by division and by geographical area is as follows:Revenues (M€) Photonics Var. Medical Var. EMEA 9.8 +20% 7.5 +13% Americas 3.3 -11% 6.3 +5% APAC 4.0 +1% 5.9 +8% Rest of the world 1.3 -34% 2.9 +40% Total 18.4 +6% 22.5 +9%Unaudited dataThe Photonics Division recorded strong growth in Europe (+20%). This was led by France.The Medical Division also recorded strong growth in Europe (+13%). This was led by Central Europe and the UK. In Asia Pacific we saw strong performance by Japan and Australia.OutlookLUMIBIRD continues to have a strong order book – for Photonics and Medical – thanks to a portfolio of strong technological value-added products and a global commercial footprint.Within the Group's current scope  the objectives remain an organic revenue growth of 8-10% and an EBITDA margin in the range of 20% to 25%. The Group continues to be active on potential acquisition opportunities. If they were to be completed in 2023  the Group could reach an annual turnover (including the contribution of the acquired businesses over 12 months) of up to EUR 250 million. Some of these potential acquisitions may be dilutive on EBITDA  which would bring down to 18-23% the Group’s FY EBITDA margin (including the contribution of acquired businesses over 12 months) in the first year of acquisition.Next date:Annual general meeting: 28 April 2023  14h00 (Les Ulis)LUMIBIRD is one of the world's leading specialists in lasers. With 50 years of experience and a mastering of solid state laser  laser diodes and fiber laser technologies  the Group designs  manufactures and markets high performance lasers for scientific (laboratories and universities)  industrial (manufacturing  defense  Lidar sensors) and medical (ophthalmology  ultrasound diagnostic) markets.Born from the combination of Keopsys Group with Quantel in October 2017  LUMIBIRD has more than 940 employees and over €191 million of consolidated revenues in 2022 and is present in Europe  America and Asia.LUMIBIRD shares are listed on the Euronext Paris B Compartment. FR0000038242 – LBIRD www.lumibird.comSince 2022  LUMIBIRD is part of Euronext Tech Leaders1 Lumibird Photonics Sweden is included in the scope of consolidation from 2021. The revenue developed by this subsidiary since the integration of the Saab Group's defence laser rangefinder activities in May 2022 is included in organic revenue. It amounted to €5.7m in 2022. There is no scope effect in Q1 2023.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,0.99,True,English,"['FIRST QUARTER', 'LUMIBIRD', '8% GROWTH', 'THE', 'Euronext Paris B Compartment', 'manufacturing site production levels', 'defence laser rangefinder activities', 'strong technological value-added products', 'The Laser product range', 'laser rangefinder business', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'English French Lannion', 'global commercial footprint', 'solid state laser', 'worldwide products launches', 'Ultrasound product range', 'constant exchange rate', 'Annual general meeting', 'fiber laser technologies', 'The Paris plant', 'strong order book', 'new Slovenian site', 'new Neo family', 'potential acquisition opportunities', 'FY EBITDA margin', 'high performance lasers', 'The Photonics division', 'The Medical division', 'The Lumibird Group', 'organic revenue growth', '1 Lumibird Photonics Sweden', 'new site', 'marketing activities', 'laser diodes', 'strong performance', 'The Group', 'annual turnover', 'potential acquisitions', 'strong demand', 'new approvals', 'exch rates', 'constant scope', 'strong growth', 'Photonics Var', 'FIRST QUARTER', 'European leader', 'Market Segment', 'comparative period', 'Space segment', 'geographical area', 'Medical Var.', 'Unaudited data', 'Next date', 'Les Ulis', 'leading specialists', 'medical (ophthalmology', 'ultrasound diagnostic', 'new markets', 'Lumibird Medical', 'current scope', 'LUMIBIRD shares', 'scope effect', 'Keopsys Group', 'Saab Group', 'consolidated revenues', 'Scientific Revenue', 'South America', 'Lidar sensors', 'Asia Pacific', 'first year', 'Central Europe', '8% GROWTH', '24 April', 'LBIRD', 'March', '2023 target', 'move', 'Villejust', 'one-third', 'Industrial', 'Q1', 'Defense', 'May', 'sales', 'Treatment', 'terms', 'segments', 'keys', 'congress', 'adoption', 'Geography', 'breakdown', 'EMEA', 'Americas', 'APAC', 'Rest', 'Total', 'France', 'UK', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Outlook', 'portfolio', 'objectives', 'contribution', 'businesses', '12 months', '28 April', '50 years', 'experience', 'mastering', 'laboratories', 'universities', 'combination', 'Quantel', 'October', '940 employees', 'consolidation', 'subsidiary', 'integration', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2652371/0/en/Syngenta-and-Biotalys-enter-into-strategic-partnership-in-biologicals-innovation-to-advance-solutions-for-sustainable-agriculture.html,Syngenta and Biotalys enter into strategic partnership in biologicals innovation to advance solutions for sustainable agriculture,Syngenta to leverage Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology platform to expand insecticide biocontrol pipeline Syngenta to leverage Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology platform to expand insecticide biocontrol pipeline,"Basel  Switzerland / Ghent  Belgium  April 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – Inside informationSyngenta Crop Protection and Biotalys (Euronext – BTLS) today announced a collaboration to research  develop and commercialize new biocontrol solutions to manage key pests in a broad variety of crops. The new solution will be based on Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology and will offer a new mode of action to broaden farmers’ access to novel technologies that counter the threat of pest resistance and advance sustainable agriculture.Under the terms of this partnership  Syngenta will collaborate on a research program with Biotalys  an agricultural technology company focused on protein-based biocontrol solutions  to leverage its AGROBODY™ technology platform for Syngenta’s specific insect targets.“Syngenta is a leader in bringing farmers cutting edge technologies that improve the sustainability of agriculture  and we are excited to work closely with Biotalys as part of our agricultural innovation ecosystem ” said Camilla Corsi  Head of Crop Protection Research at Syngenta Crop Protection. “By combining our proven research and development capabilities with the breakthrough protein-based innovations of the Biotalys AGROBODY™ platform  we are determined to play a pivotal role in addressing critical farmer needs around the globe.”With resistance development and increasing regulatory and environmental pressures  growers are eager to explore innovative and effective biological solutions that limit the impact on the environment and biodiversity. Biotalys has demonstrated the potential of its protein-based biocontrols to deliver novel modes of actions for effective and safe application in food and agriculture. This new partnership allows Biotalys to accelerate the development and global commercialization of innovative crop protection solutions and cement its biocontrol innovation leadership by leveraging the expansive network and capabilities of a global agriculture business.“We are proud and excited to be working with Syngenta  a world-leading agricultural company  on one of the most pressing industry challenges – the development of innovative and effective pest control solutions – by delivering on the promise of our AGROBODY™ technology ” said Patrice Sellès  Chief Executive Officer at Biotalys. “Collaborating with Syngenta is a major milestone in our continued mission to providing growers around the globe with safe  efficient  and more sustainable agricultural solutions.”No further terms or financial specifics are being disclosed.About Syngenta Crop ProtectionSyngenta Crop Protection is a leader in agricultural innovation  bringing breakthrough technologies and solutions that enable farmers to grow productively and sustainably. We offer a leading portfolio of crop protection solutions for plant and soil health  as well as digital solutions that transform the decision-making capabilities of farmers. Our 17 900 employees serve to advance agriculture in more than 90 countries around the world. Syngenta Crop Protection is headquartered in Basel  Switzerland  and is part of the Syngenta Group. Follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/Syngenta  www.twitter.com/SyngentaUS and on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/syngenta.For further information  please contact:Michelle NgHead  External Communicationsmichelle.ng@syngenta.comCautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements SyngentaThis document may contain forward-looking statements  which can be identified by terminology such as ‘expect’  ‘would’  ‘will’  ‘potential’  ‘plans’  ‘prospects’  ‘estimated’  ‘aiming’  ‘on track’ and similar expressions. Such statements may be subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from these statements. For Syngenta  such risks and uncertainties include risks relating to legal proceedings  regulatory approvals  new product development  increasing competition  customer credit risk  general economic and market conditions  compliance and remediation  intellectual property rights  implementation of organizational changes  impairment of intangible assets  consumer perceptions of genetically modified crops and organisms or crop protection chemicals  climatic variations  fluctuations in exchange rates and/or commodity prices  single source supply arrangements  political uncertainty  natural disasters  and breaches of data security or other disruptions of information technology. Syngenta assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results  changed assumptions or other factors.©2023 Syngenta. Rosentalstrasse 67  4058 Basel  Switzerland.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant Notice BiotalysThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.16,0.46,True,English,"['strategic partnership', 'biologicals innovation', 'sustainable agriculture', 'Syngenta', 'Biotalys', 'solutions', 'single source supply arrangements', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'effective pest control solutions', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'innovative crop protection solutions', 'crop protection chemicals', 'specific insect targets', 'critical farmer needs', 'pressing industry challenges', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'customer credit risk', 'intellectual property rights', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'biocontrol innovation leadership', 'effective biological solutions', 'effective product candidates', 'new biocontrol solutions', 'Crop Protection Research', 'breakthrough protein-based innovations', 'cutting edge technologies', 'agricultural innovation ecosystem', 'world-leading agricultural company', 'safer food supply', 'Michelle Ng Head', 'agricultural technology company', 'Syngenta Crop Protection', 'sustainable agricultural solutions', 'Biotalys AGROBODY™ platform', 'new product development', 'global agriculture business', 'novel technologies', 'pest resistance', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'digital solutions', 'breakthrough technologies', 'novel modes', 'AgTech) company', 'global commercialization', 'new solution', 'new mode', 'research program', 'proven research', 'Press release', 'key pests', 'broad variety', 'Camilla Corsi', 'pivotal role', 'increasing regulatory', 'environmental pressures', 'safe application', 'expansive network', 'major milestone', 'financial specifics', 'leading portfolio', 'soil health', 'External Communications', 'Cautionary Statement', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'legal proceedings', 'regulatory approvals', 'increasing competition', 'general economic', 'market conditions', 'organizational changes', 'intangible assets', 'consumer perceptions', 'climatic variations', 'exchange rates', 'commodity prices', 'political uncertainty', 'natural disasters', 'data security', 'other disruptions', 'other factors', 'diverse pipeline', 'information technology', 'new partnership', 'resistance development', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Such statements', 'decision-making capabilities', 'Syngenta Group', 'sustainable agriculture', 'development capabilities', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'farmers’ access', 'Basel', 'Switzerland', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Euronext', 'BTLS', 'collaboration', 'crops', 'action', 'threat', 'terms', 'sustainability', 'growers', 'impact', 'biodiversity', 'potential', 'promise', 'continued', 'mission', 'plant', '17,900 employees', '90 countries', 'Twitter', 'SyngentaUS', 'LinkedIn', 'document', 'plans', 'prospects', 'track', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'compliance', 'remediation', 'implementation', 'impairment', 'organisms', 'fluctuations', 'breaches', 'obligation', 'assumptions', 'Rosentalstrasse', 'alternatives', 'strong', 'favorable']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/The-Corporate-Transparency-Act-is-poised-to-have-a-ldquo-significant-rdquo-impact-on-businesses-43621982/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,The Corporate Transparency Act is poised to have a “significant” impact on businesses,(marketscreener.com) Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation expert Sandra Feldman says that businesses should begin preparing nowhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/The-Corporate-Transparency-Act-is-poised-to-have-a-ldquo-significant…,Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation expert Sandra Feldman says that businesses should begin preparing nowWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL):WHAT: New thought leadership from Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation outlining reporting obligations under the pending U.S. Corporate Transparency Act (CTA) features in the most recent edition of The National Association of Secretaries of State’s (NASS) monthly business services news clips roundup. The article reviews the exemptions to the Beneficial Ownership Information (BOI) reporting obligations enumerated under the CTA  scheduled to take effect on January 1  2024. Business owners  managers  compliance officers  and their legal advisers should start preparing now to ensuring compliance.WHO: Sandra Feldman  Publications Attorney at Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation  tracks the most pressing and pertinent business entity law issues that impact CT customers of all sizes and industries. The article featured by NASS – the oldest non-partisan professional organization for public officials in the U.S. – is but one example of Feldman’s extensive writings about the CTA and its impact on companies  beneficial owners and law firms. More CTA resources are available to help break down the key components of this new reporting obligation.The Corporate Transparency Act (CTA) is the most significant piece of federal legislation affecting businesses since the U.S. Securities Laws were in enacted in the 1930s. It requires every corporation  LLC  or other entity formed by the filing of a document with a state or created under the laws of a foreign country and registered to do business in a state (unless otherwise exempt)  to file an initial Beneficial Ownership Information report with the Department of Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN). Business entities or individuals that violate the act can expect harsh civil or criminal penalties.The impact is poised to be significant: by FinCEN’s own estimation  32.6 million entities will be required to file a report in the first year  with 5 million more having to file each year thereafter. FinCEN further estimates that about 6.6 million updated reports would be filed in the first year and 14.5 million updates would be filed annually thereafter. And that’s not taking into account the impact on the millions of individuals whose personally identifiable information – including an image of their passport  driver’s license or state ID – will be provided to FinCEN  and which must be updated when the information changes.The burden for companies existing before January 1  2024 will fall mainly on small businesses  as most will not qualify for one of the exemptions. All existing corporations  LLCs  and other business entities must determine if they are required to file a report. If so  they must report certain information about themselves and they must determine who their beneficial owners are and then obtain the required personally identifiable information from their beneficial owners and  in the case of companies formed or registered on or after January 1  2024  their company applicant(s)). They also must keep track of this information so that they can file timely updates when necessary.HOW: Contact Frank Ready at frank.ready@wolterskluwer.com to schedule an interview with Sandra Feldman. Journalists may also publish the quotes above with proper attribution.For nearly 130 years  Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation has been the leading provider of registered agent services  incorporation services  and legal entity compliance. It is part of Wolters Kluwer’s Financial & Corporate Compliance division and has a global reach into over 150 countries. More than 75 percent of Fortune 500 companies  95 percent of AmLaw 100 law firms  and 350 000 small businesses trust CT Corporation to handle their compliance needs.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230424005107/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['The Corporate Transparency Act', 'significant” impact', 'businesses', 'monthly business services news clips roundup', 'pending U.S. Corporate Transparency Act', 'Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation expert Sandra Feldman', 'pertinent business entity law issues', 'initial Beneficial Ownership Information report', 'oldest non-partisan professional organization', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'The Corporate Transparency Act', 'U.S. Securities Laws', 'Financial Crimes Enforcement Network', 'The National Association', 'New thought leadership', 'deep domain knowledge', 'AmLaw 100 law firms', 'new reporting obligation', 'registered agent services', 'Corporate Compliance division', '6.6 million updated reports', 'BOI) reporting obligations', 'personally identifiable information', 'other business entities', 'legal entity compliance', 'More CTA resources', 'expert solutions', 'other entity', 'corporate performance', 'CT customers', 'Business owners', '32.6 million entities', 'incorporation services', '14.5 million updates', 'compliance officers', 'compliance needs', 'recent edition', 'legal advisers', 'Publications Attorney', 'public officials', 'one example', 'extensive writings', 'key components', 'significant piece', 'federal legislation', 'foreign country', 'harsh civil', 'criminal penalties', 'first year', 'existing corporations', 'timely updates', 'proper attribution', 'leading provider', 'global reach', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'small businesses', 'company applicant', 'Frank Ready', 'state ID', 'Fortune 500 companies', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'WHAT', 'features', 'Secretaries', 'NASS', 'article', 'exemptions', 'effect', 'January', 'managers', 'WHO', 'pressing', 'sizes', 'industries', 'impact', '1930s', 'LLC', 'filing', 'document', 'Department', 'Treasury', 'FinCEN', 'individuals', 'estimation', 'account', 'millions', 'image', 'passport', 'driver', 'license', 'burden', 'case', 'track', 'HOW', 'interview', 'Journalists', 'quotes', '130 years', '150 countries', '75 percent', '95 percent', 'software', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23581,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LUMIBIRD-5001/news/LUMIBIRD-8-GROWTH-FOR-THE-FIRST-QUARTER-OF-2023-43623170/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,LUMIBIRD: 8% GROWTH FOR THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2023,(marketscreener.com) Lannion  24 April 2023 – 17:45 8% GROWTH FOR THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2023 The Lumibird Group   the European leader for laser technologies  recorded 8% growth in consolidated revenues for the first quarter of 2023  at 40.9M€. Consolidated rev…,Lannion  24 April 2023 – 17:458% GROWTH FOR THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2023The Lumibird Group (FR0000038242 - LBIRD)  the European leader for laser technologies  recorded 8% growth in consolidated revenues for the first quarter of 2023  at 40.9M€.Consolidated revenues (unaudited)Revenues (€m) 2023 2022 Reported change 2023at constant scope and exch rates 1 Change at constant scope and exch rates First quarter 40.9 38.0 +8% 41 2 9% of which Photonics 18.4 17.3 +6% 18 6 7% Medical 22.5 20.6 +9% 22 6 10%The Lumibird Group’s consolidated revenues came to €40.9m at March 31  2023  up 8% (9% at constant exchange rates).By Market SegmentThe Photonics division grew by 6% (+7% at constant exchange rate) and the 2023 target is expected to be achieved. Due to the move to the new site in Villejust  Paris  the manufacturing site production levels were reduced by one-third in the first quarter. This impacted Industrial and Scientific Revenue which was 5.4m  31% lower than the comparative period. The Paris plant is now fully operational and will support the strong demand for the year 2023. Compared to Q1 2021  Lidar was up 6% (€5.2m) and the Defense and Space segment grew 70% to 7.8m  including the laser rangefinder business developed in Sweden since May 2022 (€2.8m).The Medical division grew by 9% to €22.5m. The division’s sales are split between Diagnostic (24%) and Treatment (76%). The first quarter was very active in terms of sales and marketing activities for both segments (worldwide products launches  keys congress in Asia and South America) and the new Slovenian site is now fully operational and will support the strong demand for the year 2023. The Laser product range was fueled by the launch of the new Neo family of products while the adoption of the Ultrasound product range continues to grow in new markets as Lumibird Medical receives new approvals.By GeographyThe breakdown of sales by division and by geographical area is as follows:Revenues (M€) Photonics Var. Medical Var. EMEA 9.8 +20% 7.5 +13% Americas 3.3 -11% 6.3 +5% APAC 4.0 +1% 5.9 +8% Rest of the world 1.3 -34% 2.9 +40% Total 18.4 +6% 22.5 +9%Unaudited dataThe Photonics Division recorded strong growth in Europe (+20%). This was led by France.The Medical Division also recorded strong growth in Europe (+13%). This was led by Central Europe and the UK. In Asia Pacific we saw strong performance by Japan and Australia.OutlookLUMIBIRD continues to have a strong order book – for Photonics and Medical – thanks to a portfolio of strong technological value-added products and a global commercial footprint.Within the Group's current scope  the objectives remain an organic revenue growth of 8-10% and an EBITDA margin in the range of 20% to 25%. The Group continues to be active on potential acquisition opportunities. If they were to be completed in 2023  the Group could reach an annual turnover (including the contribution of the acquired businesses over 12 months) of up to EUR 250 million. Some of these potential acquisitions may be dilutive on EBITDA  which would bring down to 18-23% the Group’s FY EBITDA margin (including the contribution of acquired businesses over 12 months) in the first year of acquisition.Next date:Annual general meeting: 28 April 2023  14h00 (Les Ulis)LUMIBIRD is one of the world's leading specialists in lasers. With 50 years of experience and a mastering of solid state laser  laser diodes and fiber laser technologies  the Group designs  manufactures and markets high performance lasers for scientific (laboratories and universities)  industrial (manufacturing  defense  Lidar sensors) and medical (ophthalmology  ultrasound diagnostic) markets.Born from the combination of Keopsys Group with Quantel in October 2017  LUMIBIRD has more than 940 employees and over €191 million of consolidated revenues in 2022 and is present in Europe  America and Asia.LUMIBIRD shares are listed on the Euronext Paris B Compartment. FR0000038242 – LBIRD www.lumibird.comSince 2022  LUMIBIRD is part of Euronext Tech Leaders1 Lumibird Photonics Sweden is included in the scope of consolidation from 2021. The revenue developed by this subsidiary since the integration of the Saab Group's defence laser rangefinder activities in May 2022 is included in organic revenue. It amounted to €5.7m in 2022. There is no scope effect in Q1 2023.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.24,0.33,True,English,"['FIRST QUARTER', 'LUMIBIRD', '8% GROWTH', 'THE', 'Euronext Paris B Compartment', 'manufacturing site production levels', 'defence laser rangefinder activities', 'strong technological value-added products', 'The Laser product range', 'laser rangefinder business', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'global commercial footprint', 'solid state laser', 'worldwide products launches', 'Ultrasound product range', 'constant exchange rate', 'Annual general meeting', 'fiber laser technologies', 'The Paris plant', 'strong order book', 'new Slovenian site', 'new Neo family', 'potential acquisition opportunities', 'FY EBITDA margin', 'high performance lasers', 'The Photonics division', 'The Medical division', 'The Lumibird Group', 'organic revenue growth', '1 Lumibird Photonics Sweden', 'new site', 'marketing activities', 'laser diodes', 'strong performance', 'The Group', 'annual turnover', 'potential acquisitions', 'strong demand', 'new approvals', 'exch rates', 'constant scope', 'strong growth', 'Photonics Var', 'FIRST QUARTER', 'European leader', 'Market Segment', 'comparative period', 'Space segment', 'geographical area', 'Medical Var.', 'Unaudited data', 'Next date', 'Les Ulis', 'leading specialists', 'medical (ophthalmology', 'ultrasound diagnostic', 'Lumibird Medical', 'current scope', 'LUMIBIRD shares', 'scope effect', 'Keopsys Group', 'Saab Group', 'new markets', 'consolidated revenues', 'Scientific Revenue', 'South America', 'Lidar sensors', 'Asia Pacific', 'first year', 'Central Europe', '8% GROWTH', 'Lannion', '24 April', 'LBIRD', 'March', '2023 target', 'move', 'Villejust', 'third', 'Industrial', 'Q1', 'Defense', 'May', 'sales', 'Treatment', 'terms', 'segments', 'keys', 'congress', 'adoption', 'Geography', 'breakdown', 'EMEA', 'Americas', 'APAC', 'Rest', 'Total', 'France', 'UK', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Outlook', 'portfolio', 'objectives', 'contribution', 'businesses', '12 months', '28 April', '50 years', 'experience', 'mastering', 'laboratories', 'universities', 'combination', 'Quantel', 'October', '940 employees', 'consolidation', 'subsidiary', 'integration', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23582,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Syngenta-and-Biotalys-Enter-Into-Strategic-Partnership-in-Biologicals-Innovation-to-Advance-Solution-43617386/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Syngenta and Biotalys Enter Into Strategic Partnership in Biologicals Innovation to Advance Solutions for Sustainable Agriculture,(marketscreener.com) Syngenta to leverage Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology platform to expand insecticide biocontrol pipelinehttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Syngenta-and-Biotalys-Enter-Into-Strategic-Partnership-in-Bio…,"Syngenta Crop Protection and Biotalys (Euronext – BTLS) today announced a collaboration to research  develop and commercialize new biocontrol solutions to manage key pests in a broad variety of crops. The new solution will be based on Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology and will offer a new mode of action to broaden farmers’ access to novel technologies that counter the threat of pest resistance and advance sustainable agriculture.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230423005022/en/Scientists at Biotalys and Syngenta to work together to advance solutions for sustainable agriculture (Photo: Business Wire)Under the terms of this partnership  Syngenta will collaborate on a research program with Biotalys  an agricultural technology company focused on protein-based biocontrol solutions  to leverage its AGROBODY™ technology platform for Syngenta’s specific insect targets.“Syngenta is a leader in bringing farmers cutting edge technologies that improve the sustainability of agriculture  and we are excited to work closely with Biotalys as part of our agricultural innovation ecosystem ” said Camilla Corsi  Head of Crop Protection Research at Syngenta Crop Protection. “By combining our proven research and development capabilities with the breakthrough protein-based innovations of the Biotalys AGROBODY™ platform  we are determined to play a pivotal role in addressing critical farmer needs around the globe.”With resistance development and increasing regulatory and environmental pressures  growers are eager to explore innovative and effective biological solutions that limit the impact on the environment and biodiversity. Biotalys has demonstrated the potential of its protein-based biocontrols to deliver novel modes of actions for effective and safe application in food and agriculture. This new partnership allows Biotalys to accelerate the development and global commercialization of innovative crop protection solutions and cement its biocontrol innovation leadership by leveraging the expansive network and capabilities of a global agriculture business.“We are proud and excited to be working with Syngenta  a world-leading agricultural company  on one of the most pressing industry challenges – the development of innovative and effective pest control solutions – by delivering on the promise of our AGROBODY™ technology ” said Patrice Sellès  Chief Executive Officer at Biotalys. “Collaborating with Syngenta is a major milestone in our continued mission to providing growers around the globe with safe  efficient  and more sustainable agricultural solutions.”No further terms or financial specifics are being disclosed.About Syngenta Crop ProtectionSyngenta Crop Protection is a leader in agricultural innovation  bringing breakthrough technologies and solutions that enable farmers to grow productively and sustainably. We offer a leading portfolio of crop protection solutions for plant and soil health  as well as digital solutions that transform the decision-making capabilities of farmers. Our 17 900 employees serve to advance agriculture in more than 90 countries around the world. Syngenta Crop Protection is headquartered in Basel  Switzerland  and is part of the Syngenta Group. Follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/Syngenta  www.twitter.com/SyngentaUS and on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/syngenta.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.Data protection is important to us. You are receiving this publication on the legal basis of Article 6 para 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”). However  if you do not wish to receive further information about Syngenta  just send us a brief informal message and we will no longer process your details for this purpose. You can also find further details in our privacy statement.Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements SyngentaThis document may contain forward-looking statements  which can be identified by terminology such as ‘expect’  ‘would’  ‘will’  ‘potential’  ‘plans’  ‘prospects’  ‘estimated’  ‘aiming’  ‘on track’ and similar expressions. Such statements may be subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from these statements. For Syngenta  such risks and uncertainties include risks relating to legal proceedings  regulatory approvals  new product development  increasing competition  customer credit risk  general economic and market conditions  compliance and remediation  intellectual property rights  implementation of organizational changes  impairment of intangible assets  consumer perceptions of genetically modified crops and organisms or crop protection chemicals  climatic variations  fluctuations in exchange rates and/or commodity prices  single source supply arrangements  political uncertainty  natural disasters  and breaches of data security or other disruptions of information technology. Syngenta assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results  changed assumptions or other factors.©2023 Syngenta. Rosentalstrasse 67  4058 Basel  Switzerland.Important Notice BiotalysThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230423005022/en/",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.16,0.51,True,English,"['Strategic Partnership', 'Biologicals Innovation', 'Sustainable Agriculture', 'Syngenta', 'Biotalys', 'Into', 'Solutions', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'effective pest control solutions', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'innovative crop protection solutions', 'specific insect targets', 'critical farmer needs', 'pressing industry challenges', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'favorable safety profile', 'brief informal message', 'biocontrol innovation leadership', 'effective product candidates', 'effective biological solutions', 'breakthrough protein-based innovations', 'cutting edge technologies', 'agricultural innovation ecosystem', 'new biocontrol solutions', 'Crop Protection Research', 'key crop pests', 'world-leading agricultural company', 'Syngenta Crop Protection', 'safer food supply', 'agricultural technology company', 'sustainable agricultural solutions', 'Biotalys AGROBODY™ platform', 'global agriculture business', 'key pests', 'novel technologies', 'pest resistance', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'Data protection', 'breakthrough technologies', 'digital solutions', 'novel modes', 'Business Wire', 'global commercialization', 'new solution', 'new mode', 'AgTech) company', 'broad variety', 'press release', 'full release', 'research program', 'Camilla Corsi', 'pivotal role', 'increasing regulatory', 'environmental pressures', 'safe application', 'expansive network', 'major milestone', 'financial specifics', 'leading portfolio', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'legal basis', 'legitimate interest', 'privacy statement', 'Cautionary Statement', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'legal procee', 'new partnership', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Such statements', 'sustainable agriculture', 'decision-making capabilities', 'Syngenta Group', 'resistance development', 'soil health', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'farmers’ access', 'development capabilities', 'BTLS', 'collaboration', 'crops', 'action', 'threat', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Scientists', 'Photo', 'terms', 'sustainability', 'Head', 'proven', 'globe', 'growers', 'impact', 'biodiversity', 'potential', 'promise', 'mission', 'plant', '17,900 employees', '90 countries', 'Basel', 'Switzerland', 'Twitter', 'SyngentaUS', 'LinkedIn', 'alternatives', 'strong', 'diseases', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'publication', 'Article 6', 'GDPR', 'details', 'purpose', 'document', 'plans', 'prospects', 'track', 'risks', 'uncertainties']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23583,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Syngenta-and-Biotalys-enter-into-strategic-partnership-in-biologicals-innovation-to-advance-solution-43617406/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Syngenta and Biotalys enter into strategic partnership in biologicals innovation to advance solutions for sustainable agriculture,(marketscreener.com) Syngenta to leverage Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology platform to expand insecticide biocontrol pipelineBasel  Switzerland / Ghent  Belgium  April 24  2023 -- Press release – Inside information Syngenta Crop Protection and Biotalys today an…,"Syngenta to leverage Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology platform to expand insecticide biocontrol pipelineBasel  Switzerland / Ghent  Belgium  April 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – Inside informationSyngenta Crop Protection and Biotalys (Euronext – BTLS) today announced a collaboration to research  develop and commercialize new biocontrol solutions to manage key pests in a broad variety of crops. The new solution will be based on Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology and will offer a new mode of action to broaden farmers’ access to novel technologies that counter the threat of pest resistance and advance sustainable agriculture.Under the terms of this partnership  Syngenta will collaborate on a research program with Biotalys  an agricultural technology company focused on protein-based biocontrol solutions  to leverage its AGROBODY™ technology platform for Syngenta’s specific insect targets.“Syngenta is a leader in bringing farmers cutting edge technologies that improve the sustainability of agriculture  and we are excited to work closely with Biotalys as part of our agricultural innovation ecosystem ” said Camilla Corsi  Head of Crop Protection Research at Syngenta Crop Protection. “By combining our proven research and development capabilities with the breakthrough protein-based innovations of the Biotalys AGROBODY™ platform  we are determined to play a pivotal role in addressing critical farmer needs around the globe.”With resistance development and increasing regulatory and environmental pressures  growers are eager to explore innovative and effective biological solutions that limit the impact on the environment and biodiversity. Biotalys has demonstrated the potential of its protein-based biocontrols to deliver novel modes of actions for effective and safe application in food and agriculture. This new partnership allows Biotalys to accelerate the development and global commercialization of innovative crop protection solutions and cement its biocontrol innovation leadership by leveraging the expansive network and capabilities of a global agriculture business.“We are proud and excited to be working with Syngenta  a world-leading agricultural company  on one of the most pressing industry challenges – the development of innovative and effective pest control solutions – by delivering on the promise of our AGROBODY™ technology ” said Patrice Sellès  Chief Executive Officer at Biotalys. “Collaborating with Syngenta is a major milestone in our continued mission to providing growers around the globe with safe  efficient  and more sustainable agricultural solutions.”No further terms or financial specifics are being disclosed.About Syngenta Crop ProtectionSyngenta Crop Protection is a leader in agricultural innovation  bringing breakthrough technologies and solutions that enable farmers to grow productively and sustainably. We offer a leading portfolio of crop protection solutions for plant and soil health  as well as digital solutions that transform the decision-making capabilities of farmers. Our 17 900 employees serve to advance agriculture in more than 90 countries around the world. Syngenta Crop Protection is headquartered in Basel  Switzerland  and is part of the Syngenta Group. Follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/Syngenta  www.twitter.com/SyngentaUS and on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/syngenta.For further information  please contact:Michelle NgHead  External Communicationsmichelle.ng@syngenta.comCautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements SyngentaThis document may contain forward-looking statements  which can be identified by terminology such as ‘expect’  ‘would’  ‘will’  ‘potential’  ‘plans’  ‘prospects’  ‘estimated’  ‘aiming’  ‘on track’ and similar expressions. Such statements may be subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from these statements. For Syngenta  such risks and uncertainties include risks relating to legal proceedings  regulatory approvals  new product development  increasing competition  customer credit risk  general economic and market conditions  compliance and remediation  intellectual property rights  implementation of organizational changes  impairment of intangible assets  consumer perceptions of genetically modified crops and organisms or crop protection chemicals  climatic variations  fluctuations in exchange rates and/or commodity prices  single source supply arrangements  political uncertainty  natural disasters  and breaches of data security or other disruptions of information technology. Syngenta assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results  changed assumptions or other factors.©2023 Syngenta. Rosentalstrasse 67  4058 Basel  Switzerland.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant Notice BiotalysThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.Attachments",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.1,0.33,True,English,"['strategic partnership', 'biologicals innovation', 'sustainable agriculture', 'Syngenta', 'Biotalys', 'solutions', 'single source supply arrangements', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'effective pest control solutions', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'innovative crop protection solutions', 'Biotalys’ AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'crop protection chemicals', 'insecticide biocontrol pipeline', 'specific insect targets', 'critical farmer needs', 'pressing industry challenges', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'customer credit risk', 'intellectual property rights', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'biocontrol innovation leadership', 'effective biological solutions', 'new biocontrol solutions', 'breakthrough protein-based innovations', 'cutting edge technologies', 'agricultural innovation ecosystem', 'world-leading agricultural company', 'safer food supply', 'agricultural technology company', 'Michelle Ng Head', 'Crop Protection Research', 'Biotalys AGROBODY™ platform', 'Syngenta Crop Protection', 'sustainable agricultural solutions', 'new product development', 'global agriculture business', 'novel technologies', 'pest resistance', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'digital solutions', 'breakthrough technologies', 'novel modes', 'AgTech) company', 'global commercialization', 'new solution', 'new mode', 'information technology', 'Press release', 'key pests', 'broad variety', 'Camilla Corsi', 'pivotal role', 'increasing regulatory', 'environmental pressures', 'safe application', 'expansive network', 'major milestone', 'financial specifics', 'leading portfolio', 'soil health', 'External Communications', 'Cautionary Statement', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'legal proceedings', 'regulatory approvals', 'increasing competition', 'general economic', 'market conditions', 'organizational changes', 'intangible assets', 'consumer perceptions', 'climatic variations', 'exchange rates', 'commodity prices', 'political uncertainty', 'natural disasters', 'data security', 'other disruptions', 'other factors', 'new partnership', 'resistance development', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Such statements', 'research program', 'decision-making capabilities', 'Syngenta Group', 'sustainable agriculture', 'development capabilities', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'farmers’ access', 'Basel', 'Switzerland', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Euronext', 'BTLS', 'collaboration', 'crops', 'action', 'threat', 'terms', 'sustainability', 'proven', 'growers', 'impact', 'biodiversity', 'potential', 'promise', 'mission', 'plant', '17,900 employees', '90 countries', 'Twitter', 'SyngentaUS', 'LinkedIn', 'document', 'plans', 'prospects', 'track', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'compliance', 'remediation', 'implementation', 'impairment', 'organisms', 'fluctuations', 'breaches', 'obligation', 'assumptions', 'Rosentalstrasse', 'alternatives']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23584,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Implements-CLLS52-for-the-First-Time-in-the-Clinic-with-Sanofi-s-Alemtuzumab-43624664/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Cellectis Implements CLLS52 for the First Time in the Clinic with Sanofi's Alemtuzumab,(marketscreener.com) Cellectis demonstrated that the addition of alemtuzumab to the lymphodepletion regimen was associated with prolonged lymphodepletion and significantly higher cell expansion and clinical activity  NEW YORK  April 24  2023 -- Cellectis   a …,Cellectis demonstrated that the addition of alemtuzumab to the lymphodepletion regimen was associated with prolonged lymphodepletion and significantly higher cell expansion and clinical activityNEW YORK  April 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced it has implemented the use of alemtuzumab as a Cellectis Investigational Medicinal Product (IMP)  coded as CLLS52  as part of the lymphodepletion regimen for UCART22 in the BALLI-01 clinical trial in relapsed/refractory B-cell ALL  for UCART123 in the AMELI-01 clinical trial in relapsed/refractory AML  and for UCART20x22 in the NatHaLi-01 clinical trial in relapsed/refractory B-cell NHL.In May 2021  Cellectis entered into partnership and supply agreements with Sanofi regarding alemtuzumab. Under the agreements  Sanofi is supplying alemtuzumab to support Cellectis’ clinical trials and the parties agreed to enter into discussions to execute a commercial supply of alemtuzumab under pre-agreed financial conditions.“As previously reported  the importance of alemtuzumab in the lymphodepletion regimen was demonstrated in our BALLI-01 and AMELI-01 studies  where the addition of this lymphodepletion agent to the fludarabine and cyclophosphamide regimen was associated with sustained lymphodepletion and significantly higher UCART cell expansion allowing for greater clinical activity. We believe these encouraging outcomes are a meaningful step forward to a safe  effective  and controllable therapeutic window for our allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidates ” said Mark Frattini  M.D.  Ph.D.  Chief Medical Officer at Cellectis.Cellectis is the inventor of the combination of CD52 knockout UCART cells with a lymphodepleting regimen containing an anti-CD52 antibody such as alemtuzumab. The CD52 knockout aims to render UCART product candidates resistant to alemtuzumab as part of the lymphodepleting regimen. Patients’ lymphodepleting regimens reduce host immune cells and should improve allogeneic CAR T-cell expansion and persistence. Cellectis’ UCART22  UCART123 and UCART20x22 product candidates have the CD52 gene inactivated by TALEN® gene editing technology.To access Cellectis’ 2022 ASH data release and Live Webcast release announcing positive preliminary data from the BALLI-01 and AMELI-01 clinical studies  click here: https://cellectis.com/en/press/cellectis-announces-positive-preliminary-clinical-data-for-ucart22-in-all-and-ucart123-in-aml/About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS). For more information  visit www.cellectis.com. Follow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTubeForward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could ” “would” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about advancement  timing and progress of clinical trials  the adequacy and continuity of supply of clinical supply and alemtuzumab  the ability of an anti-CD52 as alemtuzumab to improve any efficacy and the potential benefit of UCART product candidates. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relation contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.16,0.49,True,English,"['First Time', 'Cellectis', 'CLLS52', 'Clinic', 'Sanofi', 'Alemtuzumab', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidates', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell expansion', 'biopharmaceutical product candidate development', 'many other important factors', 'Cellectis Investigational Medicinal Product', 'higher UCART cell expansion', 'Cellectis’ 2022 ASH data release', 'applicable securities laws', 'higher cell expansion', 'UCART product candidates', 'life-changing product candidates', 'positive preliminary data', 'product development plans', 'refractory B-cell NHL', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Live Webcast release', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'unmet medical needs', 'UCART20x22 product candidates', 'NatHaLi-01 clinical trial', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'relapsed/refractory B-cell ALL', 'controllable therapeutic window', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'AMELI-01 clinical trial', 'greater clinical activity', 'host immune cells', 'Nasdaq Global Market', '® gene editing technology', 'Patients’ lymphodepleting regimens', 'AMELI-01 clinical studies', 'BALLI-01 clinical trial', 'Cellectis’ clinical trials', 'UCART cells', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR T-cells', 'AMELI-01 studies', 'immune system', 'press release', 'therapeutic gene', 'life-saving cell', 'cancer patients', 'operating plans', 'clinical supply', 'various factors', 'gene therapies', 'CD52 gene', 'lymphodepletion regimen', 'prolonged lymphodepletion', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'relapsed/refractory AML', 'financial conditions', 'lymphodepletion agent', 'cyclophosphamide regimen', 'sustained lymphodepletion', 'encouraging outcomes', 'meaningful step', 'Mark Frattini', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'CD52 knockout', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'North Carolina', 'social media', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'potential benefit', 'numerous risks', 'cash runway', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'commercial supply', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'anti-CD52 antibody', 'various diseases', 'supply agreements', 'Cellectis’ UCART22', 'addition', 'alemtuzumab', 'April', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'use', 'part', 'UCART123', 'May', 'Sanofi', 'discussions', 'importance', 'fludarabine', 'inventor', 'combination', 'persistence', 'positive-preliminary-clinical-data', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', '23 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'words', 'negative', 'management', 'assumptions', 'advancement', 'timing', 'progress', 'adequacy', 'continuity', 'ability', 'efficacy', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'respect', 'result']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23585,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TARKETT-14899990/news/Tarkett-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-April-21-2023-43618662/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Tarkett - Combined Shareholders' Meeting of April 21  2023,(marketscreener.com) Paris   April 24  2023 – Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023 The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett was held on Friday April 21  2023 at 9h30 a.m. at the Auditorium located in the ground floor of the Company’s register…,"Paris (France)  April 24  2023 – Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett was held on Friday April 21  2023 at 9h30 a.m. at the Auditorium located in the ground floor of the Company’s registered address (Tour Initiale – 1  Terrasse Bellini – 92919 Paris la Défense)  chaired by Eric La Bonnardière  Chairman of the Supervisory Board.Quorum was established at 95.27% and 39 shareholders were present  represented or voted by correspondence.All resolutions were adopted by the Shareholders’ Meeting  notably:The approval of the Company’s and consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2022 as well as the allocation of the Company’s result to the “Retained Earnings” account;The renewal of the mandates as members of the Supervisory Board of Didier Michaud-Daniel and Françoise Leroy as well as the ratification of the appointments by cooptation as members of the Supervisory Board of Marine Charles et Tina Mayn;The approval of all resolutions related to the remuneration of the Company’s corporate officers;The financial delegations granted to the Management Board.The detailed results of the votes are available on the Company's website www.tarkett-group.com in the ""General Shareholders’ Meeting 2023"" section.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ‘The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Tarkett', 'April', 'Eric La Bonnardière', 'Paris la Défense', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Retained Earnings” account', 'Françoise Leroy', 'Investor Relations Contact', '25 R&D centers', 'Euronext regulated market', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', 'The Way', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'The Group', '9h30 a', 'ground floor', 'registered address', 'Tour Initiale', 'Terrasse Bellini', 'Supervisory Board', 'financial statements', 'Didier Michaud-Daniel', 'Marine Charles', 'Tina Mayn', 'corporate officers', 'financial delegations', 'Management Board', 'detailed results', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', '39 shareholders', 'France', 'April', 'Friday', 'Auditorium', 'Company', 'Chairman', 'Quorum', 'correspondence', 'resolutions', 'approval', 'Fiscal 2022', 'allocation', 'renewal', 'mandates', 'members', 'ratification', 'appointments', 'cooptation', 'remuneration', 'votes', 'website', 'tarkett-group', 'section', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23586,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNOVA-N-V-20366366/news/Cnova-N-V-Reaction-to-Casino-Group-s-Press-Release-43623447/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Cnova N.V. - Reaction to Casino Group's Press Release,(marketscreener.com) CNOVA N.V. – Reaction to Casino Group’s Press Release Amsterdam – April 24  2023  18:15 CEST – Cnova N.V. and its Board of Directors took note of the press release issued on the date hereof by its controlling shareholder  Casino Guichard-…,CNOVA N.V. – Reaction to Casino Group’s Press ReleaseAmsterdam – April 24  2023  18:15 CEST – Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) and its Board of Directors took note of the press release issued on the date hereof by its controlling shareholder  Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. ( “Casino”)  in which it is mentioned that Casino is launching the: “solicitation of consents from certain creditors and bondholders of the Casino Group regarding the possibility of initiating conciliation proceedings to guide upcoming discussions with creditors in connection with EP Global Commerce a.s.’ proposal on the one hand and the continuation of the Project TERACT on the other hand”1.As part of the solicitation of consents launched by Casino  Cdiscount  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company  will seek the consent from the lenders in respect of the State Guaranteed Loan (Prêt Garanti par l’Etat) entered into on July 30  2020.The Company confirms that no decision to request the appointment of conciliators for itself and/or any of its subsidiaries  including Cdiscount  has been taken at this stage and that it remains in full compliance with its financial commitments. The Company will continue to monitor developments concerning Casino.1: https://www.groupe-casino.fr/en/announcements/ - “Solicitation of consents from certain creditors and bondholders of the Casino Group regarding the possibility of initiating conciliation proceedings to guide upcoming discussions with creditors in connection with EP Global Commerce a.s.’ proposal on the one hand and the continuation of the Project TERACT on the other hand”***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 8.1 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94 Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel: +33 6 17 76 79 71Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', 'Casino Group', 'Press Release', 'Reaction', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'EP Global Commerce', 'Prêt Garanti', '8.1 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'CNOVA N.V.', 'French ecommerce leader', 'innovative payment solutions', 'domestic energy services', 'State Guaranteed Loan', 'financial commitments', 'Media contact', 'Service solutions', 'advertising services', 'French law', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'controlling shareholder', 'conciliation proceedings', 'upcoming discussions', 'one hand', 'Project TERACT', 'other hand', 'full compliance', 'art website', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'B2B clients', 'news releases', 'financieel toezicht', 'Casino Group', 'Groupe Casino', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'The Company', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'Reaction', 'Amsterdam', 'April', 'CEST', 'CNV', 'Board', 'Directors', 'note', 'date', 'solicitation', 'consents', 'creditors', 'bondholders', 'possibility', 'connection', 'proposal', 'continuation', 'part', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'lenders', 'respect', 'Etat', 'July', 'decision', 'appointment', 'conciliators', 'subsidiaries', 'stage', 'developments', 'groupe-casino', 'announcements', 'product', 'goods', 'fast', 'practical', 'entertainment', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-logistics', 'sites', 'informatie', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'Tel', 'directiondelacommunication', 'solis', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23587,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AB-SCIENCE-6133795/news/AB-Science-announces-the-success-of-its-capital-increase-by-private-placement-for-an-amount-of-15-mi-43617747/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,AB Science announces the success of its capital increase by private placement for an amount of 15 million euros,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE SUCCESS OF THE CAPITAL INCREASE BY PRIVATE PLACEMENT FOR AN AMOUNT OF 15 MILLION EUROS Paris  April 24  2023  8am CET AB Science S.A.   announces today the success of its capital increase through the issuance of new ordinary…,PRESS RELEASESUCCESS OF THE CAPITAL INCREASE BY PRIVATE PLACEMENT FOR AN AMOUNT OF 15 MILLION EUROSParis  April 24  2023  8am CETAB Science S.A. (the “Company” or “AB Science”  NYSE Euronext – FR0010557264 – AB)  announces today the success of its capital increase through the issuance of new ordinary shares with attached warrants  with a waiver of preferential subscription rights  via a private placement for a final amount of 15.0 million euros (the “Capital Increase”).Alain Moussy  Chief Executive Officer of AB Science  states:« AB Science is satisfied with the success of this capital increase  through which AB Science's historical shareholders have had the opportunity to renew their confidence in AB Science and to show their support for its new strategy announced on April 21. »AB Science has decided to focus its development strategy as follows:Allocation of current resources primarily to the development of masitinib for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and the development of the microtubule destabilizer agents (MDA) platform  with the clinical development of AB8939 in refractory acute myeloid leukemia and the initiation of regulatory preclinical development of a new oral molecule in the same microtubule class for sarcoma and solid tumors.We want to focus the majority of our clinical resources on the development of rare diseases with masitinib  on the development of the microtubule platform with AB8939 and future molecules of the same family due to the very encouraging first results.Acceleration of the process of seeking a license for masitinib in non-rare disease indications  with priority given to progressive forms of multiple sclerosis and Alzheimer's disease.This acceleration is possible now that the confirmatory Phase 3 studies have been approved by the FDA in the United States and the major European agencies. To this end  the Company has retained the services of a leading investment bank.This license search is a priority in the Company's strategy  given the number of clinical studies already conducted and the maturity of the pipeline  and given the additional investments required to complete the clinical program  up to market authorizations. We want to highlight that the duration of this license search is not predictable and that the realization of a license is dependent on a number of factors and is not guaranteed. However  the milestones reached at this stage are essential factors that contribute to the feasibility of this strategy.As a result of the focus strategy  AB Science has decided to adapt its organization  which should lead to a significant reduction in costs. This strategic focus reinforces and sustains the existing agreement between certain shareholders of AB Science and Alain Moussy.Terms of the Capital IncreaseThe Capital Increase consisted of a private placement pursuant to Articles L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code and L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and has been carried out with a waiver of preferential subscription rights  pursuant to the delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors under the 20th resolution of the Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting of June 29  2022. The Capital Increase has taken the form of the issuance of 2 608 686 actions new ordinary shares (the “New Shares”) to each of which are attached a share subscription warrant (the “Warrants”).The Capital Increase was made through a cash contribution of approximately EUR 11.5 million and by offsetting existing receivables  i.e. approximately EUR 3.0 million (receivables related to the pre-financing of the research tax credit for the 2020 financial year and maturing in 2023  as well as approximately EUR 500 000 in interest accrued to date on the convertible bonds issued in February 2022).Two warrants giving the right to subscribe to one ordinary share  all of the 2 608 686 New Shares and all of the 1 304 343 new shares that would be issued upon exercise of the warrants  i.e. a total of 3 913 029 shares in the Company  represent 7.36% of the Company's current share capital.The issue price of the New Shares has been set at 5.75 euros (0.01 euro par value and 5.74 euros issue premium) and the exercise price of the Warrants at 8.625 euros  representing a total fundraising of approximately EUR 15.0 million (taking into account the exercise of the warrants  the maximum amount of the Capital Increase could be increased by an amount of 26.3 million euros).The Warrants may be exercised from January 1st  2025 to December 31  2030  will be immediately detached from the New Shares upon their issuance and will not be listed.The settlement-delivery of the new ordinary shares to be issued in the context of the Capital Increase and their listing on Euronext Paris are expected to occur on April 28  2023 at the latest. The new shares will bear current dividend rights and will be listed on the regulated market on Euronext Paris under ISIN code: FR0010557264 – AB.The proceeds of the Capital Increase will provide AB Science with the additional resources necessary to finance its activities over the next twelve months. In particular  the raised funds will be used for the clinical development of masitinib in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and other orphan indications and for the development of the AB Science microtubule destabilizer agents platform. The Capital Increase will also support the strategy communicated on April 21.Shareholding structure of the Company after the Capital IncreaseAfter the Capital Increase (excluding the exercise of the Warrants)  the share capital of the Company will amount to 558 081.39 euros  and will be composed of 55 808 139 shares with a nominal value of 0.01 euro each (all share classes included).By way of illustration  a shareholder holding 1% of the Company's share capital (including all categories of shares) prior to the Capital Increase and who did not participate in the Capital Increase will hold 0.95% of the Company's share capital after the Capital Increase and 0.93% in the event that all the Warrants are exercised.The table below reflects the shareholding to the best of the Company's knowledge.ShareholdersBefore the Capital Increase After the Capital Increase (before exercise of the warrants) After the Capital Increase and exercise of the warrants Ordinary shares % Ordinary shares % Ordinary shares % A. Moussy 7 058 068 13 27% 7 058 068 12 65% 7 058 068 12 36% AMY SAS 12 273 000 23 07% 12 273 000 21 99% 12 273 000 21 49% Agreement (excluding A. Moussy and AMY SAS) 2 183 696 4 10% 2 673 442 4 79% 2 918 315 5 11% Other investors 31 684 689 59 56% 33 803 629 60 57% 34 863 099 61 04% Total 53 199 453 100 00% 55 808 139 100 00% 57 112 482 100 00%Information available to the publicThe Capital Increase will not be subject to a prospectus approved by the French Financial Market Authority (the “AMF”). AB Science draws the attention of the public to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business described in its annual management reports and press releases  which are available free of charge on the Company's website (www.ab-science.com).In addition  the main risks specific to securities are as follows:The existing shareholders who do not participate in the Capital Increase will see their shareholding in the share capital of AB Science diluted  and this shareholding may also be diluted in the event of exercise of the Warrants  as well as in the event of new securities transactions.The volatility and liquidity of AB Science shares could fluctuate significantly. The sale of Company shares may occur on the secondary market  after the Capital Increase  and have a negative impact on the Company share price.About masitinibMasitinib is a novel oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor that targets mast cells and macrophages  key immune cells  through inhibition of a limited number of kinases. Due to its unique mode of action  masitinib can be developed in a wide range of diseases  including oncology  inflammatory diseases  and certain central nervous system diseases. In oncology  through its immunotherapy activity  masitinib may have an effect on survival  alone or in combination with chemotherapy. Through its activity on mast cells and microglial cells and therefore its inhibitory effect on the activation of the inflammatory process  masitinib may have an effect on the symptoms associated with certain inflammatory and central nervous system diseases.About AB8939AB8939 is a new synthetic microtubule-destabilizing drug. Preclinical data show that AB8939 has broad anticancer activity  with a notable advantage over standard chemotherapies that target microtubules of being able to overcome P-glycoprotein (Pgp) and myeloperoxidase (MPO) mediated drug resistance. Development of drug resistance often restricts the clinical efficacy of microtubule-targeting chemotherapy drugs (for example  taxanes and vinca alkaloids); thus  AB8939 has strong potential to be developed in numerous oncology indications.About AB ScienceFounded in 2001  AB Science is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research  development and commercialization of protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs)  a class of targeted proteins whose action are key in signaling pathways within cells. Our programs target only diseases with high unmet medical needs  often lethal with short term survival or rare or refractory to previous line of treatment.AB Science has developed a proprietary portfolio of molecules and the Company’s lead compound  masitinib  has already been registered for veterinary medicine and is developed in human medicine in oncology  neurological diseases  inflammatory diseases and viral diseases. The company is headquartered in Paris  France  and listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: AB).Further information is available on AB Science’s website: www.ab-science.com.DisclaimerIn accordance with article L. 411-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the applicable regulatory provisions  no prospectus will be published or approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers.With respect to the Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been taken or will be taken to allow a public offering of the securities covered by this press release that would require the publication of a prospectus (pursuant to Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017) in any of the Member States.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to subscribe or purchase  or the solicitation of an order to purchase or subscribe  for the New Shares in the United States of America or in any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration under the U.S. Securities Act or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act. AB Science does not intend to make a public offering of the New Shares in the United States of America or in any other jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain countries. Persons in possession of this press release should inform themselves of and observe any local restrictions.The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. This information contains forward-looking statements  which are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on the current expectations and beliefs of AB Science’s management and are subject to several factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. AB Science and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  consultants or agents do not undertake  and are not under any obligation  to release any updates to any forward-looking statement or to revise any forward-looking statement.For additional information  please contact:AB ScienceFinancial communication and public relationsinvestors@ab-science.comAttachment,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.13,0.26,True,English,"['AB Science', 'capital increase', 'private placement', '15 million euros', 'success', 'amount', 'AB8939 in refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'AB Science S.A.', '2,608,686 actions new ordinary shares', 'one ordinary share', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'encouraging first results', 'major European agencies', 'leading investment bank', 'share subscription warrant', 'research tax credit', 'microtubule destabilizer agents', 'current dividend rights', 'amyotrophic lateral sclerosis', 'confirmatory Phase 3 studies', 'new oral molecule', 'same microtubule class', 'current share capital', 'French Commercial Code', 'regulatory preclinical development', 'rare disease indications', '5.74 euros issue premium', 'The Capital Increase', 'New Shares', 'current resources', 'microtubule platform', 'rare diseases', 'same family', 'multiple sclerosis', 'clinical studies', 'French Monetary', 'issue price', 'historical shareholders', 'Financial Code', 'ISIN code', 'new strategy', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'PRIVATE PLACEMENT', '8am CET', 'NYSE Euronext', 'Alain Moussy', 'MDA) platform', 'solid tumors', 'clinical resources', 'future molecules', 'progressive forms', 'United States', 'additional investments', 'clinical program', 'market authorizations', 'significant reduction', 'strategic focus', 'existing agreement', '20th resolution', 'cash contribution', '2020 financial year', 'convertible bonds', 'regulated market', 'additional resources', '15 MILLION EUROS', '15.0 million euros', '26.3 million euros', 'The Warrants', 'Euronext Paris', 'focus strategy', 'final amount', 'license search', 'essential factors', 'existing receivables', 'total fundraising', 'maximum amount', 'attached warrants', 'Two warrants', 'exercise price', 'development strategy', '3,913,029 shares', '5.75 euros', '8.625 euros', 'SUCCESS', 'April', 'Company', 'issuance', 'waiver', 'opportunity', 'confidence', 'support', 'Allocation', 'masitinib', 'treatment', 'initiation', 'sarcoma', 'majority', 'Acceleration', 'process', 'priority', 'Alzheimer', 'FDA', 'services', 'number', 'maturity', 'pipeline', 'duration', 'realization', 'milestones', 'stage', 'feasibility', 'organization', 'costs', 'Terms', 'Articles', 'L.', 'delegation', 'authority', 'Board', 'Directors', 'June', 'pre-financing', 'interest', 'date', 'February', 'account', 'January', 'December', 'settlement-delivery', 'context', 'listing', 'proceeds']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23588,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-appoints-Sandra-Silvestri-as-EVP-Chief-Medical-Officer-and-Head-of-Global-Medical-Affairs-Pa-43617658/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Ipsen appoints Sandra Silvestri as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient Affairs,(marketscreener.com) Ipsen appoints Sandra Silvestri as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient Affairs PARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2023 – Ipsen   a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  announced tod…,Ipsen appoints Sandra Silvestri as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient AffairsPARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  announced today the appointment of Sandra Silvestri  M.D.  Ph.D.  as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient Affairs  effective 5 May 2023. She will serve on the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) and report directly to Ipsen’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO)  David Loew.“Along with the ELT  I am very pleased to welcome Sandra to Ipsen. Her deep experience in every aspect of Medical will be critical as we continue to broaden our pipeline while delivering our specialty medicines to even more people around the world ” said David Loew  CEO  Ipsen.Sandra brings years of extensive medical experience in the global biopharmaceutical industry and joins Ipsen after spending eight years at Sanofi. Since 2020  she has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of the General Medicines Global Business Unit  and Global Head of Medical Affairs Capabilities Centre of Excellence and Medical Hub  where she was responsible for worldwide medical affairs strategy and execution. She also represented Medical in the Company Executive Compliance Committee. Previously  for over a decade  Sandra held numerous national and international roles at Eli Lilly across R&D and Scientific Communications  and as Regional Medical Director  where she led strategic transformation projects.“I’m inspired by Ipsen’s ambitious innovation agenda and vision to serve physicians and patients in areas of high unmet need around the world ” said Sandra. “I am honored to join as Chief Medical Officer and I look forward to working with my new colleagues at Ipsen.”Sandra is a medical doctor who specialized in endocrinology and metabolic diseases. She holds a postdoctoral fellowship in emergency medicine  a Ph.D. in internal medicine and cardiovascular disease  and a Master’s degree in genetics and pharmacogenetics of bone mineral disorders. She speaks Italian  English  French.Steven Hildemann  M.D.  Ph.D.  who served as Ipsen’s Chief Medical Officer for three years and successfully led a deep transformation of Global Medical Affairs and Patient Safety  will leave Ipsen to pursue other opportunities after handing over to Sandra.ENDSAbout IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 000 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:ContactsInvestors Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193Media Amy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy & Communications+41 79 576 07 23 Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.08,0.64,True,English,"['Chief Medical Officer', 'Global Medical Affairs', 'Patient Affairs', 'Sandra Silvestri', 'Patient Safety', 'Ipsen', 'EVP', 'Head', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'Investors Craig Marks Vice President', 'General Medicines Global Business Unit', 'Company Executive Compliance Committee', 'global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company', 'global, mid-sized biopharmaceutical company', 'Medical Affairs Capabilities Centre', 'worldwide medical affairs strategy', 'Senior Vice President', 'global biopharmaceutical industry', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Global Medical Affairs', 'ambitious innovation agenda', 'high unmet need', 'bone mineral disorders', 'differentiated technological platforms', 'Media Amy Wolf', 'Global Media Relations', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Regional Medical Director', 'Corporate Brand Strategy', 'strategic transformation projects', 'early development phase', 'extensive medical experience', 'reasonable macroeconomic conditions', 'potential future acquisitions', 'Patient Affairs', 'Medical Hub', 'medical doctor', 'external-innovation strategy', 'management strategy', 'Global Head', 'deep experience', 'specialty medicines', 'deep transformation', 'transformative medicines', 'development efforts', 'Investor Relations', 'Senior Manager', 'Patient Safety', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'David Loew', 'numerous national', 'international roles', 'Eli Lilly', 'R&D', 'metabolic diseases', 'postdoctoral fellowship', 'emergency medicine', 'internal medicine', 'cardiovascular disease', 'Steven Hildemann', 'other opportunities', 'Rare Disease', 'total sales', 'leading biotechnological', 'life-science hubs', 'U.K.', 'U.S.', 'Ioana Piscociu', 'looking statements', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'actual results', 'future ability', 'similar expressions', 'promising medicine', 'clinical trial', 'generic medicine', 'eight years', 'three years', 'Scientific Communications', 'new colleagues', 'future events', 'regulatory filings', 'historical data', 'competition reasons', 'market share', 'unknown risks', 'financial targets', 'external-growth assumptions', 'commercial targets', 'Sandra Silvestri', '5,000 colleagues', 'Sandra.', 'Ipsen', 'EVP', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '24 April', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'appointment', 'ELT', 'CEO', 'aspect', 'pipeline', 'people', 'Sanofi', 'Excellence', 'execution', 'decade', 'vision', 'physicians', 'patients', 'areas', 'endocrinology', 'Master', 'degree', 'genetics', 'Italian', 'ENDS', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'FY', '100 countries', 'research', 'innovative', 'heart', 'Oxford', 'Cambridge', 'Shanghai', 'China', 'information', 'Contacts', 'forward', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'Use', 'words', 'expects', 'expectations', 'determinations', 'document', 'account', 'parameters', 'facts', 'loss']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23589,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2652398/0/en/Ipsen-appoints-Sandra-Silvestri-as-EVP-Chief-Medical-Officer-and-Head-of-Global-Medical-Affairs-Patient-Safety-and-Patient-Affairs.html,Ipsen appoints Sandra Silvestri as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient Affairs,Ipsen appoints Sandra Silvestri as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient Affairs    PARIS  FRANCE ...,English FrenchIpsen appoints Sandra Silvestri as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient AffairsPARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  announced today the appointment of Sandra Silvestri  M.D.  Ph.D.  as EVP  Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Medical Affairs  Patient Safety and Patient Affairs  effective 5 May 2023. She will serve on the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) and report directly to Ipsen’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO)  David Loew.“Along with the ELT  I am very pleased to welcome Sandra to Ipsen. Her deep experience in every aspect of Medical will be critical as we continue to broaden our pipeline while delivering our specialty medicines to even more people around the world ” said David Loew  CEO  Ipsen.Sandra brings years of extensive medical experience in the global biopharmaceutical industry and joins Ipsen after spending eight years at Sanofi. Since 2020  she has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of the General Medicines Global Business Unit  and Global Head of Medical Affairs Capabilities Centre of Excellence and Medical Hub  where she was responsible for worldwide medical affairs strategy and execution. She also represented Medical in the Company Executive Compliance Committee. Previously  for over a decade  Sandra held numerous national and international roles at Eli Lilly across R&D and Scientific Communications  and as Regional Medical Director  where she led strategic transformation projects.“I’m inspired by Ipsen’s ambitious innovation agenda and vision to serve physicians and patients in areas of high unmet need around the world ” said Sandra. “I am honored to join as Chief Medical Officer and I look forward to working with my new colleagues at Ipsen.”Sandra is a medical doctor who specialized in endocrinology and metabolic diseases. She holds a postdoctoral fellowship in emergency medicine  a Ph.D. in internal medicine and cardiovascular disease  and a Master’s degree in genetics and pharmacogenetics of bone mineral disorders. She speaks Italian  English  French.Steven Hildemann  M.D.  Ph.D.  who served as Ipsen’s Chief Medical Officer for three years and successfully led a deep transformation of Global Medical Affairs and Patient Safety  will leave Ipsen to pursue other opportunities after handing over to Sandra.ENDSAbout IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 000 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:ContactsInvestors Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193Media Amy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy & Communications+41 79 576 07 23 Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.05,0.56,True,English,"['Chief Medical Officer', 'Global Medical Affairs', 'Patient Affairs', 'Sandra Silvestri', 'Patient Safety', 'Ipsen', 'EVP', 'Head', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'Investors Craig Marks Vice President', 'General Medicines Global Business Unit', 'Company Executive Compliance Committee', 'global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company', 'global, mid-sized biopharmaceutical company', 'Medical Affairs Capabilities Centre', 'worldwide medical affairs strategy', 'Senior Vice President', 'global biopharmaceutical industry', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Global Medical Affairs', 'ambitious innovation agenda', 'high unmet need', 'bone mineral disorders', 'differentiated technological platforms', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Regional Medical Director', 'Corporate Brand Strategy', 'strategic transformation projects', 'early development phase', 'extensive medical experience', 'reasonable macroeconomic conditions', 'potential future acquisitions', 'Global Media Relations', 'Patient Affairs', 'Medical Hub', 'medical doctor', 'external-innovation strategy', 'management strategy', 'Global Head', 'deep experience', 'specialty medicines', 'deep transformation', 'transformative medicines', 'development efforts', 'Investor Relations', 'Senior Manager', 'English French', 'Patient Safety', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'David Loew', 'numerous national', 'international roles', 'Eli Lilly', 'R&D', 'metabolic diseases', 'postdoctoral fellowship', 'emergency medicine', 'internal medicine', 'cardiovascular disease', 'Steven Hildemann', 'other opportunities', 'Rare Disease', 'total sales', 'leading biotechnological', 'life-science hubs', 'U.K.', 'U.S.', 'Amy Wolf', 'Ioana Piscociu', 'looking statements', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'actual results', 'future ability', 'similar expressions', 'promising medicine', 'clinical trial', 'generic medicine', 'eight years', 'three years', 'Scientific Communications', 'new colleagues', 'future events', 'regulatory filings', 'historical data', 'competition reasons', 'market share', 'unknown risks', 'financial targets', 'external-growth assumptions', 'commercial targets', 'Sandra Silvestri', '5,000 colleagues', 'Sandra.', 'Ipsen', 'EVP', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '24 April', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'appointment', 'ELT', 'CEO', 'aspect', 'pipeline', 'people', 'Sanofi', 'Excellence', 'execution', 'decade', 'vision', 'physicians', 'patients', 'areas', 'endocrinology', 'Master', 'degree', 'genetics', 'Italian', 'ENDS', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'FY', '100 countries', 'research', 'innovative', 'heart', 'Oxford', 'Cambridge', 'Shanghai', 'China', 'information', 'Contacts', 'forward', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'Use', 'words', 'expects', 'expectations', 'determinations', 'document', 'account', 'parameters', 'facts', 'loss']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23590,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-RENOV-VEIS-S-A-3073163/news/Google-and-EDPR-Partner-on-500-MW-AC-Environmental-Justice-Program-Marking-the-Largest-Corporate-Ba-43620945/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Google and EDPR Partner on 500 MW AC Environmental Justice Program  Marking the Largest Corporate Backing of Distributed Solar in the United States,(marketscreener.com) Google and EDPR announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MWAC.New York  New York  April 24  2023 -- New York  NY  April 24  2023- Google and EDPR NA Distributed Gener…,Google and EDPR announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MWAC.New York  New York  April 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- New York  NY  April 24  2023- Google and EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC (EDPR NA DG)  the distributed generation (DG) business unit of EDP Renewables North America (EDPR NA)  are pleased to announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MW AC . The deal aligns with an environmental justice program benefiting over 25 000 families in low-to-moderate income (LMI) communities—with an initial focus on projects in the PJM Interconnection service area  which stretches from New Jersey to Ohio. The initial projects will be built in Ohio  where Google operates a data center campus in New Albany and Google Cloud region in Columbus.The unparalleled transaction with Google marks the largest corporate sponsorship of distributed solar development in the United States  according to data from S&P Global and BloombergNEF.The initiative  named the Clean Energy Financial Benefit Sharing Program  will be funded  in part  through Google’s purchase of a novel renewable energy credit (REC) called the ImpactREC™.The ImpactREC™  like other traditional RECs  is generated in and eligible for the applicable compliance market; however  its minting carries additional covenants certifying direct community investment and direct LMI benefit. The ImpactREC™ program synthetically provides similar economic benefits of community solar in jurisdictions currently lacking supportive legislation. The EDPR NA DG team  led by Christopher Rittenhouse and Adam Woda  collaborated with Google over the last two years to conceive and develop the ImpactREC™ product and its supporting framework agreement.“What we heard through interviews with local community leaders and Environmental Justice advocates was that the disproportionate impact of high energy burden remains a primary barrier to an equitable energy transition. Partnering with EDPR NA DG  we aim to reduce energy burden in the communities where we operate  while progressing toward our 24/7 carbon-free energy goal ” said Sana Ouji  Energy Lead  Google. “We are grateful to EDPR for their partnership  collaboration and steady focus on our shared mission  and excited to have the opportunity to contribute to our data center communities by extending the benefits of our clean energy investments.”“We’re proud to collaborate with Google on such an innovative and impactful program that speaks to our values ” added Gustavo Monteiro  EDPR NA DG Chief Executive Officer. “We are appreciative to Google for anchoring the ImpactREC™ and are looking forward to increasing participation throughout the compliance procurement community as our industry expands this product.”In addition to the ImpactREC™ purchase  the program includes the creation of a community impact fund valued at $12 million. The fund focuses on initiatives reducing energy poverty in the communities where the projects are built. Google and EDPR NA DG are committed to localized social and economic justice as part of the transition to a sustainable future.“The partnership with Google paves the way for the creation of a new  corporate-led  market segment focused on breaking down the typical barriers associated with the rapid  distributed  and equitable decarbonization of the energy system ” added Richard Dovere  Chief Investment Officer of EDPR NA DG. “A major feature of this partnership is its ‘open book’ approach. Over the coming weeks  we will release the blueprints to the market with the intention to make the ImpactREC™ the defining incentive methodology to enable localized renewable development linked with environmental justice.”The initiative is made possible partly because of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) passed in 2022  which includes landmark tax incentives for domestic energy production and manufacturing. The ImpactREC™ leverages these incentives to provide direct investment into communities throughout the Midwest and Northeast and enable economic benefits for LMI communities.ABOUT EDP RENEWABLES NORTH AMERICA DISTRIBUTED GENERATION:At EDPR NA Distributed Generation (EDPR NA DG)  accelerating the adoption and success of distributed generation is at the core of our mission. EDPR NA DG provides cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services to the entire North American region. Built on long-standing relationships with developers  power generators  corporate purchasers  municipalities  and local communities  EDPR NA DG delivers a full suite of offerings ranging from financing and development to construction and operation of energy and storage assets poised to scale. For more information  visit www.edprnadg.com.EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is a global leader in the renewable energy sector and the world’s fourth-largest renewable energy producer. With a sound development pipeline  first-class assets  and market-leading operating capacity  EDPR has undergone exceptional development in recent years and is present in 29 international markets across Europe  Latin America  North America  and Asia.ABOUT EDP RENEWABLES NORTH AMERICA:EDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  its affiliates  and its subsidiaries develop  construct  own  and operate wind farms and solar parks throughout North America. Headquartered in Houston  Texas  with 58 wind farms  nine solar parks  and eight regional offices across North America  EDPR NA has developed more than 8 800 megawatts (MW) and operates more than 8 200 MW of onshore utility-scale renewable energy projects. With more than 950 employees  EDPR NA’s highly qualified team has a proven capacity to execute projects across the continent. For more information  visit https://www.edpr.com/north-america/.EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is a global leader in the renewable energy sector and the world’s fourth-largest renewable energy producer. With a sound development pipeline  first-class assets  and market-leading operating capacity  EDPR has undergone exceptional development in recent years and is present in 29 international markets across Europe  Latin America  North America  and Asia.ABOUT SOL SYSTEMS:Sol Systems is a leading national solar energy firm with an established reputation for integrity and reliability across its development  infrastructure  and environmental commodity businesses. Sol Systems is operating and building over 1.5 GW of solar projects valued at more than $2 billion for Fortune 100 companies  municipalities  counties  utilities  universities  and schools and provides environmental commodity portfolio management services to more than 20 000 customers across the U.S. The company was founded in 2008  is based in Washington  D.C.  and is led by its founder. Sol Systems works with institutional clients  corporate partners  and foundations to create a more sustainable future we can all believe in. For more information  visit https://www.solsystems.com/.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.73,0.02,0.25,True,English,"['500 MW AC Environmental Justice Program', 'Largest Corporate Backing', 'EDPR Partner', 'Distributed Solar', 'United States', 'Google', 'EDP RENEWABLES NORTH AMERICA DISTRIBUTED GENERATION', 'EDPR NA DG Chief Executive Officer', 'cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC', 'The EDPR NA DG team', 'entire North American region', 'PJM Interconnection service area', '24/7 carbon-free energy goal', 'novel renewable energy credit', 'largest renewable energy producer', '80 distributed solar PV projects', 'new, corporate-led, market segment', 'Chief Investment Officer', 'renewable energy sector', 'distributed solar development', 'largest corporate sponsorship', 'other traditional RECs', 'last two years', 'open book’ approach', 'defining incentive methodology', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'market-leading operating capacity', 'Energy Financial Benefit', 'clean energy investments', 'domestic energy production', 'compliance procurement community', 'localized renewable development', 'applicable compliance market', 'S&P Global', 'high energy burden', 'sound development pipeline', 'data center campus', 'local community leaders', 'Environmental Justice advocates', 'direct community investment', 'direct LMI benefit', 'landmark tax incentives', 'supporting framework agreement', 'Google Cloud region', 'equitable energy transition', 'environmental justice program', 'similar economic benefits', 'community impact fund', 'The ImpactREC™ program', 'data center communities', 'community solar', 'direct investment', 'Energy Lead', 'energy poverty', 'energy system', 'economic justice', 'disproportionate impact', 'localized social', 'equitable decarbonization', 'corporate purchasers', 'global leader', 'initial projects', 'exceptional development', 'New York', 'New Jersey', 'New Albany', 'impactful program', 'local communities', 'LMI) communities', 'LMI communities', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'moderate income', 'initial focus', 'unparalleled transaction', 'United States', 'additional covenants', 'supportive legislation', 'Christopher Rittenhouse', 'Adam Woda', 'primary barrier', 'Sana Ouji', 'steady focus', 'Gustavo Monteiro', 'sustainable future', 'typical barriers', 'Richard Dovere', 'major feature', 'coming weeks', 'long-standing relationships', 'power generators', 'full suite', 'storage assets', 'first-class assets', 'ImpactREC™ product', 'ImpactREC™ purchase', 'signing', '500 MWAC', 'April', 'deal', '25,000 families', 'Ohio', 'Columbus', 'BloombergNEF', 'initiative', 'part', 'minting', 'jurisdictions', 'interviews', 'collaboration', 'mission', 'opportunity', 'values', 'industry', 'creation', 'way', 'blueprints', 'intention', 'IRA', 'manufacturing', 'Midwest', 'Northeast', 'adoption', 'success', 'core', 'developers', 'municipalities', 'offerings', 'financing', 'construction', 'operation', 'information', 'world']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23591,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2652683/0/en/Google-and-EDPR-Partner-on-500-MW-AC-Environmental-Justice-Program-Marking-the-Largest-Corporate-Backing-of-Distributed-Solar-in-the-United-States.html,Google and EDPR Partner on 500 MW AC Environmental Justice Program  Marking the Largest Corporate Backing of Distributed Solar in the United States,Google and EDPR announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MWAC. Google and EDPR announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling…,New York  New York  April 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- New York  NY  April 24  2023- Google and EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC (EDPR NA DG)  the distributed generation (DG) business unit of EDP Renewables North America (EDPR NA)  are pleased to announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MW AC . The deal aligns with an environmental justice program benefiting over 25 000 families in low-to-moderate income (LMI) communities—with an initial focus on projects in the PJM Interconnection service area  which stretches from New Jersey to Ohio. The initial projects will be built in Ohio  where Google operates a data center campus in New Albany and Google Cloud region in Columbus.The unparalleled transaction with Google marks the largest corporate sponsorship of distributed solar development in the United States  according to data from S&P Global and BloombergNEF.The initiative  named the Clean Energy Financial Benefit Sharing Program  will be funded  in part  through Google’s purchase of a novel renewable energy credit (REC) called the ImpactREC™.The ImpactREC™  like other traditional RECs  is generated in and eligible for the applicable compliance market; however  its minting carries additional covenants certifying direct community investment and direct LMI benefit. The ImpactREC™ program synthetically provides similar economic benefits of community solar in jurisdictions currently lacking supportive legislation. The EDPR NA DG team  led by Christopher Rittenhouse and Adam Woda  collaborated with Google over the last two years to conceive and develop the ImpactREC™ product and its supporting framework agreement.“What we heard through interviews with local community leaders and Environmental Justice advocates was that the disproportionate impact of high energy burden remains a primary barrier to an equitable energy transition. Partnering with EDPR NA DG  we aim to reduce energy burden in the communities where we operate  while progressing toward our 24/7 carbon-free energy goal ” said Sana Ouji  Energy Lead  Google. “We are grateful to EDPR for their partnership  collaboration and steady focus on our shared mission  and excited to have the opportunity to contribute to our data center communities by extending the benefits of our clean energy investments.”“We’re proud to collaborate with Google on such an innovative and impactful program that speaks to our values ” added Gustavo Monteiro  EDPR NA DG Chief Executive Officer. “We are appreciative to Google for anchoring the ImpactREC™ and are looking forward to increasing participation throughout the compliance procurement community as our industry expands this product.”In addition to the ImpactREC™ purchase  the program includes the creation of a community impact fund valued at $12 million. The fund focuses on initiatives reducing energy poverty in the communities where the projects are built. Google and EDPR NA DG are committed to localized social and economic justice as part of the transition to a sustainable future.“The partnership with Google paves the way for the creation of a new  corporate-led  market segment focused on breaking down the typical barriers associated with the rapid  distributed  and equitable decarbonization of the energy system ” added Richard Dovere  Chief Investment Officer of EDPR NA DG. “A major feature of this partnership is its ‘open book’ approach. Over the coming weeks  we will release the blueprints to the market with the intention to make the ImpactREC™ the defining incentive methodology to enable localized renewable development linked with environmental justice.”The initiative is made possible partly because of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) passed in 2022  which includes landmark tax incentives for domestic energy production and manufacturing. The ImpactREC™ leverages these incentives to provide direct investment into communities throughout the Midwest and Northeast and enable economic benefits for LMI communities.ABOUT EDP RENEWABLES NORTH AMERICA DISTRIBUTED GENERATION:At EDPR NA Distributed Generation (EDPR NA DG)  accelerating the adoption and success of distributed generation is at the core of our mission. EDPR NA DG provides cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services to the entire North American region. Built on long-standing relationships with developers  power generators  corporate purchasers  municipalities  and local communities  EDPR NA DG delivers a full suite of offerings ranging from financing and development to construction and operation of energy and storage assets poised to scale. For more information  visit www.edprnadg.com.EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is a global leader in the renewable energy sector and the world’s fourth-largest renewable energy producer. With a sound development pipeline  first-class assets  and market-leading operating capacity  EDPR has undergone exceptional development in recent years and is present in 29 international markets across Europe  Latin America  North America  and Asia.ABOUT EDP RENEWABLES NORTH AMERICA:EDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  its affiliates  and its subsidiaries develop  construct  own  and operate wind farms and solar parks throughout North America. Headquartered in Houston  Texas  with 58 wind farms  nine solar parks  and eight regional offices across North America  EDPR NA has developed more than 8 800 megawatts (MW) and operates more than 8 200 MW of onshore utility-scale renewable energy projects. With more than 950 employees  EDPR NA’s highly qualified team has a proven capacity to execute projects across the continent. For more information  visit https://www.edpr.com/north-america/.EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is a global leader in the renewable energy sector and the world’s fourth-largest renewable energy producer. With a sound development pipeline  first-class assets  and market-leading operating capacity  EDPR has undergone exceptional development in recent years and is present in 29 international markets across Europe  Latin America  North America  and Asia.ABOUT SOL SYSTEMS:Sol Systems is a leading national solar energy firm with an established reputation for integrity and reliability across its development  infrastructure  and environmental commodity businesses. Sol Systems is operating and building over 1.5 GW of solar projects valued at more than $2 billion for Fortune 100 companies  municipalities  counties  utilities  universities  and schools and provides environmental commodity portfolio management services to more than 20 000 customers across the U.S. The company was founded in 2008  is based in Washington  D.C.  and is led by its founder. Sol Systems works with institutional clients  corporate partners  and foundations to create a more sustainable future we can all believe in. For more information  visit https://www.solsystems.com/.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.11,0.31,True,English,"['500 MW AC Environmental Justice Program', 'Largest Corporate Backing', 'EDPR Partner', 'Distributed Solar', 'United States', 'Google', 'EDPR NA DG Chief Executive Officer', 'EDP RENEWABLES NORTH AMERICA DISTRIBUTED GENERATION', 'cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC', 'The EDPR NA DG team', 'PJM Interconnection service area', 'entire North American region', '24/7 carbon-free energy goal', 'novel renewable energy credit', 'largest renewable energy producer', 'new, corporate-led, market segment', '80 distributed solar PV projects', 'Chief Investment Officer', 'renewable energy sector', 'distributed solar development', 'largest corporate sponsorship', 'other traditional RECs', 'open book’ approach', 'defining incentive methodology', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'market-leading operating capacity', 'clean energy investments', 'domestic energy production', 'compliance procurement community', 'localized renewable development', 'applicable compliance market', 'S&P Global', 'last two years', 'sound development pipeline', 'high energy burden', 'data center campus', 'local community leaders', 'Environmental Justice advocates', 'direct community investment', 'direct LMI benefit', 'supporting framework agreement', 'landmark tax incentives', 'Google Cloud region', 'environmental justice program', 'equitable energy transition', 'similar economic benefits', 'community impact fund', 'The ImpactREC™ program', 'data center communities', 'community solar', 'Latin America', 'direct investment', 'Energy Financial', 'Energy Lead', 'energy poverty', 'energy system', 'economic justice', 'disproportionate impact', 'localized social', 'equitable decarbonization', 'corporate purchasers', 'global leader', 'recent years', 'exceptional development', 'New York', 'New Jersey', 'New Albany', 'impactful program', 'local communities', 'LMI) communities', 'LMI communities', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'moderate income', 'initial focus', 'initial projects', 'unparalleled transaction', 'United States', 'additional covenants', 'supportive legislation', 'Christopher Rittenhouse', 'Adam Woda', 'primary barrier', 'Sana Ouji', 'steady focus', 'Gustavo Monteiro', 'sustainable future', 'typical barriers', 'Richard Dovere', 'major feature', 'coming weeks', 'long-standing relationships', 'power generators', 'full suite', 'storage assets', 'first-class assets', '29 international markets', 'ImpactREC™ product', 'ImpactREC™ purchase', 'April', 'signing', '500 MW', 'deal', '25,000 families', 'Ohio', 'Columbus', 'BloombergNEF', 'initiative', 'part', 'minting', 'jurisdictions', 'interviews', 'collaboration', 'mission', 'opportunity', 'values', 'industry', 'creation', 'way', 'blueprints', 'intention', 'IRA', 'manufacturing', 'Midwest', 'Northeast', 'adoption', 'success', 'core', 'developers', 'municipalities', 'offerings', 'financing', 'construction', 'operation', 'scale', 'information', 'world', 'Europe', 'Asia']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23592,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2652395/0/en/ForFarmers-N-V-Update-share-buy-back-programme-ForFarmers.html,ForFarmers N.V.: Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers,Lochem  24 April 2023                    ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 25 342 shares in the period from 18 April 2023 through 21 April......,"English DutchLochem  24 April 2023ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 25 342 shares in the period from 18 April 2023 through 21 April 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.91 per share  for a total amount of €73 777. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 13 April 2023. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes and obligations from employee participation plans 2022. It concerns a maximum of 625 000 shares  for a maximum amount of € 3 125 000.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en .This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions)Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 194 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that offers complete and innovative feed solutions for livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and further sustainalising the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of approximately 9 million tons of animal feed. The company is operating in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately € 3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'ForFarmers future financial results', 'general economic conditions', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'Director Investor Relations', 'P.O. Box', 'employee participation plans', 'innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'share price fluctuations', 'share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'market leader', 'annual sales', 'annual report', 'average price', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'actual results', 'future results', 'legal procedures', 'ForFarmers website', 'English Dutch', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', '9 million tons', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'future events', 'More information', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'new information', 'maximum amount', '7240 AB Lochem', 'other factors', 'livestock farming', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '24 April', '25,342 shares', 'period', '18 April', '21 April', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '13 April', '625,000 shares', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'complete', 'mission', 'continuity', 'Europe', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23593,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EPIC-ACQUISITION-CORP-130201015/news/EPIC-Acquisition-24-April-2023-Board-Non-Extension-Decision-Lapsed-43623736/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,EPIC Acquisition : 24 April 2023 Board Non Extension Decision Lapsed,(marketscreener.com)   AMSTERDAM - 24 April 2023 17:05 CET / EPIC Acquisition Corp announces that the Company's board of directors have not exercised the Board Non-ExtensionDecision  which lapsed at 17:00 CET on 24 April 2023.   As a result  the Extensio…,"AMSTERDAM - 24 April 2023 17:05 CET / EPIC Acquisition Corp (the ""Company"") announces that the Company's board of directors have not exercised the Board Non-ExtensionDecision  which lapsed at 17:00 CET on 24 April 2023.As a result  the Extension Proposal comprised of the following inter-linked steps will be implemented:the Initial Business Combination Deadline will be extended by the First Extension (the InitialBusiness Combination Deadline  subject to any extensions  the "" Business Combination Deadline "") and the Board will be entitled to further extend the Business Combination Deadline pursuant to the Board Extension Right; (ii) the Revised Share Redemption Arrangement pursuant to which the Class A Ordinary Shares tendered for redemption during the Pre-Extension Redemption Period will be redeemed on 25 April 2023 in accordance with the terms of the Revised Share Redemption Arrangement; (iii) the Positive Interest Treatment; (iv) the Overfunding Redemption and (v) the Article Amendments will become effective.In order to allow sufficient time for the aggregate redemption amount to be withdrawn from the Escrow Account  it is expected that ABN AMRO will make payment to shareholders' financial intermediaries of the gross redemption price for redeemed Ordinary Class A Shares (such redemption price anticipated to be around €10.32 per Ordinary Class A Share)  within three business days following the Initial Business Combination Deadline. The timing of receipt of payment by shareholders will in turn depend on such financial intermediaries.Further information and the meanings of any capitalised terms (unless otherwise herein defined) can be found in the shareholder circular published on the Company's website on 30 March 2023:https://www.epicacquisitioncorp.com/investorrelationsAbout EPIC Acquisition CorpEPIC Acquisition Corp was admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam on 6 December 2021  raising €150 million.The Company is sponsored by EAC Sponsor Limited (the ""Sponsor"")  which is jointly led by EPIC Investment Partners (""EPIC"")  a UK headquartered investment  advisory and administration firm which has 20 years' experience of using publicly listed vehicles to make private equity investments  and TTB Partners (""TTB"")  a Hong Kong-based investment and advisory business  which has extensive local relationships across Asia and a strong track record of helping global brands access and develop in Asian markets.The leadership team of the Sponsor is comprised of Giles Brand and James Henderson of EPIC  Teresa Teague  the co-founder of TTB  and Peter Norris  the chairman of the Virgin Group (collectively  the ""Leadership Team""). Giles Brand is the founder and Managing Partner of EPIC. Before founding TTB  Teresa Teague was a Partner at Goldman Sachs and most recently Co-Head of the Consumer and TMT Groups in Asia ex. Japan.The leadership team is supported by dedicated teams within EPIC and TTB. The combined platforms of EPIC and TTB span the UK  Hong Kong  Guernsey  Ireland and India and include c.250 employees  with 30 investment and advisory professionals.EU-DOCS43401635.1",neutral,0.0,0.93,0.07,positive,0.64,0.36,0.0,True,English,"['Non Extension Decision', 'EPIC Acquisition', '24 April', 'Board', 'Class A Ordinary Shares', 'Ordinary Class A Shares', 'Revised Share Redemption Arrangement', 'Initial Business Combination Deadline', 'three business days', 'following inter-linked steps', 'Positive Interest Treatment', 'private equity investments', 'extensive local relationships', 'strong track record', 'global brands access', 'Pre-Extension Redemption Period', 'aggregate redemption amount', 'gross redemption price', 'Hong Kong-based investment', 'EPIC Acquisition Corp', 'EAC Sponsor Limited', 'UK headquartered investment', 'Board Extension Right', ""shareholders' financial intermediaries"", 'EPIC Investment Partners', 'advisory business', 'Overfunding Redemption', 'Extension Proposal', 'First Extension', 'Article Amendments', 'sufficient time', 'Escrow Account', 'ABN AMRO', 'Further information', 'shareholder circular', 'administration firm', ""20 years' experience"", 'Asian markets', 'leadership team', 'Giles Brand', 'James Henderson', 'Teresa Teague', 'Peter Norris', 'Virgin Group', 'Goldman Sachs', 'TMT Groups', 'dedicated teams', 'combined platforms', 'c.250 employees', 'Board Non-ExtensionDecision', 'TTB Partners', 'advisory professionals', 'capitalised terms', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Managing Partner', 'The Company', '30 investment', '24 April', 'CET', 'directors', 'result', 'extensions', '25 April', 'accordance', 'order', 'payment', 'timing', 'receipt', 'turn', 'meanings', 'website', '30 March', 'epicacquisitioncorp', 'investorrelations', 'trading', '6 December', 'vehicles', 'founder', 'chairman', 'Consumer', 'Japan', 'Guernsey', 'Ireland', 'India', '17']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIVORYON-THERAPEUTICS-N-V-60857040/news/Vivoryon-Therapeutics-N-V-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-Conferences-43617391/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Participate in Upcoming Conferences,(marketscreener.com) Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Participate in Upcoming Conferences Halle / Munich  Germany  April 24  2023 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.   a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modu…,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Participate in Upcoming ConferencesHalle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  April 24  2023 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: VVY; NL00150002Q7) (Vivoryon)  a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modulate the activity and stability of pathologically altered proteins  today announced that the Company’s management will participate in the following investor conferences:Van Lanschot Kempen Life Sciences Conference Amsterdam (April 25-26  2023)Date: April 25  2023Only one-on-one meetingsVenue: Van Lanschot Kempen Office; Amsterdam  The NetherlandsBio€quity Europe (May 14-16  2023)Date: May 16  2023Presentation Time: 10:44 am ISTVenue: Convention Centre Dublin; Dublin  Ireland###About Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative small molecule-based medicines. Driven by our passion for ground-breaking science and innovation  we strive to change the lives of patients in need suffering from severe diseases. We leverage our in-depth expertise in understanding post-translational modifications to develop medicines that modulate the activity and stability of proteins which are altered in disease settings. Beyond our lead program  varoglutamstat  which is in Phase 2 clinical development to treat Alzheimer’s disease  we have established a solid pipeline of orally available small molecule inhibitors for various indications including cancer  inflammatory diseases and fibrosis. www.vivoryon.comVivoryon Forward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  those regarding the business strategy  management plans and objectives for future operations of the Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (the “Company”)  estimates and projections with respect to the market for the Company’s products and forecasts and statements as to when the Company’s products may be available. Words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “project ” “predict ” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance; rather they are based on the Management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and trends  the economy and other future conditions. The forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors could materially adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements and from expectations. As a result  no undue reliance should be placed on such forward-looking statements. This press release does not contain risk factors. Certain risk factors that may affect the Company’s future financial results are discussed in the published annual financial statements of the Company. This press release  including any forward-looking statements  speaks only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any information or forward-looking statements contained herein  save for any information required to be disclosed by law.For more information  please contact:Investor ContactStern IRJulie SeidelTel: +1 212-698-8684Email: SternIR-Vivoryon@sternir.comMedia ContactTrophic CommunicationsValeria FisherTel: +49 175 8041816Email: vivoryon@trophic.eu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Upcoming Conferences', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Life Sciences Conference Amsterdam', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Office', 'Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'innovative small molecule-based medicines', 'Investor Contact Stern IR', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'small molecule inhibitors', 'small molecule medicines', 'Bio€quity Europe', 'Upcoming Conferences Halle', 'clinical stage company', 'Phase 2 clinical development', 'Convention Centre Dublin', 'other future conditions', 'annual financial statements', 'future financial results', 'investor conferences', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Media Contact', 'financial effects', 'other factors', 'Actual results', 'future operations', 'one meetings', 'The Netherlands', 'Presentation Time', 'ground-breaking science', 'depth expertise', 'post-translational modifications', 'lead program', 'solid pipeline', 'various indications', 'press release', 'business strategy', 'similar expressions', 'undue reliance', 'risk factors', 'Julie Seidel', 'Trophic Communications', 'Valeria Fisher', 'forward-looking statements', 'future performance', 'future events', 'The Company', 'severe diseases', 'disease settings', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'management plans', 'Saale', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'April', 'VVY', 'discovery', 'activity', 'stability', 'proteins', 'Date', 'Venue', 'May', 'Ireland', 'passion', 'innovation', 'lives', 'patients', 'need', 'varoglutamstat', 'Alzheimer', 'cancer', 'fibrosis', 'limitation', 'objectives', 'estimates', 'projections', 'respect', 'market', 'products', 'forecasts', 'Words', 'predict', 'will', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'trends', 'economy', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'outcome', 'obligation', 'information', 'law', 'Tel', 'Email', 'SternIR-Vivoryon']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-N-V-Update-share-buy-back-programme-ForFarmers-43617664/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,ForFarmers N.V.: Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  24 April 2023 ForFarmers N.V. has repurchased 25 342 shares in the period from 18 April 2023 through 21 April 2023. The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.91 per share  for a total amount of €73 777. These repurchas…,"Lochem  24 April 2023ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 25 342 shares in the period from 18 April 2023 through 21 April 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.91 per share  for a total amount of €73 777. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 13 April 2023. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes and obligations from employee participation plans 2022. It concerns a maximum of 625 000 shares  for a maximum amount of € 3 125 000.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en .This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions)Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 194 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that offers complete and innovative feed solutions for livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and further sustainalising the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of approximately 9 million tons of animal feed. The company is operating in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately € 3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'general economic conditions', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'Director Investor Relations', 'P.O. Box', 'employee participation plans', 'innovative feed solutions', 'share price fluctuations', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'share buy-back programme', 'future financial results', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'market leader', 'annual sales', 'annual report', 'average price', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'legal procedures', 'actual results', 'future results', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', '9 million tons', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'ForFarmers website', 'More information', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'new information', 'future events', 'maximum amount', '7240 AB Lochem', 'other factors', 'livestock farming', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '24 April', '25,342 shares', 'period', '18 April', '21 April', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '13 April', '625,000 shares', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'complete', 'mission', 'continuity', 'Europe', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23596,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-332CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-April-17-21-2023-43619932/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Piquadro S p A : 332CS Piquadro buy back purchase week April 17 21 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   April 24  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the p…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  April 24  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from April 17th to April 21st  2023  it purchased no. 6 310 treasury shares for a total consideration of 11 095.96 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 04/17/2023 550 1.7500 962.50 04/18/2023 2 400 1.7454 4 188.96 04/19/2023 1 500 1.7496 2 624.40 04/20/2023 1 860 1.7850 3 320.10 Total 6 310 1.7585 11 095.96Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of April 21st  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 911 350 treasury shares  equal to 3.8227% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 175 stores including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 81 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 20 abroad  of which 74 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2022/2023 ended on March 31  2023  is equal to € 175.6 million.Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '332CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'April', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', 'Piquadro product', '6,310 treasury shares', '1,911,350 treasury shares', 'total consideration', '81 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'BACK PLAN', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '33 franchised stores', '175 stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'April', 'reference', 'period', '11,095.96 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '74 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'March', 'October', '2']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23597,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KYOTO-GROUP-AS-120591109/news/Kyoto-Annual-Report-2022-43618011/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Kyoto : Annual Report 2022,"(marketscreener.com)  Oslo  Norway  24 April 2023- Kyoto Group today published its 2022 Annual Report and will provide a live business update on the commercialization of its Heatcube thermal energy storage solution.    ""2022 was a year of tremendous prog…","Oslo  Norway  24 April 2023- Kyoto Group today published its 2022 Annual Report and will provide a live business update on the commercialization of its Heatcube thermal energy storage solution.""2022 was a year of tremendous progress for Kyoto. We installed the first commercial Heatcube  built a strong commercial pipeline  launched the second-generation Heatcube and significantly strengthened the organization. This formed the foundation for the recently announced cooperation with a world-leading renewable energy company  providing us with game-changing market access in 2023 "" says Camilla Nilsson  CEO of Kyoto Group  and adds:""As we have progressed as a company  the case for decarbonizing industrial heat has also become even more compelling during 2022. Radical political change is taking place to change the world's CO2 trajectory  and the necessary growth of wind and solar is impossible to sustain without energy storage. Half of the world's energy is used for heat  and half of that again is for industrial process heat. This illustrates Kyoto's huge potential market.""Highlights from 2022:First commercial Heatcube at Nordjyllandsværket constructedCommercial pipeline of 2 100 MWh storage developed7 LoIs for Heatcubes signedStrong European Supply chain establishedHeatcube 2.0 launchedWorld-class molten salt expertise in Spain establishedR&D collaboration with KTH strengthenedStrengthened organization to support growth ambitionsKyoto Group today provides a live business update. Highlights:Nordjyllandsværket installation completed  only grid connection and last phase of hot commissioning remains40% increase in commercial pipeline over past six monthsMoU signed with world-leading renewable energy company with several offers for green heat to its customersLoIs and MoUs signed with potential partners and customersHeatcube supply chain established3 patents in filing/filedMaintains target of 5-10 commercial orders in 2023  starting to materialize in Q2Maintains target of EBITDA break-even in 2025CEO Camilla Nilsson  CCO Tim de Haas and CFO Håvard Haukdal will present the business update at 14:00 CEST today. The presentation will be streamed and is expected to last about an hour  including a Q&A session. Questions may be submitted before and during the presentation. Please send them to lelagh.trewhella@kyotogroup.no. Sign up for access to the live stream: https://www.kyotogroup.no/business-update-liveA recorded version of the presentation will be made available on the company's website after the presentation has concluded.Access the Annual Report 2022 in PDF format here.For more information  contact:Håvard Haukdal  Kyoto Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO)havard.haukdal@kyotogroup.no+47 48 10 65 69About Kyoto GroupHeat accounts for half of industrial energy consumption. Traditionally  nearly all of it is based on fossil fuels. Kyoto Group's Heatcube  a thermal energy storage (TES) solution  provides a sustainable and cost-effective alternative by capturing and storing abundant but variable energy from sources such as solar and wind. Founded in 2016  Kyoto Group is headquartered in Oslo  Norway  and has subsidiaries in Spain and Denmark. The Kyoto share is listed on Euronext Growth (ticker: KYOTO).",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.18,0.25,True,English,"['Annual Report', 'Kyoto', 'Kyoto Group Chief Financial Officer', 'Heatcube thermal energy storage solution', 'World-class molten salt expertise', 'CCO Tim de Haas', 'abundant but variable energy', 'Strong European Supply chain', 'world-leading renewable energy company', 'CFO Håvard Haukdal', 'Heatcube supply chain', 'Radical political change', 'R&D collaboration', 'past six months', 'Q&A session', 'industrial energy consumption', '5-10 commercial orders', 'strong commercial pipeline', 'huge potential market', 'first commercial Heatcube', 'The Kyoto share', 'game-changing market access', 'Nordjyllandsværket installation', 'live business update', 'industrial process heat', 'CEO Camilla Nilsson', 'TES) solution', '2 100 MWh storage', 'live stream', 'second-generation Heatcube', 'potential partners', 'industrial heat', '2022 Annual Report', 'tremendous progress', 'CO2 trajectory', 'necessary growth', 'growth ambitions', 'grid connection', 'last phase', 'hot commissioning', 'several offers', 'recorded version', 'PDF format', 'fossil fuels', 'cost-effective alternative', 'Euronext Growth', 'green heat', 'Oslo', 'Norway', 'commercialization', 'year', 'organization', 'foundation', 'cooperation', 'case', 'place', 'wind', 'solar', 'Half', 'Highlights', '7 LoIs', 'Heatcubes', 'Spain', 'KTH', '40% increase', 'MoU', 'customers', '3 patents', 'filing', 'target', 'Q2', 'Maintains', 'EBITDA', 'presentation', 'hour', 'Questions', 'trewhella', 'kyotogroup', 'website', 'information', 'sustainable', 'sources', 'subsidiaries', 'Denmark', '14:00']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23598,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROYAL-VOPAK-N-V-6452/news/Royal-Vopak-signs-agreements-for-a-new-debt-issuance-of-EUR-400-million-equivalent-43617388/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Royal Vopak signs agreements for a new debt issuance of EUR 400 million equivalent,(marketscreener.com) Royal Vopak signs agreements for a new debt issuance of EUR 400 million equivalent Rotterdam  the Netherlands; 24 April 2023 Royal Vopak announces the signing of Note Purchase Agreements for a debt issuance in the US Private Placement mar…,Royal Vopak signs agreements for a new debt issuance of EUR 400 million equivalentRotterdam  the Netherlands; 24 April 2023Royal Vopak announces the signing of Note Purchase Agreements for a debt issuance in the US Private Placement (USPP) market for a total amount of USD 225 million and EUR 193 million. Funding will take place mid June this year and is subject to customary closing conditions.This Senior Notes Program consists of various EUR and USD tranches with maturities ranging from 5 to 10 years. For the USD denominated Notes of 225 million the weighted average fixed annual interest rate is 5.14%. For the EUR denominated Notes of 193 million the weighted average fixed annual interest rate is 4.65%.The proceeds of this USPP will be mainly used to repay outstanding and/or maturing debt in 2023. The program will further align the well spread debt maturity profile of Vopak’s outstanding debt  and will provide maximum flexibility under the current EUR 1 billion Revolving Credit Facility.Michiel Gilsing  Chief Financial Officer of Vopak: “This successful signing of the debt issuance confirms Vopak’s ongoing access to relevant capital markets. This debt issuance will further strengthen our balance sheet and support our capital structure to continue to invest in growth opportunities for Vopak in line with our strategy.”This announcement does not constitute an offer of any securities for sale in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities mentioned herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.About Royal VopakRoyal Vopak is the world’s leading independent tank storage company. We store vital products with care. Products for everyday life. The energy that allows people to cook  heat or cool their homes and for transportation. The chemicals that enable companies to manufacture millions of useful products. The edible oils to prepare food. We take pride in improving access to cleaner energy and feedstocks for a growing world population  ensuring safe  clean and efficient storage and handling of bulk liquid products and gases at strategic locations around the world. We are excited to help shape a sustainable future by developing infrastructure solutions for new vital products  focusing on zero- and low-carbon hydrogen  ammonia  CO2  long duration energy storage and sustainable feedstocks. We have a track record of over 400 years in navigating change and are continuously investing in innovation. On sustainability  we are ambitious and performance driven  with a balanced roadmap that reflects key topics that matter most to our stakeholders and where we can have a positive impact for people  planet and profit and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comFor more information please contactAnalysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relationsinvestor.relations@vopak.comPress: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication global.communication@vopak.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,positive,0.84,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['new debt issuance', 'EUR 400 million equivalent', 'Royal Vopak', 'agreements', 'current EUR 1 billion Revolving Credit Facility', 'average fixed annual interest rate', 'leading independent tank storage company', 'United Nations Sustainable Development Goals', 'spread debt maturity profile', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'long duration energy storage', 'EUR 400 million equivalent', 'US Private Placement', 'customary closing conditions', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'relevant capital markets', 'bulk liquid products', 'Note Purchase Agreements', 'USD denominated Notes', 'new vital products', 'new debt issuance', 'growing world population', 'Senior Notes Program', 'efficient storage', 'various EUR', 'United States', 'sustainable future', 'USD tranches', 'capital structure', 'sustainable feedstocks', 'maturing debt', 'cleaner energy', 'useful products', 'total amount', 'maximum flexibility', 'Michiel Gilsing', 'balance sheet', 'growth opportunities', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable exemption', 'everyday life', 'edible oils', 'safe, clean', 'strategic locations', 'infrastructure solutions', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'track record', 'balanced roadmap', 'key topics', 'positive impact', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Fatjona Topciu', 'Liesbeth Lans', 'External Communication', 'outstanding debt', '5 to 10 years', 'successful signing', 'ongoing access', 'registration requirements', 'Investor Relations', 'Royal Vopak', '400 years', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', '24 April', 'USPP', 'Funding', 'June', 'maturities', 'proceeds', 'line', 'strategy', 'announcement', 'offer', 'sale', 'care', 'people', 'homes', 'transportation', 'chemicals', 'companies', 'millions', 'food', 'pride', 'handling', 'gases', 'ammonia', 'change', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'stakeholders', 'planet', 'profit', 'information', 'Analysts', 'Investors', 'Head', 'Press', 'Manager', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23599,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CASINO-GUICHARD-PERRACHO-4627/news/Groupe-Casino-Groupement-Les-Mousquetaires-TERACT-and-Casino-Group-are-in-exclusive-discussions-t-43617572/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Groupe Casino : Groupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and Casino Group are in exclusive discussions to further develop their industrial and purchasing partnerships and optimise their respective networks,(marketscreener.com) Groupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and Casino Group are in exclusive discussions to further develop their industrial and purchasing partnerships and optimise their respective networks Paris  24 April 2023 As part of the project to creat…,Groupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and Casino Group are in exclusive discussions to further develop their industrial and purchasing partnerships and optimise their respective networksParis  24 April 2023As part of the project to create a new major French player in responsible and sustainable retail activities that enhance farmers’ revenue as announced on 9 March 2023 by Casino Group and TERACT  Groupement Les Mousquetaires  Casino Group and TERACT announce that they are in exclusive discussions to further develop the existing strategic cooperation between Groupement Les Mousquetaires and Casino Group.Groupement Les Mousquetaires and Casino Group are considering to extend their alliances by two years until 2028 (Auxo Achats Alimentaires  Auxo Achats Non Alimentaires and Auxo Achats Non Marchands) and to extend their agreements to the new entity to be formed between Casino Group and TERACT  which would be controlled by Casino Group.It is also considered to build new partnerships between the new entity and Groupement Les Mousquetaires:a purchasing alliance in Private Label (Marque Distributeur) food products a supply from Groupement Les Mousquetaires’ Seafood (Marée) and Butchery (Boucherie) channels  relying on AgroMousquetaires’s recognized know-how an access for Groupement Les Mousquetaires to the recognised expertise in fresh produce channels (filières) of TERACT Ferme France’s  a newly created entity in charge of the supply of agricultural and local products to the entity to be incorporated.In addition  the new entity could transfer to Groupement Les Mousquetaires  over several years and at market value  a number of points of sale from the Casino France perimeter representing a minimum of €1.1 bn of turnover including VAT. While maintaining the overall volume negotiated by the Purchasing alliances and preserving employment  these transfers would allow to accelerate the geographical refocusing of Casino labels on the target and priority regions for its new project and would allow Intermarché to expand its national network.Groupement Les Mousquetaires could also become a minority shareholder in the new entity. In this context  InVivo and Groupement Les Mousquetaires are considering an investment of €300m in the new entity. In accordance with the press release of 9 March 2023  Casino and TERACT’s shareholders of reference have started discussions with other potential investors to complete its fundraising  confirming the objective to raise a total of €500m of additional equity to provide the new entity with the appropriate financial resources to implement its ambitious strategic plan.Depending on their progress  these discussions will be submitted for consultation to the employee representative bodies  the competent regulatory authorities and the respective governance of Casino Group  Groupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and InVivo.As indicated in the press release of 9 March 2023  this project remains conditional on the conclusion of a binding agreement between the parties  which could intervene before the end of the second quarter of 2023 and of which the market will be kept informed.Pursuant to the European Commission's Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055 of 29 June 2016  relating to the technical procedures for the publication and deferral of inside information  this press release was communicated to Casino's authorized distributor for release on 24 April 2023 at 07:45 CET.About CasinoCasino Group is a respected key player on the French retail market and an international leader in food retail  with close to 12 000 stores around the world (in France and Latin America). The Group has developed a portfolio of strong  dynamic and complementary banners  thanks to more than 200 000 employees driven by their passion for retail and customer service  and generated net sales of €33.6 billion in 2022. In all of its host countries  Casino Group focuses its development on the formats with the highest potential and its ability to adapt in order to satisfy the needs of its customers  today and tomorrow.About TERACTTERACT is a major responsible distribution player in the garden centre and pet retail and food distribution growth markets. Our ambition is to create a unique network of brands combining tradition and modernity  agricultural know-how and innovation  in-store and digital experiences. TERACT addresses the demand for a new generation of consumption which is synonymous with quality  sustainability and traceability. TERACT regroups the Garden Centre/Pet Retail brands Jardiland  Gamm vert  Delbard  Jardineries du Terroir and Noa as well as the Food Retail brands Boulangerie Louise  Grand Marché La Marnière  Frais d’Ici and Bio&Co. TERACT's majority shareholder is InVivo  one of the leading agricultural and agri-food groups in Europe.TERACT is listed on the professional segment of Euronext Paris (ticker code: TRACT  ISIN: FR001400BMH7). Further information is available at www.teract.com.About Groupement Les MousquetairesAt the head of their independent sales outlets  the 3 000 Mousquetaires company managers form a group of entrepreneurs committed to the socio-economic fabric of their territories. To meet the needs of their brands  Intermarché  Netto (food); Bricomarché  Brico Cash  Bricorama (home equipment); Roady and Rapid Pare-Brise (mobility)  Les Mousquetaires have their own support services  their own logistics bases and 56 food factories  all located in France. Created in 1969  the Les Mousquetaires Group employs 150 000 people to ensure the performance of over 3 100 local sales outlets in France. Les Mousquetaires also has stores in Belgium  Poland and Portugal. To find out more: www.mousquetaires.com.GROUPE CASINOANALYSTS AND INVESTORSChristopher WELTON – Tel : +33 (0)1 53 65 64 17cwelton.exterieur@groupe-casino.fr+33 (0)1 53 65 24 17IR_Casino@groupe-casino.frPRESS CONTACTSStéphanie Abadie - sabadie@groupe-casino.fr - +33 (0)6 26 27 37 05+33(0)1 53 65 24 78 - directiondelacommunication@groupe-casino.frAgence IMAGE 7Karine Allouis – Tel : +33(0)1 53 70 74 84 - kallouis@image7.frLaurent Poinsot – Tel : + 33(0)6 80 11 73 52 - lpoinsot@image7.frTERACTINVESTORS CONTACTinvestors@teract.comMEDIAS CONTACTmedia@teract.comAziza Bouster - abouster-ext@teract.com - +33 (0)6 07 96 30 91GROUPEMENT LES MOUSQUETAIRESPRESS CONTACTSSource RPMichelle Kamar - 06 09 24 42 42 - michelle@source-rp.comCharlotte Rabilloud - 06 62 03 28 34 - charlotte@source-rp.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Groupement Les Mousquetaires', 'Groupe Casino', 'Casino Group', 'exclusive discussions', 'purchasing partnerships', 'respective networks', 'TERACT', 'industrial', 'Grand Marché La Marnière', 'Food Retail brands Boulangerie Louise', 'Auxo Achats Non Marchands', 'food distribution growth markets', 'Auxo Achats Non Alimentaires', 'major responsible distribution player', 'Groupement Les Mousquetaires’ Seafood', 'Garden Centre/Pet Retail brands', 'new major French player', 'Auxo Achats Alimentaires', 'existing strategic cooperation', 'appropriate financial resources', 'ambitious strategic plan', 'employee representative bodies', 'competent regulatory authorities', 'Jardineries du Terroir', 'sustainable retail activities', 'fresh produce channels', 'other potential investors', 'independent sales outlets', 'French retail market', 'Casino France perimeter', 'TERACT Ferme France', 'Casino Casino Group', 'key player', 'food products', 'Boucherie) channels', 'net sales', 'highest potential', 'new partnerships', 'new generation', 'The Group', 'Casino labels', 'purchasing partnerships', 'respective networks', 'farmers’ revenue', 'two years', 'purchasing alliance', 'Private Label', 'Marque Distributeur', 'Marée', 'filières', 'local products', 'several years', 'market value', 'overall volume', 'geographical refocusing', 'priority regions', 'national network', 'minority shareholder', 'additional equity', 'respective governance', 'binding agreement', 'second quarter', 'European Commission', 'Implementing Regulation', 'technical procedures', 'inside information', 'authorized distributor', 'international leader', 'close to', 'Latin America', 'strong, dynamic', 'complementary banners', 'customer service', 'host countries', 'unique network', 'digital experiences', 'Gamm vert', 'Bio&Co.', 'majority shareholder', 'agri-food groups', 'professional segment', 'ticker code', 'Further information', 'new entity', 'press release', 'agricultural know-how', 'leading agricultural', 'new project', 'exclusive discussions', 'Euronext Paris', '9 March', 'alliances', 'industrial', '24 April', 'agreements', 'supply', 'Butchery', 'AgroMousquetaires', 'access', 'expertise', 'charge', 'number', 'points', 'minimum', '€1.1 bn', 'turnover', 'employment', 'transfers', 'target', 'Intermarché', 'context', 'InVivo', 'investment', 'accordance', 'shareholders', 'reference', 'fundraising', 'objective', 'total', 'progress', 'consultation', 'conclusion', 'parties', '29 June', 'publication', 'deferral', '12,000 stores', 'world', 'portfolio', '200,000 employees', 'passion', 'development', 'formats', 'ability', 'order', 'needs', 'customers', 'tomorrow', 'ambition', 'tradition', 'modernity', 'innovation', 'demand', 'consumption', 'quality', 'Jardiland', 'Delbard', 'Noa', 'Frais', 'Ici', 'TRACT', 'head', '3,000 Mousque', '07:45']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23600,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FREELANCE-COM-32706/news/Freelance-com-Annual-earnings-up-sharply-in-2022-43623253/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Freelance.com: Annual earnings up sharply in 2022,(marketscreener.com) Freelance.comFreelance.com: Annual earnings up sharply in 2022 24-Apr-2023 / 17:55 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.…,"Press release – 24 April 2023Annual earnings up sharply in 2022Reported revenue: +59%EBITDA*: +78%Group net income: +83%Freelance.com (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0004187367 - ALFRE)  the leader in relationship management between businesses and their external talent  is releasing its 2022 full-year financial results (period from 1 January to 31 December 2022)  which have been audited and are presented and commented on below in summary form. They have been prepared on a consolidated basis in accordance with French accounting standards and were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting of 21 April 2023.Audited consolidated data (in €m  French accounting standards) 2022 Consolidated 2021 Consolidated** Change Revenue 800.2 502.6 +59% EBITDA* 27.0 15.2 +78% Operating income/(loss) 24.7 13.8 +79% Net financial income Non-recurring profit/loss Income tax Consolidated income Net income (Group share) (3.1) 0.4 (3.9) 18.1 18.1 (1.2) (0.4) (2.1) 10.0 9.9 (1.9) 0.8 (1.8) +81% +83%*EBITDA = Operating income before depreciation and amortisation and operating provisions  primarily for liabilities and charges and retirement bonuses.**Including Coworkees  TMC France and Helvetic Payroll  consolidated from 5 March  1 July and 1 November 2021  respectively.Consolidated 2022 revenue: €800.2mFreelance.com generated consolidated revenue for financial year 2022 of €800.2m  an increase of 59% compared with €502.6m a year earlier. This growth was driven by the quality of sales momentum  based on a range of services adapted to demand (a +19% increase in organic growth)  and by acquisitions that were strategic and accretive for the Group.In France  Freelance.com's revenue rose 25% to €509.7m.Internationally  revenue grew by a substantial 203% to €290.5m  benefiting in particular from the consolidation of Helvetic Payroll. Total international activity accounted for 36% of the Group's revenue in 2022.Strong growth in EBITDAThe 2022 consolidated financial statements show EBITDA of €27.0m compared with €15.2m in 2021  up 78% year on year. Operating income rose by 79% to €24.7m  compared with €13.8m a year earlier.After taking into account financial and non-recurring income and an income tax expense of €3.9m  Group net income came to €18.1m compared with €9.9m in 2021  representing an increase of 83%.Strengthened equity and solid financial capacityAt the end of 2022  the Group had a stronger balance sheet structure  with equity of €137.9m compared with €116.6m a year earlier.Free cash flow rose by 21% to €81.1m  which includes operating cash flow of €27.9m versus €11.1m in 2021  an increase of 151%.Outlook for 2023Given the positive trends in its underlying activities  the quality of the current sales momentum and the integration over twelve months of the offers and skills from recently acquired companies  the Group is confident in its growth prospects.Freelance.com aims to enhance its value proposition through structural acquisitions of companies sharing the same vision of the ""Future of Work""  with specific know-how  whether complementary or established in new high-potential geographical areas. This will consolidate its status as a leading player in Europe.Upcoming events:15 May 2023: Q1 2023 revenue16 June 2023: 2023 Annual General Meeting28 August 2023: H1 2023 revenueAbout the freelance.com groupPositioned at the heart of the transformation of the labour market  as the leader in relations between businesses and their external talent in France  freelance.com relies on a community of 370 000 consultants and experts working as freelancers or in hyper-specialised SMEs. Freelance.com offers a comprehensive range of services: sourcing expertise  external resource management  project management  wage portage  compliance  etc. With revenue of €800.2m in 2022 (GMV of €820.7m) and operations in France and internationally (Germany  England  Morocco and Switzerland)  Freelance.com is the leading player in the Future of Work with one clear purpose: to open up  simplify and secure relations between businesses and their external talent.Name: FREELANCE.COMISIN code: FR0004187367Ticker: ALFRENumber of shares comprising the share capital: 56 535 254FREELANCE.COMClaude Tempé Vice-ChairmanMobile: +33 (0)6 60 51 60 06 ctempe@freelance.com FREELANCE.COM Florent Briant Chief Financial Officer Mobile: +33 (0)6 95 84 14 18fbriant@freelance.comAPPENDIX 1. BALANCE SHEET / Total ASSETSAudited consolidated data (in €m  French accounting standards) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Fixed assets O/W goodwill 191.2 181.1 187.0 178.6 Current assets O/W Trade receivables O/W Other receivables 192.5 145.7 46.8 154.4 117.6 36.7 Cash 81.1 67.2 Accrual account 2.0 2.4 TOTAL ASSETS 466.7 411.0APPENDIX 2. BALANCE SHEET / Total LIABILITIES",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Annual earnings', 'com', 'Florent Briant Chief Financial Officer Mobile', 'Income tax Consolidated income Net income', 'Net financial income Non-recurring profit/loss', 'Claude Tempé Vice-Chairman Mobile', 'new high-potential geographical areas', 'stronger balance sheet structure', 'income tax expense', '2022 full-year financial results', 'solid financial capacity', 'Group net income', '2022 consolidated financial statements', 'French accounting standards', 'one clear purpose', 'Free cash flow', 'Total international activity', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'W Trade receivables', 'external resource management', 'operating cash flow', 'current sales momentum', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Consolidated** Change Revenue', 'Operating income', 'recurring income', 'financial year', 'consolidated basis', 'consolidated data', 'Annual earnings', 'W goodwill', 'Current assets', 'Other receivables', 'Consolidated 2022 revenue', 'consolidated revenue', 'relationship management', 'project management', 'external talent', 'Total ASSETS', 'operating provisions', 'Press release', 'summary form', 'retirement bonuses', 'Helvetic Payroll', 'organic growth', 'Strong growth', 'positive trends', 'underlying activities', 'twelve months', 'growth prospects', 'value proposition', 'same vision', 'specific know-how', 'leading player', 'Upcoming events', 'labour market', 'hyper-specialised SMEs', 'sourcing expertise', 'wage portage', 'ISIN code', 'share capital', 'Fixed assets', 'Total LIABILITIES', 'Freelance.com', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'H1 2023 revenue', 'Group share', 'structural acquisitions', 'comprehensive range', 'secure relations', 'Accrual account', 'com group', 'TMC France', '24 April', 'EBITDA', 'ALFRE', 'leader', 'businesses', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'accordance', 'Board', 'Directors', '21 April', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'charges', '5 March', '1 July', '1 November', 'increase', 'quality', 'services', 'demand', 'substantial 20', 'consolidation', 'equity', 'Outlook', 'integration', 'offers', 'skills', 'companies', 'Future', 'Work', 'status', 'Europe', 'May', '16 June', '28 August', 'heart', 'transformation', 'community', '370,000 consultants', 'experts', 'freelancers', 'compliance', 'GMV', 'operations', 'Germany', 'England', 'Morocco', 'Switzerland', 'Name', 'Ticker', 'Number', 'shares', 'APPENDIX', '€']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23601,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NACON-103932529/news/NACON-Q4-2022-23-SALES-UP-19-1-TO-37-7-M-43623577/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,NACON: Q4 2022-23 SALES UP 19.1% TO 37.7 M,(marketscreener.com)                                                 Press release       Lesquin  24 April 2023  18:00 hrs Q4 2022-23 SALES UP 19.1% TO 37.7 M€ ANNUAL SALES FOR FY 2022-23: 156.4 M€ NACON ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NACON-103…,Press releaseLesquin  24 April 2023  18:00 hrsQ4 2022-23 SALES UP 19.1% TO 37.7 M€ANNUAL SALES FOR FY 2022-23: 156.4 M€ (+0.3%)NACON (ISIN FR0013482791) today releases its consolidated sales for the full 2022-2023 financial year (period from 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2023).IFRS – M€ 2022/232021/22Change in %Sales1st half-year (April - September)77.5 73.0 +6.2%3rd quarter (October - December)41.1 51.2 -19.6% 4th Quarter (January - March) (1) 37.7 31.7 +19.1% Games 24.9 12.9 +93.0% of which: Catalogue 13.7 5.9 +130.1% Back catalogue 11.2 6.9 +61.2% Accessories 12.2 17.9 -31.6% Others(2) 0.6 0.9 -31.4%Cumulative 12 months (April - March) (1) 156.4 155.9 +0.3% Games 90.9 54.4 +67.0% of which: Catalogue 49.3 25.7 +91.7% Back catalogue 41.6 28.7 +44.9% Accessoires 61.2 96.6 -36.6% Others (2) 4.3 4.9 -13.1%(1) Non audited data(2) Mobile and Audio salesQ4 2022 - 2023 up 19.1% - Good momentum in the Games businessVIDEO GAMES: As expected  there were a number of new releases in Q4  including Chef Life  Blood Bowl®3  Clash Artifacts of Chaos and Transport Fever 2 Console Edition  which helped to boost Catalogue sales (new games) by 130.1% to 13.7 M€.The Back catalogue (games released in previous years) continued to outperform and reached an all-time high in the quarter. Its sales rose by 61.2% to 11.2 M€.ACCESSORIES: Sales of new generation consoles have been increasing since the beginning of the year. However  due to a certain inertia  the Accessories business did not benefit from this in the immediate future. This activity thus amounted to 12.2 M€  down 31.6%. Nevertheless  a slowdown in the decline was observed at the end of the quarter  suggesting a gradual improvement in the global market in the coming months.FY 2022 - 2023 sales at 156.4 M€ - Results trendsFor the full FY 2022-2023  despite the postponement of several major games  NACON recorded a 67.0% increase in its Games business to 90.9 M€. The Accessories business was down 36.6% to 61.2 M€  impacted throughout the year by the shortage of consoles  which caused a sharp decline in the global accessories market.Overall  sales for full FY 2022-2023 amounted to 156.4 M€  up 0.3% on the previous year.Regarding results  NACON anticipates at this stage that current operating income before IFRS2* will be down on the previous year  while operating income and net income will increase.Outlook for the 2023-2024 financial yearFY 2023-2024 will be marked by a high level of publishing activity with around twenty games to be released over the period compared to 13 games released in previous year.The first half of the year will see the release of the highly anticipated The Lord of the Rings GollumTM   as well as RoboCop: Rogue City  Cricket24 and Rugby24  the official game of the Rugby World Cup to be held in September.The back catalogue will continue to grow under the mechanical effect of the games released in 2022-2023.Lastly  the Accessories business should benefit from several factors :a more favourable base effect a gradual end to the tensions experienced in 2022-2023 thanks to the increase in the number of new consoles an offer that will be expanded in the coming months with the release of several products with strong potential.Based on this observation  NACON reaffirms its confidence in its strong growth prospects for the 2023-24 financial year.* Current operating income before IFRS2 corresponds to current operating income before expenses related to share-based payment plans.Next Publication:Annual Results 2022/23: 30 May 2023 (Press release after close of the Paris stock exchange)2022-23 ANNUAL SALES156.4 M€HEADCOUNTOver 900 employeesINTERNATIONAL23 subsidiaries and a distribution network across 100 countrieshttps://corporate.nacongaming.com/ NACON is a company of the BIGBEN Group founded in 2019 to optimize its know-how through strong synergies in the video game market. By bringing together its 16 development studios  the publishing of AA video games  the design and distribution of premium gaming devices  NACON focuses 30 years of expertise at the service of players. This new unified business unit strengthens NACON's position in the market  enables it to innovate by creating new unique competitive advantages.Company listed on Euronext Paris  compartment BISIN : FR0013482791 ; Reuters : NACON.PA ; Bloomberg : NACON:FPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 01Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.17,0.45,True,English,"['NACON', 'SALES', 'Transport Fever 2 Console Edition', 'new unique competitive advantages', 'new unified business unit', 'full 2022-2023 financial year', 'Rugby World Cup', 'share-based payment plans', 'premium gaming devices', 'favourable base effect', 'Paris stock exchange', '2023-2024 financial year', '2023-24 financial year', 'current operating income', 'strong growth prospects', 'new generation consoles', 'video game market', 'AA video games', 'The Accessories business', 'several major games', 'The Back catalogue', 'global accessories market', 'new releases', 'new consoles', 'global market', 'The Lord', 'net income', 'new games', 'official game', 'mechanical effect', 'Euronext Paris', 'several factors', 'several products', 'strong potential', 'strong synergies', 'Games business', 'previous year', 'full FY', '1st half-year', 'Cumulative 12 months', 'Good momentum', 'Chef Life', 'Blood Bowl', 'Clash Artifacts', 'immediate future', 'gradual improvement', 'coming months', 'high level', 'first half', 'Rings GollumTM', 'Rogue City', 'Next Publication', 'Over 900 employees', 'BIGBEN Group', '16 development studios', 'compartment B', 'PRESS CONTACT', 'Cap Value', 'Gilles Broquelet', 'twenty games', 'Results trends', 'Annual Results', 'Press release', 'ANNUAL SALES', 'consolidated sales', '3rd quarter', '4th Quarter', 'Audio sales', 'sharp decline', 'gradual end', 'distribution network', 'Catalogue sales', 'publishing activity', '13 games', '2023 sales', '30 years', 'Lesquin', '24 April', '18:00 hrs', 'NACON', 'period', '1 April', '31 March', 'IFRS', 'September', 'October', 'December', 'January', 'Others', 'Accessoires', 'data', 'Mobile', 'number', 'Chaos', '13.7 M', '11.2 M', 'beginning', 'inertia', 'slowdown', 'postponement', '67.0% increase', '90.9 M', '61.2 M', 'shortage', '156.4 M', 'stage', 'Outlook', 'RoboCop', 'Cricket24', 'Rugby24', 'tensions', 'offer', 'observation', 'confidence', 'expenses', '30 May', 'close', 'HEADCOUNT', 'INTERNATIONAL', '23 subsidiaries', '100 countries', 'company', 'know', 'how', 'design', 'expertise', 'service', 'players', 'position', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'capvalue', 'Attachment', '130.', '12.2']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23602,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2652374/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0376 £ 23.8851 Estimated MTD return 1.49 % 1.57 % Estimated YTD return -2.63 % -2.22 % Estimated ITD return 170.38 % 138.85 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.63 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.03 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.8678 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.5318The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23603,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2652449/0/en/First-MSCI-index-based-Crypto-ETP-launched-by-ETC-Group-starts-trading-on-XETRA.html,First MSCI index based Crypto ETP launched by ETC Group starts trading on XETRA,First MSCI index based Crypto ETP launched by ETC Group starts trading on XETRA  ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP (DA20) tracks performance...,German French Italian Spanish EnglishFirst MSCI index based Crypto ETP launched by ETC Group starts trading on XETRAETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP (DA20) tracks performance of the top 20 digital assets  comprising around 85% of the crypto market. 1Investors can now passively diversify into the crypto asset market with just one ETP.Frankfurt  April 24th 2023 - ETC Group announces the listing and trading start of the ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP (ISIN DE000A3G3ZL3  WKN A3G3ZL) on Deutsche Börse Xetra. The new exchange-traded product tracks the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Top 20 Capped Index and is listed under its primary ticker DA20. The ETP is tradable in EUR and U.S. dollars on Xetra.Issued in Germany  this is the first time investors can invest in the broad crypto market via an exchange-traded basket product that tracks the top 20 investable digital assets comprising approximately 85% of the crypto market. The three largest positions within the Index are currently Bitcoin (ETC)  Ethereum (ETH) and Ripple (XRP). The index is managed and calculated by MSCI and rebalanced quarterly. At rebalance  the weight of individual components is limited to 30 percent in order to improve diversification. Stablecoins  privacy coins as well as ecosystem tokens  and so-called meme coins are not included in the index.The index methodology is publicly available at <Link Index Methodology>Investors can trade the new ETP like shares or ETFs via their regular securities account at online brokers and banks that offer trading on Xetra and trading in crypto ETPs. Like all ETC Group products  the ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 is fully backed by the underlying digital assets and issuer default risk is minimised via an independent trustee. The digital assets backing the ETP are safely and professionally kept in cold storage by a regulated custodian. All transactions are additionally monitored independently by a dedicated administrator.The product offers an efficient way to passively diversify into the crypto market via a regulated financial product.- Ends –Cryptocurrencies are highly volatile  and your capital is at risk.Information contained in this press release is not  and under no circumstances is to be construed as  an advertisement or any other step in furtherance of a public offering to retail investors in the United Kingdom  or a public offering in the United States or Canada  or any state  province or territory thereof  where neither the issuer nor its products are authorised or registered for distribution or sale and where no prospectus of the issuer has been filed with any securities regulator. Full Disclaimer: https://bit.ly/etcdiscNotes for EditorsAbout ETC Group ( www.etc-group.com )ETC Group has been created to provide investors with the tools to access the investment opportunities of the digital assets' and blockchain ecosystem. The company develops innovative digital asset-backed securities including ETC Group Physical Bitcoin (BTCE) and ETC Group Physical Ethereum (ZETH) which are listed on European exchanges including XETRA  Euronext  SIX  AQUIS UK and Wiener Börse.With a track record of over three years  ETC Group is made up of an exceptional team of financial services professionals and entrepreneurs with experience spanning both digital assets and regulated markets. With product quality and safety at the core of our product creation approach  we aim to continuously launch best-in-class institutional-grade exchange traded products.As a company  we have previously launched the world’s first centrally cleared Bitcoin exchange traded product on Deutsche Börse XETRA  the largest ETF trading venue in Europe  and have also launched Europe´s first Metaverse ETF together with HANetf.Trading InformationProduct Primary listing exchange Primary ticker ISIN ETC Group MSCI Digital AssetsSelect 20 ETP Deutsche Börse XETRA DA20 DE000A3G3ZL3 ETC Group Physical Bitcoin Deutsche Börse XETRABTCE DE000A27Z304 ETC Group Physical Ethereum Deutsche Börse XETRAZETH DE000A3GMKD ETC Group Physical Litecoin Deutsche Börse XETRAELTC DE000A3GN5J9 ETC Group Physical Polkadot Deutsche Börse XETRA PLKA DE000A3GVKX6 ETC Group Physical Cardano Deutsche Börse XETRA RDAN DE000A3GVKY4 ETC Group Physical Solana Deutsche Börse XETRA ESOL DE000A3GVKZ1 ETC Group Physical Polygon Deutsche Börse XETRA MTCE DE000A3GWNP ETC Group Physical XRP Deutsche Börse XETRA GXRP DE000A3GYNB0The product list including all exchange listings and trading information is available at https://etc-group.com/products/.Contact index@etc-group.com for any product related inquiries.Media Contact:Sam Sheltonsam@finchpr.com1 Excluding stablecoins such as USDT  USDC  and other.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.18,0.47,True,English,"['First MSCI index', 'Crypto ETP', 'ETC Group', 'trading', 'XETRA', 'RDAN DE000A3GVKY4 ETC Group Physical Solana Deutsche Börse XETRA ESOL', 'ZETH DE000A3GMKD ETC Group Physical Litecoin Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'ETC Group Physical XRP Deutsche Börse XETRA GXRP DE000A3GYNB0', 'ETC Group Physical Polkadot Deutsche Börse XETRA PLKA', 'ETC Group Physical Polygon Deutsche Börse XETRA MTCE', 'ETC Group Physical Bitcoin Deutsche Börse XETRA BTCE', 'ETC Group Physical Ethereum Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'ETC Group Physical Cardano Deutsche Börse', 'Trading Information Product Primary listing exchange Primary ticker', 'MSCI Global Digital Assets Top 20 Capped Index', 'ETP Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select', 'ISIN ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets', 'German French Italian Spanish English', 'Wiener Börse', 'top 20 investable digital assets', 'innovative digital asset-backed securities', 'institutional-grade exchange traded products', 'largest ETF trading venue', 'ETC Group products', 'top 20 digital assets', 'underlying digital assets', 'First MSCI index', 'first Metaverse ETF', 'U.S. dollars', 'three largest positions', 'regular securities account', 'financial services professionals', 'exchange-traded basket product', 'product creation approach', 'product related inquiries', 'new exchange-traded product', 'regulated financial product', '<Link Index Methodology', 'Bitcoin exchange', 'crypto asset market', 'broad crypto market', 'first time investors', 'issuer default risk', 'ISIN DE000A3G3ZL', 'exchange listings', 'trading start', 'securities regulator', 'product quality', 'product list', 'new ETP', 'three years', 'regulated custodian', 'regulated markets', 'Crypto ETP', 'one ETP', 'WKN A3G3ZL', 'The ETP', 'individual components', 'privacy coins', 'ecosystem tokens', 'meme coins', 'online brokers', 'independent trustee', 'cold storage', 'dedicated administrator', 'efficient way', 'press release', 'other step', 'public offering', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Full Disclaimer', 'investment opportunities', 'blockchain ecosystem', 'European exchanges', 'AQUIS UK', 'track record', 'exceptional team', 'Sam Shelton', 'retail investors', 'Media Contact', '20 ETP', 'performance', 'Frankfurt', 'April', 'Germany', 'Ripple', 'rebalance', 'weight', '30 percent', 'order', 'diversification', 'Stablecoins', 'shares', 'ETFs', 'banks', 'transactions', 'Ends', 'Cryptocurrencies', 'capital', 'circumstances', 'advertisement', 'furtherance', 'Canada', 'province', 'territory', 'distribution', 'sale', 'prospectus', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'tools', 'company', 'Euronext', 'SIX', 'entrepreneurs', 'experience', 'safety', 'core', 'class', 'world', 'HANetf', 'ELTC', 'finchpr', 'USDT', 'USDC', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23604,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PCAS-5058/news/Pcas-NET-SALES-AS-OF-MARCH-31-2023-43623293/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Pcas: NET SALES AS OF MARCH 31  2023,(marketscreener.com) Ecully  April 24  2023 NET SALES AS OF MARCH 31  2023 PCAS   a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of March…,Ecully  April 24  2023NET SALES AS OF MARCH 31  2023PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of March 31  2023.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €66.2 million as of March 31  2023  a 29.4% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+28.3% at a constant exchange rate).In millions of euros 2023 2022 % change 2023 At a constant exchange rate % change Sales as of 31 March 66.2 51.2 29.4% 65.7 28.3% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 43.5 31.3 39.0% 43.4 38.5% Fine Specialty Chemicals 22.7 19.9 14.2% 22.3 12.1%in millions of euros France Other areas Total Net Sales by origin March 31  2023 49.8 16.4 66.2 March 31  2022 39.0 12.2 51.2Pharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €43.5 million  a 39.0% increase compared to 2022 (a 38.5% increase at a constant exchange rate). Rising net sales can be attributed primarily to a higher demand in R&D and in most production sites as well as the price increase policy initiated in 2022 to cope with the rising costs of raw materials  energy and supplies.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €22.7 million  a 14.2% increase compared to 2022 (a 12.1% increase at a constant exchange rate). Business levels are still high in the first months of the year  with a very strong demand for Electronics and Fine Chemicals. A slight slowdown can be observed in the Lubricants business. The industrialization of new products is still at a good level across all sites.OutlookIn the context of the ongoing dispute with Mithra  PCAS continues to study a temporary reduction in activity in 2023 on the production site where certain workshops are dedicated to the production of Estetrol. At this stage  it is still not possible to precisely assess the consequences of this dispute on future business and results.As stated in the press release of March 30  2023  as a consequence  the return to positive results announced for 2023 is delayed.PCAS Group will continue to benefit from the support of its majority shareholder Seqens (owning 76.66%) for the financing of its activities and its development.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:Net Sales as of June 30 2023 - July 27  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 11% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1200 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.14,0.39,True,English,"['Pcas', 'SALES', 'MARCH', 'market-leading major global groups', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'previous financial year', 'The PCAS Group', 'consolidated net sales', 'Total Net Sales', 'price increase policy', 'Rising net sales', 'most production sites', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'rising costs', 'Business levels', 'Lubricants business', 'future business', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'Other areas', 'higher demand', 'R&D', 'raw materials', 'first months', 'strong demand', 'slight slowdown', 'new products', 'good level', 'temporary reduction', 'press release', 'majority shareholder', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'proprietary products', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'investor relation', 'PCAS NewCap', 'ongoing dispute', 'positive results', 'ABOUT PCAS', '29.4% increase', '39.0% increase', '38.5% increase', '14.2% increase', '12.1% increase', 'Ecully', 'April', 'MARCH', 'specialist', 'publication', 'millions', 'euros', 'France', 'origin', 'energy', 'supplies', 'Electronics', 'industrialization', 'Outlook', 'context', 'Mithra', 'activity', 'workshops', 'Estetrol', 'stage', 'consequences', 'return', 'support', 'Seqens', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'June', 'July', 'company', 'solutions', '1200 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1 69']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23605,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2653093/0/en/PRESS-RELEASE-NACON-Q4-2022-23-SALES-UP-19-1-TO-37-7-M.html,PRESS RELEASE: NACON: Q4 2022-23 SALES UP 19.1% TO 37.7 M€,Press release        Lesquin  24 April 2023  18:00 hrs  Q4 2022-23 SALES UP 19.1% TO 37.7 M€   ANNUAL...,English FrenchPress releaseLesquin  24 April 2023  18:00 hrsQ4 2022-23 SALES UP 19.1% TO 37.7 M€ANNUAL SALES FOR FY 2022-23: 156.4 M€ (+0.3%)NACON (ISIN FR0013482791) today releases its consolidated sales for the full 2022-2023 financial year (period from 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2023).IFRS – M€ 2022/232021/22Change in %Sales1st half-year (April - September)77.5 73.0 +6.2%3rd quarter (October - December)41.1 51.2 -19.6% 4th Quarter (January - March) (1) 37.7 31.7 +19.1% Games 24.9 12.9 +93.0% of which: Catalogue 13.7 5.9 +130.1% Back catalogue 11.2 6.9 +61.2% Accessories 12.2 17.9 -31.6% Others(2) 0.6 0.9 -31.4%Cumulative 12 months (April - March) (1) 156.4 155.9 +0.3% Games 90.9 54.4 +67.0% of which: Catalogue 49.3 25.7 +91.7% Back catalogue 41.6 28.7 +44.9% Accessoires 61.2 96.6 -36.6% Others (2) 4.3 4.9 -13.1%(1) Non audited data(2) Mobile and Audio salesQ4 2022 - 2023 up 19.1% - Good momentum in the Games businessVIDEO GAMES: As expected  there were a number of new releases in Q4  including Chef Life  Blood Bowl®3  Clash Artifacts of Chaos and Transport Fever 2 Console Edition  which helped to boost Catalogue sales (new games) by 130.1% to 13.7 M€.The Back catalogue (games released in previous years) continued to outperform and reached an all-time high in the quarter. Its sales rose by 61.2% to 11.2 M€.ACCESSORIES: Sales of new generation consoles have been increasing since the beginning of the year. However  due to a certain inertia  the Accessories business did not benefit from this in the immediate future. This activity thus amounted to 12.2 M€  down 31.6%. Nevertheless  a slowdown in the decline was observed at the end of the quarter  suggesting a gradual improvement in the global market in the coming months.FY 2022 - 2023 sales at 156.4 M€ - Results trendsFor the full FY 2022-2023  despite the postponement of several major games  NACON recorded a 67.0% increase in its Games business to 90.9 M€. The Accessories business was down 36.6% to 61.2 M€  impacted throughout the year by the shortage of consoles  which caused a sharp decline in the global accessories market.Overall  sales for full FY 2022-2023 amounted to 156.4 M€  up 0.3% on the previous year.Regarding results  NACON anticipates at this stage that current operating income before IFRS2* will be down on the previous year  while operating income and net income will increase.Outlook for the 2023-2024 financial yearFY 2023-2024 will be marked by a high level of publishing activity with around twenty games to be released over the period compared to 13 games released in previous year.The first half of the year will see the release of the highly anticipated The Lord of the Rings GollumTM   as well as RoboCop: Rogue City  Cricket24 and Rugby24  the official game of the Rugby World Cup to be held in September.The back catalogue will continue to grow under the mechanical effect of the games released in 2022-2023.Lastly  the Accessories business should benefit from several factors :a more favourable base effect a gradual end to the tensions experienced in 2022-2023 thanks to the increase in the number of new consoles an offer that will be expanded in the coming months with the release of several products with strong potential.Based on this observation  NACON reaffirms its confidence in its strong growth prospects for the 2023-24 financial year.* Current operating income before IFRS2 corresponds to current operating income before expenses related to share-based payment plans.Next Publication:Annual Results 2022/23: 30 May 2023 (Press release after close of the Paris stock exchange)2022-23 ANNUAL SALES156.4 M€HEADCOUNTOver 900 employeesINTERNATIONAL23 subsidiaries and a distribution network across 100 countrieshttps://corporate.nacongaming.com/ NACON is a company of the BIGBEN Group founded in 2019 to optimize its know-how through strong synergies in the video game market. By bringing together its 16 development studios  the publishing of AA video games  the design and distribution of premium gaming devices  NACON focuses 30 years of expertise at the service of players. This new unified business unit strengthens NACON's position in the market  enables it to innovate by creating new unique competitive advantages.Company listed on Euronext Paris  compartment BISIN : FR0013482791 ; Reuters : NACON.PA ; Bloomberg : NACON:FPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 01Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.16,0.51,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', 'NACON', 'SALES', 'Transport Fever 2 Console Edition', 'new unique competitive advantages', 'new unified business unit', 'full 2022-2023 financial year', 'Rugby World Cup', 'share-based payment plans', 'premium gaming devices', 'favourable base effect', 'Paris stock exchange', '2023-2024 financial year', '2023-24 financial year', 'current operating income', 'strong growth prospects', 'new generation consoles', 'video game market', 'AA video games', 'The Accessories business', 'several major games', 'The Back catalogue', 'global accessories market', 'new releases', 'new consoles', 'global market', 'The Lord', 'net income', 'new games', 'official game', 'mechanical effect', 'Euronext Paris', 'several factors', 'several products', 'strong potential', 'strong synergies', 'Games business', 'full FY', 'previous year', 'English French', '1st half-year', 'Cumulative 12 months', 'Good momentum', 'Chef Life', 'Blood Bowl', 'Clash Artifacts', 'immediate future', 'gradual improvement', 'coming months', 'high level', 'first half', 'Rings GollumTM', 'Rogue City', 'Next Publication', 'Over 900 employees', 'BIGBEN Group', '16 development studios', 'compartment B', 'PRESS CONTACT', 'Cap Value', 'Gilles Broquelet', 'twenty games', 'Results trends', 'Annual Results', 'Press release', 'ANNUAL SALES', 'consolidated sales', '3rd quarter', '4th Quarter', 'Audio sales', 'sharp decline', 'gradual end', 'distribution network', 'Catalogue sales', 'publishing activity', '13 games', '2023 sales', '30 years', 'Lesquin', '24 April', '18:00 hrs', 'NACON', 'period', '1 April', '31 March', 'IFRS', 'September', 'October', 'December', 'January', 'Others', 'Accessoires', 'data', 'Mobile', 'number', 'Chaos', '13.7 M', '11.2 M', 'beginning', 'inertia', 'slowdown', 'postponement', '67.0% increase', '90.9 M', '61.2 M', 'shortage', '156.4 M', 'stage', 'Outlook', 'RoboCop', 'Cricket24', 'Rugby24', 'tensions', 'offer', 'observation', 'confidence', 'expenses', '30 May', 'close', 'HEADCOUNT', 'INTERNATIONAL', '23 subsidiaries', '100 countries', 'company', 'know', 'how', 'design', 'expertise', 'service', 'players', 'position', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'capvalue', 'Attachment', '12.2']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23606,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2652388/0/en/Groupe-Casino-Groupement-Les-Mousquetaires-TERACT-and-Casino-Group-are-in-exclusive-discussions-to-further-develop-their-industrial-and-purchasing-partnerships-and-optimise-their-r.html,Groupe Casino : Groupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and Casino Group are in exclusive discussions to further develop their industrial and purchasing partnerships and optimise their respective networks,Groupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and Casino Group are in exclusive discussions to further develop their industrial and purchasing partnerships and optimise their respective networks,English FrenchGroupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and Casino Group are in exclusive discussions to further develop their industrial and purchasing partnerships and optimise their respective networksParis  24 April 2023As part of the project to create a new major French player in responsible and sustainable retail activities that enhance farmers’ revenue as announced on 9 March 2023 by Casino Group and TERACT  Groupement Les Mousquetaires  Casino Group and TERACT announce that they are in exclusive discussions to further develop the existing strategic cooperation between Groupement Les Mousquetaires and Casino Group.Groupement Les Mousquetaires and Casino Group are considering to extend their alliances by two years until 2028 (Auxo Achats Alimentaires  Auxo Achats Non Alimentaires and Auxo Achats Non Marchands) and to extend their agreements to the new entity to be formed between Casino Group and TERACT  which would be controlled by Casino Group.It is also considered to build new partnerships between the new entity and Groupement Les Mousquetaires:a purchasing alliance in Private Label (Marque Distributeur) food products a supply from Groupement Les Mousquetaires’ Seafood (Marée) and Butchery (Boucherie) channels  relying on AgroMousquetaires’s recognized know-how an access for Groupement Les Mousquetaires to the recognised expertise in fresh produce channels (filières) of TERACT Ferme France’s  a newly created entity in charge of the supply of agricultural and local products to the entity to be incorporated.In addition  the new entity could transfer to Groupement Les Mousquetaires  over several years and at market value  a number of points of sale from the Casino France perimeter representing a minimum of €1.1 bn of turnover including VAT. While maintaining the overall volume negotiated by the Purchasing alliances and preserving employment  these transfers would allow to accelerate the geographical refocusing of Casino labels on the target and priority regions for its new project and would allow Intermarché to expand its national network.Groupement Les Mousquetaires could also become a minority shareholder in the new entity. In this context  InVivo and Groupement Les Mousquetaires are considering an investment of €300m in the new entity. In accordance with the press release of 9 March 2023  Casino and TERACT’s shareholders of reference have started discussions with other potential investors to complete its fundraising  confirming the objective to raise a total of €500m of additional equity to provide the new entity with the appropriate financial resources to implement its ambitious strategic plan.Depending on their progress  these discussions will be submitted for consultation to the employee representative bodies  the competent regulatory authorities and the respective governance of Casino Group  Groupement Les Mousquetaires  TERACT and InVivo.As indicated in the press release of 9 March 2023  this project remains conditional on the conclusion of a binding agreement between the parties  which could intervene before the end of the second quarter of 2023 and of which the market will be kept informed.Pursuant to the European Commission's Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055 of 29 June 2016  relating to the technical procedures for the publication and deferral of inside information  this press release was communicated to Casino's authorized distributor for release on 24 April 2023 at 07:45 CET.About CasinoCasino Group is a respected key player on the French retail market and an international leader in food retail  with close to 12 000 stores around the world (in France and Latin America). The Group has developed a portfolio of strong  dynamic and complementary banners  thanks to more than 200 000 employees driven by their passion for retail and customer service  and generated net sales of €33.6 billion in 2022. In all of its host countries  Casino Group focuses its development on the formats with the highest potential and its ability to adapt in order to satisfy the needs of its customers  today and tomorrow.About TERACTTERACT is a major responsible distribution player in the garden centre and pet retail and food distribution growth markets. Our ambition is to create a unique network of brands combining tradition and modernity  agricultural know-how and innovation  in-store and digital experiences. TERACT addresses the demand for a new generation of consumption which is synonymous with quality  sustainability and traceability. TERACT regroups the Garden Centre/Pet Retail brands Jardiland  Gamm vert  Delbard  Jardineries du Terroir and Noa as well as the Food Retail brands Boulangerie Louise  Grand Marché La Marnière  Frais d’Ici and Bio&Co. TERACT's majority shareholder is InVivo  one of the leading agricultural and agri-food groups in Europe.TERACT is listed on the professional segment of Euronext Paris (ticker code: TRACT  ISIN: FR001400BMH7). Further information is available at www.teract.com.About Groupement Les MousquetairesAt the head of their independent sales outlets  the 3 000 Mousquetaires company managers form a group of entrepreneurs committed to the socio-economic fabric of their territories. To meet the needs of their brands  Intermarché  Netto (food); Bricomarché  Brico Cash  Bricorama (home equipment); Roady and Rapid Pare-Brise (mobility)  Les Mousquetaires have their own support services  their own logistics bases and 56 food factories  all located in France. Created in 1969  the Les Mousquetaires Group employs 150 000 people to ensure the performance of over 3 100 local sales outlets in France. Les Mousquetaires also has stores in Belgium  Poland and Portugal. To find out more: www.mousquetaires.com.GROUPE CASINOANALYSTS AND INVESTORSChristopher WELTON – Tel : +33 (0)1 53 65 64 17cwelton.exterieur@groupe-casino.fr+33 (0)1 53 65 24 17IR_Casino@groupe-casino.frPRESS CONTACTSStéphanie Abadie - sabadie@groupe-casino.fr - +33 (0)6 26 27 37 05+33(0)1 53 65 24 78 - directiondelacommunication@groupe-casino.frAgence IMAGE 7Karine Allouis – Tel : +33(0)1 53 70 74 84 - kallouis@image7.frLaurent Poinsot – Tel : + 33(0)6 80 11 73 52 - lpoinsot@image7.frTERACTINVESTORS CONTACTinvestors@teract.comMEDIAS CONTACTmedia@teract.comAziza Bouster - abouster-ext@teract.com - +33 (0)6 07 96 30 91GROUPEMENT LES MOUSQUETAIRESPRESS CONTACTSSource RPMichelle Kamar - 06 09 24 42 42 - michelle@source-rp.comCharlotte Rabilloud - 06 62 03 28 34 - charlotte@source-rp.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Groupement Les Mousquetaires', 'Groupe Casino', 'Casino Group', 'exclusive discussions', 'purchasing partnerships', 'respective networks', 'TERACT', 'industrial', 'Grand Marché La Marnière', 'Food Retail brands Boulangerie Louise', 'food distribution growth markets', 'Auxo Achats Non Marchands', 'Auxo Achats Non Alimentaires', 'Marque Distributeur) food products', 'major responsible distribution player', 'Groupement Les Mousquetaires’ Seafood', 'Garden Centre/Pet Retail brands', 'new major French player', 'Auxo Achats Alimentaires', 'existing strategic cooperation', 'appropriate financial resources', 'ambitious strategic plan', 'employee representative bodies', 'competent regulatory authorities', 'Jardineries du Terroir', 'sustainable retail activities', 'fresh produce channels', 'other potential investors', 'independent sales outlets', 'French retail market', 'Casino France perimeter', 'TERACT Ferme France', 'Casino Casino Group', 'key player', 'English French', 'local products', 'Boucherie) channels', 'net sales', 'highest potential', 'new partnerships', 'new generation', 'The Group', 'Casino labels', 'purchasing partnerships', 'respective networks', 'farmers’ revenue', 'two years', 'purchasing alliance', 'Private Label', 'Marée', 'filières', 'several years', 'market value', 'overall volume', 'geographical refocusing', 'priority regions', 'national network', 'minority shareholder', 'additional equity', 'respective governance', 'binding agreement', 'second quarter', 'European Commission', 'Implementing Regulation', 'technical procedures', 'inside information', 'authorized distributor', 'international leader', 'close to', 'Latin America', 'strong, dynamic', 'complementary banners', 'customer service', 'host countries', 'unique network', 'digital experiences', 'Gamm vert', 'Bio&Co.', 'majority shareholder', 'agri-food groups', 'professional segment', 'ticker code', 'Further information', 'new entity', 'press release', 'agricultural know-how', 'leading agricultural', 'new project', 'exclusive discussions', 'Euronext Paris', '9 March', 'alliances', 'industrial', '24 April', 'agreements', 'supply', 'Butchery', 'AgroMousquetaires', 'access', 'expertise', 'charge', 'number', 'points', 'minimum', '1.1 bn', 'turnover', 'employment', 'transfers', 'target', 'Intermarché', 'context', 'InVivo', 'investment', 'accordance', 'shareholders', 'reference', 'fundraising', 'objective', 'total', 'progress', 'consultation', 'conclusion', 'parties', '29 June', 'publication', 'deferral', '12,000 stores', 'world', 'portfolio', '200,000 employees', 'passion', 'development', 'formats', 'ability', 'order', 'needs', 'customers', 'tomorrow', 'ambition', 'tradition', 'modernity', 'innovation', 'demand', 'consumption', 'quality', 'Jardiland', 'Delbard', 'Noa', 'Frais', 'Ici', 'TRACT', 'head', '07:45']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23607,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2652373/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0376 £ 23.8851 Estimated MTD return 1.49 % 1.57 % Estimated YTD return -2.63 % -2.22 % Estimated ITD return 170.38 % 138.85 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.63 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.03 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.8678 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.5318The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23608,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRODWAYS-GROUP-34858210/news/Prodways-Group-Activity-of-the-1st-quarter-2023-a-start-to-the-year-in-line-with-expectations-43623372/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Prodways Group :  Activity of the 1st quarter 2023: a start to the year in line with expectations,(marketscreener.com)  24 April 2023 at 18h  Prodways Group's revenue for the first quarter of 2023 stood at €22 million  €1.2 million below the level of the exceptional first quarter of 2022  which had benefited from more than €3.5 million in revenues re…,"24 April 2023 at 18hProdways Group's revenue for the first quarter of 2023 stood at €22 million  €1.2 million below the level of the exceptional first quarter of 2022  which had benefited from more than €3.5 million in revenues realized by anticipation. This unfavorable base effect is partially offset by the very good performance of the Products division  which grew by 33% due to several structural factors: the significant increase in the volume of parts produced  market share gains with major industrial accounts and external growth with the acquisition of Auditech in 2022. Prodways Group also benefited this quarter from the sale of a minority stake in Biotech Dental Smilers  which generated €4 million of cash and a €2.9 million capital gain that will improve first-half earnings.Revenues by division(in €million) Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Variation(%) Organic variation(%) Systems 11.9 15.5 -23.2% -23.2% Products 9.7 7.3 +32.5% +17.9% Structure & intra-group eliminations 0.0 -0.1 n.a n.a Consolidated revenues 21.6 22.7 -4.9% -9.6%Revenues for the first quarter of 2023 stand at a good level given the return to a more normal seasonality at the beginning of the year. The commercial and industrial dynamism was particularly sustained in March in activities with a short sales cycle  which concern the Products division. The teams in this division both increased their production rate  with nearly 1 million parts produced and delivered this quarter  and stepped up their commercial efforts to support this trend. The Systems Division  which includes activities with longer sales cycles  is working on new ambitious and innovative industrial projects in the medical sector.Systems Division supported by recurring revenuesRevenues for the Systems Division (which includes sales of 3D Printers  3D Materials and 3D Software) were €3.6 million lower this quarter compared to the first quarter 2022  entirely due to the change in seasonality[1].Sales for the quarter were notably supported by recurring revenues generated by 3D Materials. The quality and reliability of the liquid resins and polymer powders supplied by Prodways Group enable the Group to secure its customers on a long-term basis and give it the means to develop new innovative materials. This is the case of the Provivic Denture Base resin for the 3D printing of complete and partial denture bases. This new material responds to the demand from dental laboratories  which are seeing an increasing demand for dental prostheses and are adopting digital workflows to reduce workloads and improve manufacturing (see dedicated press release).Prodways Group also strengthened its partnership with a global leader in medical and dental product distribution this quarter with an additional order for three MovingLight LD20 printers. This customer will operate a fleet of 17 MovingLight printers using PLASTCure Absolute Aligner resin for the mass production of transparent clear aligners.The Software activity (distribution of 3D design software) was also supported by a significant share of recurring revenues.Products Division: structural growth in productionThe Products Division  which includes Digital Manufacturing (print-on-demand service) and integrated medical activities  continues its growth trajectory with an increase of +33% this quarter  including +18% organic performance.The Digital Manufacturing activity is experiencing a strong acceleration with over 20% revenue growth this quarter. The acceleration of commercial efforts and the start of the strengthening of the teams in 2022 enabled the production and delivery of several hundred thousand parts in the first quarter. The number of projects for printing small series of parts is increasing  resulting in a smaller number of customers but higher orders per customer in value.The medical activities are also experiencing strong growth  of around +40%  including a significant proportion of external growth but also double-digit organic growth. In audiology  the synergies rapidly implemented since the acquisition of Auditech in July 2022 have made it possible to increase the pace of manufacturing by pooling industrial tools. More than 100 000 earmolds and hearing protections were produced in the first quarter. In the dental sector  the Cristal prosthesis laboratory is back on a growth trajectory after a difficult end of the year  notably by gaining new customers.The Products division as a whole is gaining market share and new partnerships with key accounts in various sectors. Several major industrial players  who wish to remain confidential  have entrusted the production of key parts to Prodways this quarter for various applications: in the automotive sector for on-board parts; in the space sector for satellite equipment; in the robotics sector for new generations of drones; in the luxury goods sector for specific production tooling; in the medical sector for 3D Molding[2] printing; and in the leisure sector for series production of personalized decorative elements.These major customers also open up significant opportunities for Prodways  on the one hand through the growth of the underlying applications and on the other hand through capillary action within these major industrial players for other related applications.The start of 2023 illustrates the importance of the strategic axes put forward by Prodways to support the success of its BOOST development plan: the technical quality of printed parts  partnerships with customers to develop innovative materials  external growth with directly actionable synergies and the strengthening of sales teams.Next financial eventsJuly 24  2023: activity of the second quarter 2023September 20  2023: half-yearly results 2023October 16  2023: activity of the third quarter 2023About Prodways GroupProdways Group is a specialist in industrial and professional 3D printing with a unique positioning as an integrated European player. The Group has developed right across the 3D printing value chain (software  machines  materials  parts & services) with a high value added technological industrial solution. Prodways Group offers a wide range of 3D printing systems and premium composite  hybrid and powder materials (SYSTEMS division). The company also manufactures and markets parts on demand  prototypes and small production run 3D printed items in plastic and metal (PRODUCTS division).Listed on Euronext Paris (FR0012613610 – PWG)  the Group reported in 2022 revenue of €81 million.For further information: https://www.prodways-group.comFollow us and keep up with Prodways Group's latest news of Prodways group on Twitter and LinkedIn !@ProdwaysProdways GroupContactsINVESTOR RELATIONSHugo SoussanInvestor RelationsTel : +33 (0)1 44 77 94 86 / h.soussan@prodways.comAnne-Pauline PetureauxShareholders contactTel : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72 / apetrureaux@actus.frMEDIA CONTACTManon ClairetFinancial media relationsTel : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73 / mclairet@actus.fr[1] The first quarter of 2022 benefited from more than €3.5 million revenues realized by anticipation due to fears of stock-outs and price increases  which caused some customers to anticipate their orders.[2] 3D Molding: an innovative technique that makes it possible to produce a mold in 3D printing and then inject the parts in the right material  thus freeing oneself from the costs  design constraints and delays of traditional injection toolsThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m2lqZ51uameZnptuaJ1ol2lraZxox2HJmmGalGSba5vFa2qTyphjaMiXZnBqmW5o- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79492-cp_prodways_t1-2023_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.7,0.1,0.2,True,English,"['Prodways Group', '1st quarter', 'Activity', 'start', 'year', 'line', 'expectations', 'PLASTCure Absolute Aligner resin', 'Provivic Denture Base resin', 'three MovingLight LD20 printers', 'several hundred thousand parts', 'Several major industrial players', 'The Digital Manufacturing activity', 'unfavorable base effect', 'partial denture bases', 'The Software activity', 'several structural factors', 'dedicated press release', 'transparent clear aligners', 'Cristal prosthesis laboratory', 'personalized decorative elements', '€2.9 million capital gain', 'Biotech Dental Smilers', 'major industrial accounts', 'luxury goods sector', 'short sales cycle', 'longer sales cycles', '3D design software', 'market share gains', 'innovative industrial projects', '3D Molding[2] printing', 'specific production tooling', 'new innovative materials', 'The Products Division', 'double-digit organic growth', 'dental product distribution', 'The Systems Division', 'exceptional first quarter', 'integrated medical activities', '17 MovingLight printers', '3D Printers', '3D Software', 'industrial dynamism', 'industrial tools', '3D printing', 'digital workflows', 'structural growth', '3D Materials', 'dental sector', '1 million parts', 'key accounts', 'major customers', 'dental laboratories', 'dental prostheses', 'Organic variation', 'significant share', '+18% organic performance', 'new ambitious', 'new material', 'new partnerships', 'new generations', 'external growth', 'medical sector', 'growth trajectory', 'strong growth', 'automotive sector', 'space sector', 'robotics sector', 'leisure sector', 'good performance', 'minority stake', 'first-half earnings', 'intra-group eliminations', 'liquid resins', 'long-term basis', 'global leader', 'additional order', 'small series', 'higher orders', 'significant proportion', 'hearing protections', 'difficult end', 'various sectors', 'key parts', 'various applications', 'board parts', 'satellite equipment', 'significant opportunities', 'production rate', 'mass production', 'series production', 'commercial efforts', 'increasing demand', 'demand service', 'new customers', '20% revenue growth', 'Prodways Group', 'significant increase', 'Q1 2022 Variation', 'Consolidated revenues', 'good level', 'normal seasonality', 'recurring revenues', 'strong acceleration', 'smaller number', '24 April', '18h', 'anticipation', 'volume', 'acquisition', 'Auditech', 'cash', 'Structure', 'return', 'beginning', 'year', 'March', 'teams', 'trend', 'change', 'quality', 'reliability', 'powders', 'means', 'case', 'complete', 'workloads', 'fleet', 'start', 'strengthening', 'delivery', 'value', 'audiology', 'synergies', 'July', 'More', '100,000 earmolds', 'drones']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23609,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FREELANCE-COM-32706/news/2022-Annual-Results-Press-Release-ndash-27-02-2023-43624176/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,2022 Annual Results : Press Release – 27/02/2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release - 24 April 2023   Annual earnings up sharply in 2022   Reported revenue: +59%   EBITDA*: +78%   Group net income: +83%   Freelance.com   the leader in relationship management between businesses and their e…,"Press release - 24 April 2023 Annual earnings up sharply in 2022 Reported revenue: +59% EBITDA*: +78% Group net income: +83% Freelance.com (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0004187367 - ALFRE)  the leader in relationship management between businesses and their external talent  is releasing its 2022 full-yearfinancial results (period from 1 January to 31 December 2022)  which have been audited and are presented and commented on below in summary form. They have been prepared on a consolidated basis in accordance with French accounting standards and were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting of 21 April 2023. Audited consolidated data (in €m  French accounting 2022 2021 Change standards) Consolidated Consolidated** Revenue 800.2 502.6 +59% EBITDA* 27.0 15.2 +78% Operating income/(loss) 24.7 13.8 +79% Net financial income (3.1) (1.2) (1.9) Non-recurring profit/loss 0.4 (0.4) 0.8 Income tax (3.9) (2.1) (1.8) Consolidated income 18.1 10.0 +81% Net income (Group share) 18.1 9.9 +83% *EBITDA = Operating income before depreciation and amortisation and operating provisions  primarily for liabilities and charges and retirement bonuses. **Including Coworkees  TMC France and Helvetic Payroll  consolidated from 5 March  1 July and 1 November 2021  respectively.Consolidated 2022 revenue: €800.2m Freelance.com generated consolidated revenue for financial year 2022 of €800.2m  an increase of 59% compared with €502.6m a year earlier. This growth was driven by the quality of sales momentum  based on a range of services adapted to demand (a +19% increase in organic growth)  and by acquisitions that were strategic and accretive for the Group. In France  Freelance.com's revenue rose 25% to €509.7m.Internationally  revenue grew by a substantial 203% to €290.5m  benefiting in particular from the consolidation of Helvetic Payroll. Total international activity accounted for 36% of the Group's revenue in 2022. Strong growth in EBITDA The 2022 consolidated financial statements show EBITDA of €27.0m compared with €15.2m in 2021  up 78% year on year. Operating income rose by 79% to €24.7m  compared with €13.8m a year earlier. After taking into account financial and non-recurring income and an income tax expense of €3.9m  Group net income came to €18.1m compared with €9.9m in 2021  representing an increase of 83%. Strengthened equity and solid financial capacity At the end of 2022  the Group had a stronger balance sheet structure  with equity of €137.9m compared with €116.6m a year earlier. Free cash flow rose by 21% to €81.1m  which includes operating cash flow of €27.9m versus €11.1m in 2021  an increase of 151%. Outlook for 2023 Given the positive trends in its underlying activities  the quality of the current sales momentum and the integration over twelve months of the offers and skills from recently acquired companies  the Group is confident in its growth prospects. Freelance.com aims to enhance its value proposition through structural acquisitions of companies sharing the same vision of the ""Future of Work""  with specific know-how  whether complementary or established in new high-potential geographical areas. This will consolidate its status as a leading player in Europe. Upcoming events: 15 May 2023: Q1 2023 revenue16 June 2023: 2023 Annual General Meeting28 August 2023: H1 2023 revenueAbout the freelance.com group Positioned at the heart of the transformation of the labour market  as the leader in relations between businesses and their external talent in France  freelance.com relies on a community of 370 000 consultants and experts working as freelancers or in hyper-specialised SMEs. Freelance.com offers a comprehensive range of services: sourcing expertise  external resource management  project management  wage portage  compliance  etc. With revenue of €800.2m in 2022 (GMV of €820.7m) and operations in France and internationally (Germany  England  Morocco and Switzerland)  Freelance.com is the leading player in the Future of Work with one clear purpose: to open up  simplify and secure relations between businesses and their external talent. Name: FREELANCE.COM ISIN code: FR0004187367 Ticker: ALFRE Number of shares comprising the share capital: 56 535 254 FREELANCE.COM FREELANCE.COM Claude Tempé Florent Briant Vice-Chairman Chief Financial Officer Mobile: +33 (0)6 60 51 60 06 Mobile: +33 (0)6 95 84 14 18 ctempe@freelance.com fbriant@freelance.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Annual Results', 'Press Release', '27/02', 'Claude Tempé Florent Briant Vice-Chairman Chief Financial Officer', 'stronger balance sheet structure', 'new high-potential geographical areas', 'solid financial capacity', 'Total international activity', 'Free cash flow', 'one clear purpose', '2022 consolidated financial statements', 'operating cash flow', 'Net financial income', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'current sales momentum', 'income tax expense', 'external resource management', 'French accounting standards', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Consolidated Consolidated** Revenue', 'Group net income', 'financial year', 'Consolidated income', 'Annual earnings', 'Change standards', 'Operating income', 'consolidated basis', 'consolidated data', 'relationship management', 'project management', 'non-recurring income', 'external talent', 'operating provisions', 'Press release', '2022 full-yearfinancial results', 'summary form', 'Non-recurring profit', 'retirement bonuses', 'Including Coworkees', 'Helvetic Payroll', 'organic growth', 'Strong growth', 'positive trends', 'underlying activities', 'twelve months', 'growth prospects', 'value proposition', 'same vision', 'specific know-how', 'leading player', 'Upcoming events', 'labour market', 'hyper-specialised SMEs', 'sourcing expertise', 'wage portage', 'ISIN code', 'share capital', 'Consolidated 2022 revenue', 'consolidated revenue', 'Freelance.com', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'H1 2023 revenue', 'structural acquisitions', 'comprehensive range', 'secure relations', 'ALFRE Number', 'Group share', 'TMC France', '24 April', 'leader', 'businesses', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'accordance', 'Board', 'Directors', '21 April', 'EBITDA', 'loss', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'liabilities', 'charges', '5 March', '1 July', '1 November', 'increase', 'quality', 'services', 'demand', 'substantial 20', 'consolidation', 'equity', 'Outlook', 'integration', 'offers', 'skills', 'companies', 'Future', 'status', 'Europe', '15 May', '16 June', 'August', 'heart', 'transformation', 'community', '370,000 consultants', 'experts', 'freelancers', 'compliance', 'GMV', 'operations', 'Germany', 'England', 'Morocco', 'Switzerland', 'Name', 'Ticker', 'shares', '€']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23610,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ING-GROEP-N-V-56358303/news/Results-of-ING-s-2023-Annual-General-Meeting-43623712/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Results of ING's 2023 Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Results of ING’s 2023 Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting of ING Groep N.V. was held today in Amsterdam. The AGM adopted all agenda items  including the annual accounts for 2022  discharge of the members of the Executive Boa…,Results of ING’s 2023 Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of ING Groep N.V. was held today in Amsterdam.The AGM adopted all agenda items  including the annual accounts for 2022  discharge of the members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board and the dividend for 2022.Alexandra Reich was appointed as member of the Supervisory Board as per the end of the AGM. Karl Guha was appointed effective 1 July 2023. It is the intention of the Supervisory Board to elect him as chairman as of 1 July 2023  succeeding Hans Wijers who will step down as member of the Supervisory Board on that date.The AGM also approved the re-appointments of Tanate Phutrakul as member of the Executive Board of ING and Herna Verhagen and Mike Rees as members of the Supervisory Board.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  go to www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiriesRaymond Vermeulen+31 20 576 6369Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.comInvestor enquiriesING Group Investor Relations+31 20 576 6396Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Results', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'related international response measures', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'The Annual General Meeting', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'currency exchange rates', 'related response measures', 'Groep N.V.', 'Frequent news updates', 'strong European base', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'related market disruption', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'global financial institution', 'general economic conditions', 'other forward-looking statements', 'particular economic conditions', 'wholesale banking services', 'Bank N.V.', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'Group Investor Relations', 'annual accounts', 'prudential supervision', 'economic crimes', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'financial services', 'The AGM', 'agenda items', 'Executive Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Alexandra Reich', 'Karl Guha', 'Hans Wijers', 'Tanate Phutrakul', 'Herna Verhagen', 'Mike Rees', 'Press enquiries', 'Investor enquiries', 'operating company', 'Group shares', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'residual effects', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'financial markets', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives businesses', 'resolution regimes', 'conversion powers', 'actual results', 'bank recovery', 'EU Regulation', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', 'Raymond Vermeulen', 'Amsterdam', 'members', 'intention', 'chairman', '1 July', 'appointments', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'step', 'life', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'write', 'securities', '2022']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23611,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2653132/0/en/Results-of-ING-s-2023-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Results of ING’s 2023 Annual General Meeting,Results of ING’s 2023 Annual General Meeting   The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of ING Groep N.V. was held today in Amsterdam.    The AGM adopted all......,Results of ING’s 2023 Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of ING Groep N.V. was held today in Amsterdam.The AGM adopted all agenda items  including the annual accounts for 2022  discharge of the members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board and the dividend for 2022.Alexandra Reich was appointed as member of the Supervisory Board as per the end of the AGM. Karl Guha was appointed effective 1 July 2023. It is the intention of the Supervisory Board to elect him as chairman as of 1 July 2023  succeeding Hans Wijers who will step down as member of the Supervisory Board on that date.The AGM also approved the re-appointments of Tanate Phutrakul as member of the Executive Board of ING and Herna Verhagen and Mike Rees as members of the Supervisory Board.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  go to www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiriesRaymond Vermeulen+31 20 576 6369Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.comInvestor enquiriesING Group Investor Relations+31 20 576 6396Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Results', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'related international response measures', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'The Annual General Meeting', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'currency exchange rates', 'related response measures', 'Groep N.V.', 'Frequent news updates', 'strong European base', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'related market disruption', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'global financial institution', 'general economic conditions', 'other forward-looking statements', 'particular economic conditions', 'wholesale banking services', 'Bank N.V.', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'Group Investor Relations', 'annual accounts', 'prudential supervision', 'economic crimes', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'financial services', 'The AGM', 'agenda items', 'Executive Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Alexandra Reich', 'Karl Guha', 'Hans Wijers', 'Tanate Phutrakul', 'Herna Verhagen', 'Mike Rees', 'Press enquiries', 'Investor enquiries', 'operating company', 'Group shares', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'residual effects', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'financial markets', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives businesses', 'resolution regimes', 'conversion powers', 'actual results', 'bank recovery', 'EU Regulation', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', 'Raymond Vermeulen', 'Amsterdam', 'members', 'intention', 'chairman', '1 July', 'appointments', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'step', 'life', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'write', 'securities', '2022']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23612,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIGBEN-INTERACTIVE-5097/news/BIGBEN-ANNUAL-SALES-FOR-FY-2022-23-43623611/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,BIGBEN: ANNUAL SALES FOR FY 2022-23,(marketscreener.com)                                                 Press release            Lesquin  24 April 2023  18:00 hrs Q4 2022-23 SALES UP 9.0% TO 65.7 M€ ANNUAL SALES FOR FY...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIGBEN-INTERACTIVE-5097/news/B…,"Press releaseLesquin  24 April 2023  18:00 hrsQ4 2022-23 SALESUP 9.0% TO 65.7 M€ANNUAL SALES FOR FY 2022-23: €283.8 M€ (+2.9%)BIGBEN INTERACTIVE (ISIN FR0000074072) today published its consolidated sales for the full 2022-2023 financial year (period from 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2023).IFRS – M€ 2022/232021/22Change in %Sales 1st half-year (Apr. - Sept.) 138.6 124.2 +11.6% 3rd quarter (Oct. – Dec.) 79.5 91.3 -12.8% 4st Quarter (January - March) (1) 65.7 60.3 +9.0% Nacon Gaming 37.7 31.7 +19.1% Bigben Audio / Telco 28.0 28.6 -2.1% Cumulative 12 months (April - March) (1) 283.8 275.7 +2.9% Nacon Gaming 156.4 155.9 +0.3% Bigben Audio / Telco 127.4 119.8 +6.3%(1) Non audited dataConsolidated sales for Q4 2022-2023 up 9. 0 % to 65.7 M€.NACON Gaming recorded Q4 sales of 37.7 M€  up 19.1%.VIDEO GAMES: As expected  the publishing news was once again abundant in the fourth quarter with the release of four games (Chef Life  Blood Bowl®3  Clash and Transport Fever 2 Console Edition)  enabling Catalogue sales (new games) to jump by 130.1% to 13.7 M€.The Back catalogue (games released in previous years) continued to outperform and reached an all-time high in the quarter. Its sales rose by 61.2% to 11.2 M€.ACCESSORIES: Sales of new generation consoles have been increasing since the beginning of the year. However  due to a certain inertia  the Accessories business did not benefit from this in the immediate future. This activity thus amounted to 12.2 M€  down 31.6%. Nevertheless  a slowdown in the decline was observed at the end of the quarter  suggesting a gradual improvement in the global market in the coming months.BIGBEN - Audiovideo/Telco posted 28.0 M€ sales in Q4 2022-23  down 2.1%.MOBILE ACCESSORIES: Q4 sales came to 21.6 M€  compared with 21.8 M€ for the same period of FY 2021-22.In a telco market that ontracted in volume over 2022  this business continued to perform well thanks to the positive momentum of charger sales and the premiumisation of product ranges:- Confirmation of the success of the Force® premium ranges. Over a year  more than 2 million units were sold  up 7% on the previous year.- Successful launch of the new Force® Play brand. This success was rewarded with the ""Voted Product of the Year 2023"" label.- Introduction on the market  at the end of December 2022  of the first Force® Power high performance universal charger manufactured in France and equipped with GaN  Power Delivery technologies.AUDIOVIDEO: Sales for the quarter amounted to 6.4 M€ compared to 6.7 M€ in Q4 2021-2022. The Bigben Kids and Bigben Party alarm clock ranges performed well. The Video business  on the other hand  experienced a slowdown over the period.Over 12 months  BIGBEN - Audiovideo/Telco sales rose by 6.3% to 127.4 M€.Mobile accessories were up by 6.2% to 96.8 M€. The AudioVideo sector posted an increase of 6.7% to 30.6 M€ due in particular to the inclusion of Metronic in the consolidation scope.Consolidated sales 2022-2023 & expected resultsFor the financial year  the Group's turnover will be €283.8m  up 2.9% compared to 2021-2022.In terms of results  BIGBEN expects current operating income before IFRS2* to be down on the previous financial year  while operating income will increase.Strong growth ambitions for 2023-2024The 2023-2024 financial year will be marked for NACON by a high level of editorial activity with around twenty games to be released over the period  compared with 13 games last year.The first half of 2023-2024 will see the release of the highly anticipated The Lord of the Rings GollumTM   as well as Cricket24  RoboCop: Rogue City and Rugby24  the official game of the Rugby World Cup  which will take place next September.The back catalogue will continue to grow under the mechanical effect of the games released in FY 2022-2023.Finally  the Accessories business should benefit from several factors:- A more favourable base effect.- A gradual end to the tensions experienced in 2022-2023 thanks to the increase in the number of new consoles.- An offer that will be expanded in the coming months with the release of several high-potential products.The BIGBEN AUDIO-VIDEO/TELCO business should continue to benefit from the withdrawal of chargers and pedestrian kits for most new smartphones. At the same time  the diversification of sales channels is continuing in order to develop the sale of accessories in the reconditioned smartphone segment.Finally  the listing by Metronic of Audio products in DIY stores since Q3 2022-2023 opens up new commercial prospects.Given the growth expected to be sustained at NACON Gaming and the resilience of the BIGBEN Audio-Video/Telco business  the Group reaffirms its confidence and anticipates strong growth in its business over the full year.* Current operating income before IFRS2 corresponds to current operating income before expenses related to share-based payment plans.Next Publication:Annual Results 2022/23: 30 May 2023 (Press release after close of the Paris stock exchange)SALES 2022-23283.8 M€HEADCOUNTOver 1200 employeesINTERNATIONAL31 subsidiaries and a distribution network in more than 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben Interactive is a European player in video game development and publishing  in design and distribution of smartphone and gaming accessories as well as in audio products. The Group  which is recognized for its capacities in terms of innovation and creativity  intends to become one of Europe’s leaders in each of its marketsCompany listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index : CAC Mid & Small – Eligible SRD longISN : FR0000074072 ; Reuters : BIGPA ; Bloomberg : BIGFPPRESS CONTACTSCapValue – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.15,0.27,True,English,"['ANNUAL SALES', 'BIGBEN', 'FY', 'first Force® Power high performance universal charger', 'Bigben Party alarm clock ranges', 'Transport Fever 2 Console Edition', 'new Force® Play brand', 'full 2022-2023 financial year', 'The BIGBEN AUDIO-VIDEO/TELCO business', 'Force® premium ranges', 'Power Delivery technologies', 'Rugby World Cup', 'share-based payment plans', 'Paris stock exchange', 'most new smartphones', 'new commercial prospects', 'current operating income', 'favourable base effect', 'The Bigben Kids', 'new generation consoles', '2023-2024 financial year', 'The AudioVideo sector', 'several high-potential products', 'The Back catalogue', 'The Video business', 'previous financial year', 'Strong growth ambitions', 'high level', 'first half', 'charger sales', 'product ranges', 'new consoles', 'full year', 'The Lord', 'previous year', 'mechanical effect', 'several factors', 'Audio products', 'new games', 'BIGBEN INTERACTIVE', 'Year 2023"" label', 'VIDEO GAMES', '1st half-year', 'publishing news', 'Chef Life', 'Blood Bowl', 'immediate future', 'gradual improvement', 'positive momentum', '2 million units', 'Successful launch', 'Voted Product', 'other hand', 'consolidation scope', 'Rings GollumTM', 'Rogue City', 'official game', 'pedestrian kits', 'same time', 'smartphone segment', 'DIY stores', 'Next Publication', 'Catalogue sales', 'Nacon Gaming', 'Accessories business', 'Cumulative 12 months', 'coming months', 'global market', 'expected results', 'Annual Results', 'ANNUAL SALES', 'consolidated sales', 'sales channels', 'four games', 'twenty games', '3rd quarter', '4st Quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'Mobile accessories', 'editorial activity', 'Press release', 'gradual end', 'same period', 'Audiovideo/Telco sales', 'Q4 sales', 'telco market', '28.0 M€ sales', '13 games', '37.7 M', '13.7 M', '11.2 M', '21.6 M', '21.8 M', '6.4 M', '6.7 M', '96.8 M', '30.6 M', 'Lesquin', '24 April', '18:00 hrs', 'FY', 'ISIN', '1 April', '31 March', 'IFRS', 'Apr.', 'Sept.', 'Oct.', 'Dec.', 'January', 'data', 'Clash', 'beginning', 'inertia', 'slowdown', 'decline', 'volume', 'premiumisation', 'Confirmation', 'Introduction', 'December', 'France', 'GaN', 'increase', 'inclusion', 'Metronic', 'Group', 'turnover', 'terms', 'Cricket24', 'RoboCop', 'Rugby24', 'place', 'tensions', 'number', 'offer', 'withdrawal', 'chargers', 'diversification', 'order', 'listing', 'Q3', 'resilience', 'confidence', 'expenses', '30 May', 'close', '65.7', '130', '12.2', '127.4']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23613,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELYAD-ONCOLOGY-SA-22619605/news/Celyad-Oncology-announces-receipt-of-Nasdaq-initial-notification-on-ADS-bid-price-43624251/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Celyad Oncology announces receipt of Nasdaq initial notification on ADS bid price,(marketscreener.com) MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  April 24  2023 -- Celyad Oncology   a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapies  received a letter on April 19th  2023 from The Nasdaq Stock Market…,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  April 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies  received a letter (the “Bid Price Notice”) on April 19th  2023 from The Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) informing the Company that the minimum closing bid price per share of its American Depositary Shares representing ordinary shares (“ADSs”) was below $1.00 for a period of 30 consecutive business days and that the Company did not meet the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) (the “Minimum Bid Price Requirement”).The Bid Price Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company’s ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Market. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)  the Company has 180 calendar days  or until October 16  2023 (the “Compliance Date”)  to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. To regain compliance  the closing bid price of the Company’s ADSs must be at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days before the Compliance Date.In the event that the Company does not regain compliance by the Compliance Date  the Company may transfer the listing and trading of its ADSs to The Nasdaq Capital Market  provided that it meets the applicable standards for initial listing of its ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market (other than the Minimum Bid Price Requirement) and may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day grace period by providing a written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during this second compliance period by effecting a reverse share split  if necessary. If the Company does not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by the Compliance Date  and is ineligible for an additional grace period  Nasdaq will provide written notice that the ADSs are subject to delisting from the Nasdaq Global Market. In that event  the Company may appeal the determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. There can be no assurance that the Company will regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement before the Compliance Date  be able to secure a second period of 180 days to regain compliance if the Company decides to pursue this option or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements.The Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of its ADSs between now and the Compliance Date. Receipt of the Bid Price Notice has no effect on the Company’s business operations.As previously announced  on March 31  2023  the Company received a letter (the “Stockholders’ Equity Notice”) from Nasdaq notifying the Company that it failed to maintain the continued listing requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(A) for the Nasdaq Global Market  which requires that a listed company’s stockholders’ equity be at least $10.0 million (the “Stockholders’ Equity Requirement”).Based upon the reported stockholders’ equity of approximately $4.6 million in the Company’s Form 20-F for the period ended December 31  2022  the Company did not meet the Stockholders’ Equity Requirement.The Company has a period of 45 calendar days from the date of the Stockholders’ Equity Notice  or until May 15  2023  to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Stockholders’ Equity Requirement. If such a plan is submitted and accepted  Nasdaq may grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Stockholders’ Equity Notice for the Company to regain compliance.About Celyad OncologyCelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Celyad Oncology Forward-Looking StatementThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company’s updated strategic business model  including associated potential benefits  transactions and partnerships  statements regarding the potential value of the Company’s IP  and statements regarding the Bid Price Notice received from Nasdaq. The words “will ” “believe ” “potential ” “continue ” “target ” “project ” “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; the Company’s ability to enforce its patents and other IP rights; the possibility that the Company may infringe on the patents or IP rights of others and be required to defend against patent or other IP rights suits; the possibility that the Company may not successfully defend itself against claims of patent infringement or other IP rights suits  which could result in substantial claims for damages against the Company; the possibility that the Company may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce its patents  which could be expensive  time-consuming  and unsuccessful; the Company’s ability to protect its IP rights throughout the world; the potential for patents held by the Company to be found invalid or unenforceable; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Source: Celyad Oncology SA,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Nasdaq initial notification', 'ADS bid price', 'Celyad Oncology', 'receipt', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor', 'additional 180 calendar day grace period', 'next-generation CAR T candidates', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'minimum closing bid price', 'other Nasdaq listing requirements', 'ten consecutive business days', 'The Bid Price Notice', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'Celyad Oncology Forward-Looking Statement', 'additional grace period', 'applicable securities laws', 'CAR) T-cell therapies', 'continued listing requirement', 'Stockholders’ Equity Requirement', 'proprietary technology platforms', 'strategic business model', '30 consecutive business days', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'Nasdaq hearings panel', 'Stockholders’ Equity Notice', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'reverse share split', 'second compliance period', '180 calendar days', '45 calendar days', 'business operations', 'written notice', 'second period', 'applicable standards', 'initial listing', 'ordinary shares', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'true potential', 'intellectual property', 'solid tumors', 'hematological malignancies', 'New York', 'potential benefits', 'potential value', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'important factors', 'forward-looking statements', 'The Company', 'immediate effect', 'identifying words', 'current expectations', 'Compliance Date', 'biotechnology company', '180 days', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Euronext', 'CYAD', 'letter', 'ADSs', 'accordance', 'October', 'event', 'trading', 'intention', 'deficiency', 'determination', 'assurance', 'option', 'Receipt', 'March', 'May', 'plan', 'extension', 'opportunities', 'development', 'information', 'release', 'meaning', 'limitation', 'beliefs', 'associated', 'transactions', 'partnerships', 'target', 'project', 'management', 'number', 'uncertainties']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23614,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BASIC-FIT-N-V-28607967/news/Basic-Fit-N-Fit-Q1-2023-Trading-Update-43617548/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Basic Fit N : Fit Q1 2023 Trading Update,(marketscreener.com)   BASIC-FIT PRESS RELEASE   Q1 2023 TRADING UPDATE   Hoofddorp  24 April 2023   BASIC-FIT REPORTS 51% REVENUE INCREASE TO €245 MILLION   FIRST THREE MONTHS HIGHLIGHTS   Number of memberships increased by 7.5% to 3.60 mill…,"BASIC-FIT PRESS RELEASE Q1 2023 TRADING UPDATE Hoofddorp  24 April 2023 BASIC-FIT REPORTS 51% REVENUE INCREASE TO €245 MILLION FIRST THREE MONTHS HIGHLIGHTS Number of memberships increased by 7.5% to 3.60 million from 3.35 million at the start of the year (up 37% compared to Q1 2022) Number of clubs increased by 68 to 1 268 (up 181 vs. Q1 2022) Revenue increased by 51% to €245 million (Q1 2022: €162 million) Average revenue per member per month increased to €22.63 (Q1 2022: €21.51) At quarter end  Premium memberships accounted for 38% of memberships (Q1 2022: 24%); Premium membership uptake continued to be above 50% OUTLOOK Basic-Fit reiterates outlook for 2023: Revenue of at least €1 billion Club network to increase by at least 200 clubs Continued gradual increase of the average revenue per member per month o ROIC of mature clubs of well over 30% RENE MOOS  CEO BASIC-FIT ""In the first three months of 2023 we continued to see a strong development of our membership base. Joiner rates are comparable to historic trends  whilst at the same time leaver numbers remained slightly below historic trends. The new membership structures  which we introduced in France at the end of 2022 and in the Benelux countries early February 2023  were well received by our new members. We continue to see a Premium membership uptake of over 50%  which is important for our aim to gradually increase our average revenue per membership to mitigate the impact from cost inflation."" KPIs Q1 2023 Q1 2022 change Revenue (€ millions) 245 162 51% Clubs 1 268 1 087 17% Memberships (millions) 3.60 2.63 37% Avg. monthly revenue per membership (€) 22.68 21.51 5% CLUB & MEMBERSHIP DEVELOPMENT In the first three months  we increased our network by 68 clubs to 1 268. We opened 72 clubs and closed 4 clubs. Most clubs were opened in France  where we now operate 696 clubs (+49). Spain accounted for a net growth of 14 clubs to 104  helping it to extend its recent market leadership. In 1the Netherlands  Belgium and Germany we grew our club network to 233 (+2)  220 (+1) and 5 (+2) respectively. Our club count in Luxembourg remained 10. The number of memberships increased by 250 thousand (+7.5%) to 3.60 million (FY 2022: 2.35 million). Compared to Q1 2022 (2.63 million) the increase in memberships was 37%. The uptake of the premium membership remained above 50% of joiners. At the end of the first quarter  around 38% of our total membership base has a premium membership. REVENUE DEVELOPMENT Basic-Fit reported a 51% increase in revenue to €245 million over the first three months of 2023 (Q1 2022: €162 million. The extraordinary increase is the result of a strong club openings programme and a high growth rate in memberships following the lifting of all remaining COVID-19 restrictions in all our countries in the first four months of 2022. The average revenue per membership per month increased by €1.12 to €22.68 (Q1 2022: €21.51)  thanks to the change in membership structure and our ongoing efforts to further increase the Premium membership base. OUTLOOK We maintain our 2023 outlook as stated at the time of the publication of our FY 2022 results. Club openings pipeline (# clubs) 300 200 > 400 100 167 152 85 88 0 Net openings Under Contracts signed Contracts being Sites being YTD 24 April construction negotiated researched - END - FOR MORE INFORMATION Basic-Fit Investor Relations +31 (0)23 302 23 85 investor.relations@basic-fit.com Basic-Fit is listed on Euronext Amsterdam in the Netherlands ISIN: NL0011872650 Symbol: BFIT FINANCIAL CALENDAR AGM 24 April 2023 Half-year 2023 results 25 July 2023 2",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.65,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Basic Fit N', 'Trading Update', 'MILLION FIRST THREE MONTHS HIGHLIGHTS Number', 'MORE INFORMATION Basic-Fit Investor Relations', 'BFIT FINANCIAL CALENDAR AGM', 'same time leaver numbers', 'strong club openings programme', 'first four months', 'recent market leadership', 'remaining COVID-19 restrictions', 'high growth rate', 'Club openings pipeline', 'BASIC-FIT PRESS RELEASE', 'total membership base', 'new membership structures', '€1 billion Club network', 'Premium membership base', 'Premium membership uptake', 'REVENUE DEVELOPMENT Basic-Fit', 'strong development', 'first quarter', 'Net openings', 'net growth', 'club count', 'MEMBERSHIP DEVELOPMENT', 'BASIC-FIT REPORTS', 'TRADING UPDATE', 'RENE MOOS', 'Joiner rates', 'historic trends', 'cost inflation', 'ongoing efforts', 'FY 2022 results', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Half-year 2023 results', 'Average revenue', 'monthly revenue', '50% OUTLOOK Basic-Fit', 'Premium memberships', 'gradual increase', 'extraordinary increase', 'Benelux countries', '24 April construction', 'quarter end', '51% REVENUE INCREASE', 'mature clubs', 'Most clubs', '51% increase', '2023 outlook', '200 clubs', '162 51% Clubs', '68 clubs', '72 clubs', '4 clubs', '696 clubs', 'Hoofddorp', 'start', 'Q1', 'ROIC', 'CEO', 'France', 'aim', 'impact', 'KPIs', 'change', 'millions', 'Avg', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Luxembourg', 'joiners', 'lifting', 'publication', 'Contracts', 'Sites', 'YTD', 'ISIN', 'Symbol', '104']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23615,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/24/2653104/0/en/PRESS-RELEASE-BIGBEN-ANNUAL-SALES-FOR-FY-2022-23.html,PRESS RELEASE: BIGBEN: ANNUAL SALES FOR FY 2022-23:,Press release             Lesquin  24 April 2023  18:00 hrs  Q4 2022-23 SALES  UP 9.0% TO 65.7 M€ ...,"English FrenchPress releaseLesquin  24 April 2023  18:00 hrsQ4 2022-23 SALESUP 9.0% TO 65.7 M€ANNUAL SALES FOR FY 2022-23: €283.8 M€ (+2.9%)BIGBEN INTERACTIVE (ISIN FR0000074072) today published its consolidated sales for the full 2022-2023 financial year (period from 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2023).IFRS – M€ 2022/232021/22Change in %Sales 1st half-year (Apr. - Sept.) 138.6 124.2 +11.6% 3rd quarter (Oct. – Dec.) 79.5 91.3 -12.8% 4st Quarter (January - March) (1) 65.7 60.3 +9.0% Nacon Gaming 37.7 31.7 +19.1% Bigben Audio / Telco 28.0 28.6 -2.1% Cumulative 12 months (April - March) (1) 283.8 275.7 +2.9% Nacon Gaming 156.4 155.9 +0.3% Bigben Audio / Telco 127.4 119.8 +6.3%(1) Non audited dataConsolidated sales for Q4 2022-2023 up 9. 0 % to 65.7 M€.NACON Gaming recorded Q4 sales of 37.7 M€  up 19.1%.VIDEO GAMES: As expected  the publishing news was once again abundant in the fourth quarter with the release of four games (Chef Life  Blood Bowl®3  Clash and Transport Fever 2 Console Edition)  enabling Catalogue sales (new games) to jump by 130.1% to 13.7 M€.The Back catalogue (games released in previous years) continued to outperform and reached an all-time high in the quarter. Its sales rose by 61.2% to 11.2 M€.ACCESSORIES: Sales of new generation consoles have been increasing since the beginning of the year. However  due to a certain inertia  the Accessories business did not benefit from this in the immediate future. This activity thus amounted to 12.2 M€  down 31.6%. Nevertheless  a slowdown in the decline was observed at the end of the quarter  suggesting a gradual improvement in the global market in the coming months.BIGBEN - Audiovideo/Telco posted 28.0 M€ sales in Q4 2022-23  down 2.1%.MOBILE ACCESSORIES: Q4 sales came to 21.6 M€  compared with 21.8 M€ for the same period of FY 2021-22.In a telco market that ontracted in volume over 2022  this business continued to perform well thanks to the positive momentum of charger sales and the premiumisation of product ranges:- Confirmation of the success of the Force® premium ranges. Over a year  more than 2 million units were sold  up 7% on the previous year.- Successful launch of the new Force® Play brand. This success was rewarded with the ""Voted Product of the Year 2023"" label.- Introduction on the market  at the end of December 2022  of the first Force® Power high performance universal charger manufactured in France and equipped with GaN  Power Delivery technologies.AUDIOVIDEO: Sales for the quarter amounted to 6.4 M€ compared to 6.7 M€ in Q4 2021-2022. The Bigben Kids and Bigben Party alarm clock ranges performed well. The Video business  on the other hand  experienced a slowdown over the period.Over 12 months  BIGBEN - Audiovideo/Telco sales rose by 6.3% to 127.4 M€.Mobile accessories were up by 6.2% to 96.8 M€. The AudioVideo sector posted an increase of 6.7% to 30.6 M€ due in particular to the inclusion of Metronic in the consolidation scope.Consolidated sales 2022-2023 & expected resultsFor the financial year  the Group's turnover will be €283.8m  up 2.9% compared to 2021-2022.In terms of results  BIGBEN expects current operating income before IFRS2* to be down on the previous financial year  while operating income will increase.Strong growth ambitions for 2023-2024The 2023-2024 financial year will be marked for NACON by a high level of editorial activity with around twenty games to be released over the period  compared with 13 games last year.The first half of 2023-2024 will see the release of the highly anticipated The Lord of the Rings GollumTM   as well as Cricket24  RoboCop: Rogue City and Rugby24  the official game of the Rugby World Cup  which will take place next September.The back catalogue will continue to grow under the mechanical effect of the games released in FY 2022-2023.Finally  the Accessories business should benefit from several factors:- A more favourable base effect.- A gradual end to the tensions experienced in 2022-2023 thanks to the increase in the number of new consoles.- An offer that will be expanded in the coming months with the release of several high-potential products.The BIGBEN AUDIO-VIDEO/TELCO business should continue to benefit from the withdrawal of chargers and pedestrian kits for most new smartphones. At the same time  the diversification of sales channels is continuing in order to develop the sale of accessories in the reconditioned smartphone segment.Finally  the listing by Metronic of Audio products in DIY stores since Q3 2022-2023 opens up new commercial prospects.Given the growth expected to be sustained at NACON Gaming and the resilience of the BIGBEN Audio-Video/Telco business  the Group reaffirms its confidence and anticipates strong growth in its business over the full year.* Current operating income before IFRS2 corresponds to current operating income before expenses related to share-based payment plans.Next Publication:Annual Results 2022/23: 30 May 2023 (Press release after close of the Paris stock exchange)SALES 2022-23283.8 M€HEADCOUNTOver 1200 employeesINTERNATIONAL31 subsidiaries and a distribution network in more than 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben Interactive is a European player in video game development and publishing  in design and distribution of smartphone and gaming accessories as well as in audio products. The Group  which is recognized for its capacities in terms of innovation and creativity  intends to become one of Europe’s leaders in each of its marketsCompany listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index : CAC Mid & Small – Eligible SRD longISN : FR0000074072 ; Reuters : BIGPA ; Bloomberg : BIGFPPRESS CONTACTSCapValue – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.12,0.48,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', 'ANNUAL SALES', 'BIGBEN', 'FY', 'first Force® Power high performance universal charger', 'Bigben Party alarm clock ranges', 'Transport Fever 2 Console Edition', 'new Force® Play brand', 'full 2022-2023 financial year', 'The BIGBEN AUDIO-VIDEO/TELCO business', 'Force® premium ranges', 'Power Delivery technologies', 'Rugby World Cup', 'share-based payment plans', 'Paris stock exchange', 'most new smartphones', 'new commercial prospects', 'current operating income', 'favourable base effect', 'The Bigben Kids', 'new generation consoles', '2023-2024 financial year', 'The AudioVideo sector', 'several high-potential products', 'The Back catalogue', 'The Video business', 'previous financial year', 'Strong growth ambitions', 'high level', 'first half', 'charger sales', 'product ranges', 'new consoles', 'full year', 'The Lord', 'previous year', 'mechanical effect', 'several factors', 'Audio products', 'new games', 'BIGBEN INTERACTIVE', 'Year 2023"" label', 'VIDEO GAMES', 'English French', '1st half-year', 'publishing news', 'Chef Life', 'Blood Bowl', 'immediate future', 'gradual improvement', 'positive momentum', '2 million units', 'Successful launch', 'Voted Product', 'other hand', 'consolidation scope', 'Rings GollumTM', 'Rogue City', 'official game', 'pedestrian kits', 'same time', 'smartphone segment', 'DIY stores', 'Next Publication', 'Catalogue sales', 'Nacon Gaming', 'Accessories business', 'Cumulative 12 months', 'coming months', 'global market', 'expected results', 'Annual Results', 'ANNUAL SALES', 'consolidated sales', 'sales channels', 'four games', 'twenty games', '3rd quarter', '4st Quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'Mobile accessories', 'editorial activity', 'Press release', 'gradual end', 'same period', 'Audiovideo/Telco sales', 'Q4 sales', 'telco market', '28.0 M€ sales', '13 games', '37.7 M', '13.7 M', '11.2 M', '21.8 M', '6.4 M', '6.7 M', '96.8 M', '30.6 M', 'Lesquin', '24 April', '18:00 hrs', 'FY', 'ISIN', '1 April', '31 March', 'IFRS', 'Apr.', 'Sept.', 'Oct.', 'Dec.', 'January', 'data', 'Clash', 'beginning', 'inertia', 'slowdown', 'decline', 'volume', 'premiumisation', 'Confirmation', 'Introduction', 'December', 'France', 'GaN', 'increase', 'inclusion', 'Metronic', 'Group', 'turnover', 'terms', 'Cricket24', 'RoboCop', 'Rugby24', 'place', 'tensions', 'number', 'offer', 'withdrawal', 'chargers', 'diversification', 'order', 'listing', 'Q3', 'resilience', 'confidence', 'expenses', '30 May', 'close', '65.7', '130.', '12.2', '21.6', '127.4']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,globenewswire.com
23616,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROCTOOL-S-A-14912735/news/Roctool-S-A-20230414-Roctool-RA-ENG-43624690/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Roctool S A : 20230414 Roctool RA ENG,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   Le Bourget-du-Lac  14th April 2023 - 8am CET   Results 2022   ROCTOOL reaches a milestone   Record Activity   Strong improvement in operating and net income   Profitable growth trajectory based on...h…,"Press Release Le Bourget-du-Lac  14th April 2023 - 8am CET Results 2022 ROCTOOL reaches a milestone Record Activity Strong improvement in operating and net income Profitable growth trajectory based on its unique and efficient eco-friendly molding technology The Roctool Board of Directors (Euronext Growth - FR0010523167 - ALROC)  specialists in mold heating and cooling technologies for plastics and composites  met on April 13  2023 to approve the 2022 financial statements. The group recorded a record annual turnover of €9.4M on 31 December 2022  up +14% compared to 2021  and +44% compared to 2020. Mathieu Boulanger  Roctool CEO comments: ""I would like to thank all the employees whose expertise and work  in a complex global context  have enabled our innovation to be successfully recognized. In 2022  Roctool will achieve an unprecedented turnover with a very strong growth in Roctool systems and services (respectively +41% and +44% vs 2021). This performance demonstrates the attractiveness of our solutions for our customers  who recognize a unique value proposition in line with the challenges of the ecological transition in industry. We are proud to reach an inflection point today that should allow Roctool to enter a profitable growth cycle  addressing increasingly diversified prestigious customers."" Consolidated data (in k€) 2022* 2021 ∆ 2020 ∆ vs22 Revenues 9 356 8 236 14% 6 505 44% EBITDA (146) 197 - (1 658) 91% EBIT (operating result) (108) (638) 83% (2 218) 95% Net result (315) (704) 55% (2 601) 88% Status of the 2022 consolidated accounts: the audit procedures on the accounts have been completed and the auditors' audit report is in the process of being issued. A solid business model Roctool has continued its uninterrupted growth in activity for the past 3 years  which has enabled sales to reach 9 356 K€. It should be noted that the +14% growth masks a much stronger growth dynamic  with a significant breakthrough in sales of Roctool systems (+41% vs. 2021) and services (+44% vs. 2021) in combination with licenses and royalties. 1/3In 2022  the diversification of customers and sectors of activity addressed was further strengthened  reaching sectors at the cutting edge of innovation and in strong demand for industrial solutions that meet the major challenges of the ecological transition. Thus  Roctool addresses customers in the automotive (46%)  consumer (19%) and beauty (11%) sectors  as well as other fields such as new energies. This wealth of activities guarantees Roctool a lesser sectoral exposure and strengthens its positioning with key accounts. The gross margin remains at a high and stable level compared to 2021  even though the inflationary context  as well as the product mix  could have impacted the margin level. This level of margin demonstrates the strength of Roctool's business model  with strong operating leverage. The strong growth in activity  combined with excellent control of the cost structure  has enabled the company to remain very close to breakeven  as expected. This slight decrease in Ebitda is explained by two factors. On the one hand  and mainly  essential recruitments have been made to structure and accompany the expected growth. Thus  Roctool has announced the recruitment of a Director of International Sales during 2022  who is in charge of accelerating the commercial dynamic. In addition  Roctool has increased its spending on technology promotion  in particular with participation in the largest plastics trade fair in Germany (K SHOW)  which is held once every three years. The Ebit improved significantly to -108 K€ vs -638 K€ in 2021  at a level close to the Ebitda  as the year 2022 did not result in the recognition of provisions as in 2021. The net result improved by +389 K€ to -315 K€. 2/3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Roctool S A', 'Roctool RA ENG', 'net income Profitable growth trajectory', 'efficient eco-friendly molding technology', 'largest plastics trade fair', 'profitable growth cycle', '8am CET Results', 'lesser sectoral exposure', 'record annual turnover', 'complex global context', ""auditors' audit report"", 'unique value proposition', 'solid business model', 'stronger growth dynamic', 'milestone Record Activity', 'diversified prestigious customers', 'strong operating leverage', 'The Roctool Board', 'Net result', 'technology promotion', 'strong growth', 'unprecedented turnover', 'audit procedures', 'inflationary context', 'commercial dynamic', 'Euronext Growth', 'uninterrupted growth', 'Strong improvement', 'strong demand', 'Press Release', 'Le Bourget-du-Lac', 'mold heating', 'cooling technologies', '2022 financial statements', 'Mathieu Boulanger', 'ecological transition', 'inflection point', 'Consolidated data', 'operating result', 'past 3 years', 'significant breakthrough', 'cutting edge', 'other fields', 'new energies', 'product mix', 'excellent control', 'cost structure', 'slight decrease', 'two factors', 'one hand', 'essential recruitments', 'The Ebit', '2022 consolidated accounts', 'key accounts', 'gross margin', '14th April', 'industrial solutions', 'major challenges', 'stable level', 'Roctool CEO', 'Roctool systems', 'International Sales', 'K SHOW', 'margin level', '+14% growth', '9 356 K', '08 K', 'Directors', 'ALROC', 'specialists', 'composites', 'group', '31 December', 'employees', 'expertise', 'work', 'innovation', 'services', 'performance', 'attractiveness', 'line', 'industry', 'Revenues', '88% Status', 'process', 'combination', 'licenses', 'royalties', '1/3', 'diversification', 'sectors', 'automotive', 'consumer', 'beauty', 'wealth', 'activities', 'positioning', 'high', 'strength', 'company', 'Ebitda', 'charge', 'addition', 'spending', 'participation', 'Germany', 'recognition', 'provisions', '2/3', '2021']",2023-04-14,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23617,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dna-diagnostics-center-ddc-announces-the-launch-of-peekaboo-click-bringing-virtually-pain-free-blood-collection-to-its-peekaboo-early-gender-dna-test-product-line-301805017.html,DNA Diagnostics Center (DDC) Announces the Launch of Peekaboo™ Click  Bringing Virtually Pain-Free Blood Collection to its Peekaboo Early Gender DNA Test Product Line,FAIRFIELD  Ohio  April 24  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- DNA Diagnostics Center (DDC)  a global leader in genetic relationship and consumer testing  and part of the Eurofins network of companies  today announces the launch of Peekaboo™ Click  the latest addition to it…,"FAIRFIELD  Ohio  April 24  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- DNA Diagnostics Center (DDC)  a global leader in genetic relationship and consumer testing  and part of the Eurofins network of companies  today announces the launch of Peekaboo™ Click  the latest addition to its Peekaboo Early Gender DNA Test product family.Peekaboo Click will offer pregnant women an innovative way to determine the gender of their baby at home at just 6 weeks Tweet this Peekaboo Click Early Gender DNA TestThe Peekaboo™ test enables expecting parents to discover their baby's gender very early in pregnancy with 99.5% accuracy from a simple blood sample from the mother1. Peekaboo™ Click will make obtaining a test sample more convenient and accessible for expectant mothers  utilizing a virtually pain-free at-home collection device that collects capillary blood from the mother's arm as early as six weeks into pregnancy. Customers then send the sample back to DDC's laboratory  where it is analyzed and accurate results are returned to the customer as soon as the same day.Like the original Peekaboo™ Early Gender DNA Test  Peekaboo™ Click delivers results with exceptional accuracy and convenience by using PCR technology to detect the presence of Y chromosomes from cell-free fetal DNA isolated from a self-collected maternal blood sample.""DNA Diagnostics Center continues to be at the forefront of innovation and quality in consumer genetic testing  with its highly accredited laboratory services and excellent customer care "" said Mike Sheaffer  Founder of the American Pregnancy Association. ""We are excited that Peekaboo™ Click will offer pregnant women an even more comfortable and simple solution to determine the gender of their baby at home.""Peekaboo™ Click was designed with expecting mothers' experience in mind  as a more convenient  reliable and comfortable alternative to traditional fingerstick blood collection. Women simply stick the device on their upper arm  click a button to activate a tiny needle  and wait for up to two minutes for blood to begin collecting directly into the device's tube.Peekaboo™ Click is now available for purchase on peekaboogendertest.com  and on Amazon. Customers can avail of the Peekaboo™ Click Express service on peekaboogendertest.com  which includes overnight shipping and results delivered the same day that the sample arrives at the laboratory.99.5% accuracy validated in a clinical study of 215 pregnant women between 7 and 39 weeks gestation with blood drawn from venipuncture. Data published on peekaboogendertest.com.To learn more  please visit: https://dnacenter.com/blog/dna-diagnostics-center-announces-the-launch-of-peekaboo-clickFurther information:Christy Kaupinen  Vice President of Marketing  DNA Diagnostics Center[email protected][email protected]About DNA Diagnostics CenterDNA Diagnostics Center (DDC) is a global leader in DNA testing and genetics. The company provides comprehensive consumer and legal DNA testing services for paternity and family relationships  fertility  lifestyle  veterinary  and forensics worldwide. DNA Diagnostics Center is part of the Eurofins network of companies.About Eurofins – the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. With over 61 000 staff across a network of ca. 900 laboratories in 61 countries  Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods.Eurofins Shares are listed on Euronext Paris Stock Exchange.SOURCE DNA Diagnostics Center  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.7,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Peekaboo Early Gender DNA Test Product Line', 'DNA Diagnostics Center', 'Pain-Free Blood Collection', 'Peekaboo™', 'DDC', 'Launch', 'Peekaboo Early Gender DNA Test product family', 'original Peekaboo™ Early Gender DNA Test', 'DNA Diagnostics Center DNA Diagnostics Center', 'SOURCE DNA Diagnostics Center', 'up to two minutes', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'traditional fingerstick blood collection', 'legal DNA testing services', 'Peekaboo™ Click Express service', 'collected maternal blood sample', 'The Peekaboo™ test', 'cell-free fetal DNA', 'excellent customer care', 'American Pregnancy Association', 'consumer genetic testing', 'simple blood sample', 'home collection device', 'test sample', 'family relationships', 'consumer testing', 'Peekaboo Click', 'genetic relationship', 'capillary blood', 'simple solution', 'comprehensive consumer', 'laboratory services', 'global leader', 'latest addition', 'innovative way', 'expectant mothers', 'same day', 'PCR technology', 'Y chromosomes', 'Mike Sheaffer', ""mothers' experience"", 'convenient, reliable', 'tiny needle', 'overnight shipping', 'clinical study', 'Further information', 'Christy Kaupinen', 'Vice President', 'ca. 900 laboratories', '200,000 analytical methods', 'pregnant women', 'comfortable alternative', 'upper arm', 'Eurofins Shares', 'accurate results', 'exceptional accuracy', 'peekaboogendertest.com', 'Eurofins network', '99.5% accuracy', 'FAIRFIELD', 'Ohio', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'DDC', 'part', 'companies', 'launch', 'baby', '6 weeks', 'parents', 'six', 'Customers', 'convenience', 'presence', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'quality', 'Founder', 'mind', 'button', 'tube', 'purchase', 'Amazon', '39 weeks', 'venipuncture', 'Data', 'dna-diagnostics-center', 'Marketing', 'genetics', 'company', 'paternity', 'fertility', 'lifestyle', 'veterinary', 'forensics', 'bio-analysis', '61,000 staff', '61 countries', 'portfolio', '7']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,prnewswire.com
23618,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INTEGRAGEN-6325198/news/IntegraGen-reports-2022-annual-results-with-a-growth-of-16-in-revenues-and-a-positive-EBITDA-43623672/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,IntegraGen : reports 2022 annual results with a growth of 16% in revenues and a positive EBITDA.,(marketscreener.com)   Increase of activities performed on all sequencing platforms   Positive EBITDA for the second consecutive year despite inflation impact on reagents   Growth outlook confirmed for 2023    Evry  France  april 24th 2023  6 pm -…,Increase of activities performed on all sequencing platformsPositive EBITDA for the second consecutive year despite inflation impact on reagentsGrowth outlook confirmed for 2023Evry  France  april 24th 2023  6 pm - IntegraGen (FR0010908723 - ALINT - Eligible PEA PME)  IntegraGen  a company specializing in the decryption of the human genome  which carries out interpretable genomic analyzes for academic and private laboratories and develops diagnostic tools in oncology and part of OncoDNA Group  today announced its annual audited results for the full year 2022. The annual accounts were approved by the company's Board of Directors which met on April 21st  2023.Bernard Courtieu  CEO IntegraGen  said: « The 2022 results  the first full year post to the integration of IntegraGen in OncoDNA Group  reflect the robustness of our economic model  with a second year at break-even while continuing its developments.In particular  the launch of the OncoDEEP Kit at the European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO)  held in Paris last September  which represents the first pan-cancer genomic panel resulting from the Group's research  materializes new development prospects for the activities of IntegraGen in France.In a context made difficult by the high inflation affecting reagents and energy  we were able to maintain our margins and generate a positive EBITDA for an overall turnover of €12 552k.Thanks to the loyalty of our customers and partners  and the exceptional quality of the services rendered by all the employees  we are particularly proud to be able to present these results and more generally to continue our contribution to the projects of researchers and clinicians contributing to the improvement of patient care.»Increase of genomic service activities performed by Evry labGenomic service activities  performed at our site in Evry  include services provided for research laboratories and teams in charge of clinical research.The annual turnover recognized during the 2022 financial year increased by 8% to €5 129k. Laboratory activity was relatively low in the first half and intensified in the second half of the year.In 2022  the genomics teams have carried out about 20.000 biological samples on the Evry platform.Strong growth in services provided for the Institut PasteurIntegraGen continued its services for the shared microbiology (P2M) platform of the Institut Pasteur.During the first quarter  the platform continued to be very active in the context of the Covid-19 virus pandemic and variant sequencing needs. Volumes related to Covid-19 began to decrease in the second half of 2022 to give way to the usual microbiology activity.In 2022  the platform carried out nearly 84.428 microbial sequencings  including 53.078 for SARS-Covid-19 or a growth of 30%.Increased sequencing for GCS SeqOIAAs a reminder  in 2018 the GCS SeqOIA (made up of Assistance Publique-Hôpitaux de Paris [AP-HP]  the Institut Curie and the Gustave Roussy cancer center) accepted the offer of IntegraGen for the provision of an operating service for a high-throughput sequencing data production platform.The platform's operations have started in early 2019 and the patients' sequencing services have progressively increased including the effect of the broadening of the indications. As a consequence  the turnover increased by 20% to €4 008k during the financial year 2022.FINANCIAL RESULTSProfit & LossIn thousands of euros (€k) 2022 2021 Var. % Revenues 13.167 11.324 16% Other operating revenues 329 222 48% Total revenues 13.496 11.546 17% EBITDA 62 170 -63% EBIT -139 -44 216% Pre-tax current result -72 82 -188% Net result -4 15 -123%The 2022 revenues amounted to €13 167k  an increase of 16% compared to the previous year. Excluding recharge of personnel costs to the parent company  the turnover was €12 552k representing a growth of 17% compared to 2021 (€10 778k). This growth reflects increased activity in all sales segments.Operating income was €13 496k compared to €11 546k in 2021 after taking into account transfers of charges and reversals of depreciation and provisions and subsidies.Operating expenses amounted to €13 635k  up 18% compared to the year before. This increase is explained by various factors including the increase in the cost of consumables for sequencing production  the increase of sales and marketing costs and the increase in payroll charges. Over the period  the average workforce increased to 53 people versus 49.Following the increase of revenues and the control on the costs despite the inflation  EBITDA was positive at €62k compared to €170k in 2021.After the consideration of financial result  exceptional items and tax  the 2022 financial year ended with a net result of -€4k€ compared to a profit of €15k in the previous year.Balance sheetIn thousands of euros (€k) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Fixed assets 468 624 Stock 387 342 Accounts receivables 3.220 3.357 Other receivables 441 492 Cash 4.507 4.781 Current assets 8.555 8.972 Translation difference 0 8 TOTAL ASSETS 9.023 9.604 In thousands of euros (€k) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Shareholder's equity 2.182 2.186 Provisions for risks and charges 0 8 Financial debt 1.672 1.953 Advances received from customers 0 430 Accounts payables 3.216 3.552 Other payables 1.934 1.475 Translation difference 18 0 TOTAL LIABILITIES 9.023 9.604As of December 31st  2022  the company's cash position was €4 507  a decrease of €274 compared to the end of 2021. This moderate variation remains in line with previous periods. The position includes a state guaranteed loan (Prêt Garanti par l'État  PGE) for an outstanding amount of €1 633k that the company started to reimburse last June.OUTLOOK FOR 2023: CONTINUED GROWTH EXPECTEDIntegraGen expects continued revenue growth in 2023 based on the order book to be delivered and the positive trend observed in the market with academic and private clients.The completed integration within the OncoDNA Group confirms IntegraGen's commercial development prospects outside France.The available cash will finance operational and investment needs.In 2023  the company is continuing its investments in the areas of certification and quality assurance so as to be able to significantly increase its service offering to industry  particularly support activities for the clinical development of new molecules in oncology.ABOUT INTEGRAGENIntegraGen is an OncoDNA group company specializing in the genomics of cancer and rare genetic diseases. Backed by highly competent and qualified teams  IntegraGen is a leading player in DNA sequencing services and genomic data interpretation software. The company runs one of the largest NGS labs in France and operates for research institutes of excellence. As part of OncoDNA group  IntegraGen leverages the power of next generation sequencing with the mission of delivering the promise of precision medicine to patients. IntegraGen has about 56 employees and generated €12 6 million of turnover in 2022. Based in France  IntegraGen is part of the Belgian OncoDNA group present in Spain  UK  Germany and works with an international network of 35 distributors. The Group also provides biomarker testing and clinical interpretation tools to guide treatment and monitoring of latestage solid tumors and accelerate the development of new cancer drugs.IntegraGen is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (ISIN: FR0010908723 - Mnemo: ALINT - Eligible PEA- PME).For further information  connect with us on LinkedIn or Twitter.CONTACTSINTEGRAGEN Bernard COURTIEU - CEO Pierre FLAMANT - CFO contact(a)integragen.com Tél. : +33 (0)1 60 91 09 00 NEWCAP Investor and Media Relations Louis-Victor DELOUVRIER integragen(a)newcap.eu Tél. : +33 (0)1 44 71 98 53Share :24 April 2023,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.09,0.48,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'positive EBITDA', 'IntegraGen', 'growth', 'revenues', 'high-throughput sequencing data production platform', 'Assistance Publique-Hôpitaux de', 'Gustave Roussy cancer center', 'first pan-cancer genomic panel', 'first full year post', 'interpretable genomic analyzes', 'Eligible PEA PME', 'new development prospects', 'Covid-19 virus pandemic', 'variant sequencing needs', 'genomic service activities', 'usual microbiology activity', ""patients' sequencing services"", 'second consecutive year', 'annual audited results', 'tax current result', 'Other operating revenues', 'sequencing platforms', 'first half', 'first quarter', 'Increased sequencing', 'operating service', 'shared microbiology', 'Other receivables', 'Current assets', 'second year', 'annual accounts', 'second half', 'Net result', 'Operating income', 'Operating expenses', 'financial result', '2022 financial year', 'previous year', 'human genome', 'private laboratories', 'diagnostic tools', 'Bernard Courtieu', 'economic model', 'OncoDEEP Kit', 'European Society', 'exceptional quality', 'patient care', 'Laboratory activity', '20.000 biological samples', 'Institut Pasteur', 'P2M) platform', '84.428 microbial sequencings', 'GCS SeqOIA', 'Institut Curie', 'various factors', 'average workforce', 'exceptional items', 'Balance sheet', 'Fixed assets', 'Accounts receivables', 'Translation difference', '8 TOTAL ASSETS', 'annual turnover', 'inflation impact', 'OncoDNA Group', 'high inflation', 'research laboratories', 'clinical research', 'personnel costs', 'marketing costs', 'Total revenues', 'Positive EBITDA', 'Medical Oncology', 'overall turnover', 'Evry lab', 'genomics teams', 'Evry platform', 'sales segments', 'payroll charges', 'Growth outlook', 'Strong growth', 'parent company', '2022 results', '2022 revenues', 'reagents', 'France', 'IntegraGen', 'ALINT', 'decryption', 'academic', 'part', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'CEO', 'integration', 'robustness', 'break', 'developments', 'launch', 'ESMO', 'Paris', 'context', 'energy', 'margins', 'loyalty', 'customers', 'employees', 'contribution', 'projects', 'researchers', 'clinicians', 'improvement', 'site', 'Volumes', 'way', 'SARS-Covid', 'reminder', 'AP-HP', 'offer', 'provision', 'operations', 'early', 'effect', 'broadening', 'indications', 'consequence', 'Profit', 'Loss', 'thousands', 'euros', 'recharge', 'transfers', 'reversals', 'depreciation', 'subsidies', 'consumables', 'period', '53 people', 'control', 'consideration', '624 Stock', 'Cash', '2023']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23619,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONXEO-17068163/news/Onxeo-Reports-Full-Year-2022-Financial-Results-and-Provides-Clinical-Development-Updates-43623971/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230424,Onxeo Reports Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Provides Clinical Development Updates,(marketscreener.com) Phase 1b/2 trial of AsiDNA™ in combination with olaparib in the United States in recurrent ovarian  breast and metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer continues to enroll patientsAdvancing Second Product  OX425  a pan-DDR de…,Regulatory News:Onxeo S.A. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALONX)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage Response (DDR) and driver oncogenes  today reported its consolidated results for the fiscal year ending December 31  2022.Dr. Shefali Agarwal  Chairwoman of the Board of Directors and CEO  stated: “2022 was a pivotal year for our Company  with renewed governance. Thanks to the support of our two main and historical shareholders  Invus and Financière de la Montagne  we were able to refocus our R&D efforts to the United States. A first major step in this direction was the FDA clearance of the initial Investigational New Drug (IND) application for AsiDNA™  our first-in-class drug candidate  last June 30. Since then  we have initiated  in December 2022  a Phase 1b/2 trial for AsiDNA™ in combination with Olaparib in recurrent ovarian  breast and metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. At the same time  REVOCAN study  Phase 1b/2 study is ongoing  and we observed encouraging activity from the preliminary data highlighting the potential of AsiDNA™ for patients with recurrent ovarian cancer who are progressing on an initial treatment with a PARP inhibitor. This study sponsored by Gustave Roussy Cancer Campus continues to enroll patients and we look forward to obtaining additional data. Last but not least  we are finalizing the preclinical development of OX425  our new compound sourced from the PlatON™ platform  in order to file an IND application in the United States in the second half of 2023.As the company is actively moving forward its R&D portfolio  the Company has received the necessary financial support  which will allow the extension of the Company’s runway to the second quarter of 2024.”FY 2022 FINANCIAL RESULTS*Consolidated income statement (IFRS) In thousands of euros 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Revenues 1 443 4 062 Operating expenses  of which: (19 008) (9 722) R&D expenses (11 054) (4 904) Other recurring operating income 450 78 Recurring operating income/loss (17 115) (5 582) Other non-recurring operating income and expenses 389 439 Operating income/loss after income from equity affiliates (16 727) (5 143) Financial result (2 549) (693) tax (285) (100) Loss (19 562) (5 937)*Audit procedures on the consolidated accounts have been carried out. The certification report will be issued once the management report has been verified.Revenues for full-year 2022 totaled €1.4 million and consisted of flat-rate royalties due from Biogen under a licensing agreement for a non-strategic product.Operating expenses rose sharply from €9.7 million in 2021 to €19.0 million in 2022  mainly due to:Personnel expenses  which increase from €4.0 million to €8.6 million  as a result of the recruitment of Onxeo's American team during the second quarter of 2022 and the changes in management and staff in 2022.External expenses increased from €4.1 million to €9.4 million  due to the growth of R&D expenses related to the industrial development of AsiDNA and the preclinical development of OX425. These R&D expenses thus increase from 4.9 million in 2021 to €11.1 million in 2022.The financial result was a loss of €2.6 million in 2022  and primarily consisted of interest on the bond loan with SWK  which has been fully repaid during the year.After taking into account a corporate tax expense of €0.3 million  the Group recorded a net loss of €19.5 million in 2022 compared to a loss of €5.9 million in 2021.FINANCIAL STRUCTUREAs of December 31  2022  the Group had a cash position of €14.6 million  compared with €17.9 million at December 31  2021. The outstanding financial debt at the end of 2022 amounted to €9.1 million  which includes state-backed loans obtained in February 2021 as well as the €4 million convertible bond debt issued in April 2022.The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. This principle has been adopted by the Board of Directors on the basis of a consolidated net cash position of 14.6 million euros at December 31  2022 and the financing commitments received from its main shareholders Invus and Financière de la Montagne  as well as from a new investor  in the amount of 14.3 million euros. The Group will thus be able to finance its activities at least until the second quarter of 2024 on the basis of its financing plan.2022 HIGHLIGHTS AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTSPreclinical developmentOnxeo presented new preclinical data on March 9  2022  confirming the relevance of combining AsiDNA™ with PARP inhibitors (PARPi) in tumor models with an active homologous recombination repair (HRP) pathway at the ESMO Targeted Anticancer Therapies Congress. Although PARP inhibitors have shown significant benefits in cancer patients with deficient homologous recombination repair (HRD)  they show no or very limited efficacy in tumors with active or proficient homologous recombination repair (HRP). The data presented by Onxeo highlight the therapeutic opportunity of combining AsiDNA™ and PARPi in HRP tumors to overcome intrinsic or acquired resistance in clinical situation.At the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting held from April 8 to 13  2022  the Company presented new preclinical data confirming the capabilities of AsiDNA™ to protect against cancer therapy toxicity and to combat tumor resistance:In the collaboration with Prof. Gilles Favre (Toulouse Cancer Research Center)  AsiDNA™ was shown to prevent the emergence of resistance to tyrosine kinase inhibitors in several oncogenic addiction models  highlighting the therapeutic opportunity of combining AsiDNA™ with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) to overcome resistance in a clinical setting.In addition  within the framework of the collaboration with Prof. Marie Dutreix (Institut Curie)  experiments in in vivo and in vitro models have shown the potential of AsiDNA™ to protect healthy cells from the toxicity of several cancer treatments. Indeed  when combined with different anticancer treatments (carboplatin +/- Paclitaxel in long-term treatment  Radiotherapy  Doxorubicin  PARP inhibitors)  AsiDNA™ induces its nuclear target engagement only in dividing cells  while preserving healthy non dividing cells. Furthermore  in some proliferating healthy cells  AsiDNA™ induces division arrest or boosts their DNA repair activity  protecting them from the toxic effects of anti-cancer treatments.Clinical developmentOn June 30  2022  the Company announced that the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued “Safe to Proceed” to our first Investigational New Drug (IND) application for AsiDNA™.This decision allowed the Company to initiate a multi-center Phase 1b/2 trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of AsiDNA™ in combination with the PARP inhibitor Olaparib in patients with epithelial ovarian cancer  breast cancer and metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer  who have progressed after initial treatment with PARP inhibitors. This clinical trial started in December 2022  with the activation of the first clinical study site in the United States  Next Oncology in San Antonio and enrolled first patient in March 2023.In addition  during 2022  Onxeo continued its two trials conducted in collaboration with two academic research centers of excellence in oncology:The REVOCAN study  a phase 1b/2 trial evaluating the combination of AsiDNA™ with PARP inhibitors in the 2nd line maintenance treatment of relapsed ovarian cancer. Gustave Roussy is the sponsor of this study. The first interim analysis in 10 patients in January 2023 did not show any dose-limiting toxicity and demonstrated that the combination is generally well tolerated. The interim analysis demonstrated encouraging clinical activity with six patients showing stable disease and one patient showing a complete response with a disease control rate of approximately 70%. The study has enrolled 17 patients so far  a detailed results of the interim analysis will be published by the investigator.The Phase 1b/2 trial evaluating AsiDNA in combination with radiotherapy in the treatment of recurrent high-grade glioma in children  an indication with a particularly poor prognosis. Institut Curie is the sponsor of this study  which is supported by a grant from the European Fight Kids Cancer program. Onxeo has announced the treatment of a first patient in early September 2022. Five patients have been enrolled so far  and the combination has been well tolerated.GovernanceOn January 3  2022  Onxeo announced the appointment of Julien Miara as interim Chief Executive Officer  replacing Judith Greciet. Ms. Greciet left the Company during the first half of 2022.On April 7  2022  Dr. Shefali Agarwal  M.D succeeded Julien Miara and was appointed Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of Onxeo.The Annual General Meeting of June 15  2022  appointed Khalil Barrage  Managing Director at Invus  as a new Director for three years. The shareholders also renewed the mandate of GammaX Corporate Advisory  represented by Jacques Mallet  as Director for a further three years. Danielle Guyot-Caparros  whose third mandate expired at this General Meeting  did not wish to renew her mandate.Following these changes  the Board of Directors is composed of seven members  three of whom are independent.2023 OUTLOOKIn 2023  the Company will continue to pursue its value creation strategy based on the development of its therapeutic innovations until proof of concept in humans  with the following main milestones:AsiDNA™Enrollment to continue in the U.S. phase 1b/2 trial in combination with Olaparib in ovarian  breast and prostate cancers to identify the RP2D in combination with Olaparib.Clinical updates expected in the second half of 2023 from phase 1b/2 trials conducted in France and European Union under the sponsorship of academic centers: REVOCAN trial with Gustave Roussy Pediatric trial in High-Grade Glioma with Institut CurieSubmissions for publications in international scientific journals of the results of preclinical or clinical studies as part of the development plan to demonstrate the potential of AsiDNA.OX425Finalization of the IND-enabling preclinical studies.Preparation of an IND application with the FDA in S2 2023.PlatONContinued evaluation and optimization of PlatON platform and potential new drug candidates.About OnxeoOnxeo (Euronext Growth Paris: ALONX) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing innovative oncology drugs targeting tumor DNA-binding functions through unique mechanisms of action in the sought-after field of DNA Damage Response (DDR). The Company is focused on bringing early-stage first-in-class or disruptive compounds from translational research to clinical proof-of-concept  a value-creating inflection point appealing to potential partners.PlatON is Onxeo’s proprietary chemistry platform of DNA decoy therapeutics  which generates new innovative compounds and broaden the Company’s product pipeline.AsiDNA  the first compound from platON  is a highly differentiated  clinical-stage first-in-class candidate in the field of DNA damage response (DDR) applied to oncology. Its DNA decoy therapeutic mechanism acting upstream of multiple DDR pathways results in distinctive antitumor properties  including the ability to prevent or abrogate tumor resistance to targeted therapies such as PARP inhibitors and strong synergy with tumor DNA-damaging agents such as radio-chemotherapy. AsiDNA is currently being studied in Europe and the US in combination with other treatment modalities in difficult-to-treat solid tumors.OX425  the second compound from platON  is a novel pan-DDR Decoy with high antitumor activity. It also mediates multiple immunostimulatory effects by activating the STING pathway. OX425 is currently undergoing IND-enabling preclinical development.For further information  please visit www.onxeo.com.Forward looking statementsThis communication expressly or implicitly contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Onxeo and its business. Such statements involve certain known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Onxeo to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Onxeo is providing this communication as of this date and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements contained herein as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Onxeo to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the risk factors described in the most recent Company’s registration document or in any other periodic financial report and in any other press release  which are available free of charge on the websites of the Company Group (www.onxeo.com) and/or the AMF (www.amf-france.org).APPENDICECONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31/12/2022The 2022 Financial Report will be available on the Company's website as of April 28  2023.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETASSETS in €K 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Non-current assets Intangible fixed assets 20 531 20 531 Tangible assets 794 180 Rights of use 1 093 2 057 Other financial fixed assets 90 162 Total non-current assets 22 507 22 930 Current assets Trade receivables and related accounts 1 473 8 526 Other receivables 4 521 3 721 Cash and cash equivalents 14 856 17 887 Total current assets 20 579 30 133 TOTAL ASSETS 43 086 53 063 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY K€ 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Shareholders' equity Capital 27 877 22 999 Less: Treasury shares -81 -181 Share premium 27 705 24 583 Reserves -13 669 -8 522 Earnings -19 562 -5 937 Total shareholders’ equity 22 270 32 942 Non-current liabilities Provisions 869 1 508 Deferred tax liability 0 204 Non-current financial debts 8 104 5 082 Non-current lease liabilities 646 1 428 Other non-current liabilities 4 048 4 835 Total non-current liabilities 13 667 13 057 Current liabilities Current provisions 20 Short-term borrowings and financial liabilities 1 003 2 953 Current lease liabilities 335 471 Trade payables and related accounts 3 449 2 832 Other current liabilities 2 342 807 Total current liabilities 7 149 7 063 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 43 086 53 063CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEIn K€ 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Revenues 1 443 4 062 Purchases -514 -368 Personnel expenses -8 624 -3 984 External expenses -9 392 -4 131 Taxes and duties -52 -99 Net depreciation  amortization and provisions -1 -468 Other current operating expenses -423 -672 Operating expenses -19 008 -9 722 Other current operating income and expenses 450 78 Current operating income -17 115 -5 582 Other non-current operating income 395 439 Other non-current operating expenses -6 Share of income from equity affiliates Operating result after share of income from equity affiliates -16 727 -5 143 Net cost of financial debt -2 173 -840 Other financial income 124 513 Other financial expenses -500 -366 Financial income -2 549 -693 Tax expenses -285 -100 - of which deferred taxes 204 211 Consolidated net income -19 562 -5 937 Earnings per share -0.18 -0.07 Diluted earnings per share -0.18 -0.07 In K€ 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Result for the period -19 562 -5 937 Currency translation adjustments 105 218 Other items recyclable as a result 105 218 Actuarial gains and losses 86 49 Other items non-recyclable as a result 86 49 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 191 267 Total comprehensive income for the period -19 371 -5 670 Total comprehensive income attributable to the parent company owners -19 371 -5 670 Minority interestsCONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF NET CASH FLOWSK€ 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Consolidated net loss -19 562 -5 937 +/- Depreciation  amortization and provisions  net -167 511 (excluding provisions against working capital) +/- Unrealized gain and losses associated with changes in fair value 213 -182 +/- Non-cash income and expenses on stock options and similar items 724 224 +/- Other calculated income and expenses +/- Capital gains and losses on disposal +/- Dilution gains and losses +/- Share of equity affiliates Gross operating cash flow after cost of net debt and taxes -18 792 -5 384 + Cost of net debt 2 189 848 +/- Tax expenses (including deferred taxes) 285 100 Gross Operating cash flow before cost of net debt and taxes -16 318 -4 436 - Taxes paid +/- Changes in operating WCR (including debt related to employee benefits) 6 875 -4 136 NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES -9 443 -8 572 - Expenditures on acquisition of tangible and intangible assets -488 -139 + Proceeds of disposal of tangible and intangible assets - Expenditures on acquisition of financial assets + Proceeds of disposal of financial assets 80 73 +/- Effect on changes in scope of consolidation + Dividends received (equity affiliates  unconsolidated investments) +/- Change in loans and advances granted + Capital grants received +/- Other changes from investment transactions NET CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES -409 -66 + Net amount received from shareholders on capital increase . Paid by shareholders of the parent company 7 875 9 351 . Paid by minority interest in consolidated companies + Amount received on exercise of stock options -/+ Purchase and Sale of treasury shares 99 1 + Amounts received on issuances of new loans - Reimbursements of loans (including lease debts) -1 513 2 620 o/w repayment of lease debts (IFRS16) -405 -487 +/- Others flows related to financing activities 1 4 NET CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 6 463 11 976 +/- Effects of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates 87 25 CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS -3 301 3 363 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT START OF YEAR 17 886 14 523 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT YEAR END 14 585 17 886View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230424005842/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.22,0.64,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Clinical Development Updates', 'Onxeo Reports', 'initial Investigational New Drug (IND) application', 'Financière de la Montagne', 'ESMO Targeted Anticancer Therapies Congress', 'deficient homologous recombination repair', 'proficient homologous recombination repair', 'metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer', 'Gustave Roussy Cancer Campus', 'active homologous recombination repair', 'Other non-recurring operating income', 'Other recurring operating income', '€4 million convertible bond debt', 'consolidated net cash position', 'class drug candidate', 'recurrent ovarian cancer', 'DNA Damage Response', 'Dr. Shefali Agarwal', 'R&D efforts', 'first major step', 'Phase 1b/2 trial', 'recurrent ovarian, breast', 'R&D portfolio', 'outstanding financial debt', 'Consolidated income statement', 'R&D expenses', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Phase 1b/2 study', 'IND application', 'corporate tax expense', 'FY 2022 FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'going concern basis', 'Onxeo S.A.', 'new preclinical data', 'necessary financial support', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'initial treatment', 'consolidated results', 'new compound', 'new investor', 'Operating expenses', 'bond loan', 'Operating income/loss', 'consolidated accounts', 'cancer patients', 'FINANCIAL STRUCTURE', 'financial statements', '14.6 million euros', '14.3 million euros', 'Personnel expenses', 'External expenses', 'net loss', 'preclinical development', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative drugs', 'driver oncogenes', 'two main', 'historical shareholders', 'United States', 'FDA clearance', 'same time', 'REVOCAN study', 'encouraging activity', 'preliminary data', 'PARP inhibitor', 'additional data', 'PlatON™ platform', 'second half', 'second quarter', 'equity affiliates', 'Audit procedures', 'certification report', 'flat-rate royalties', 'licensing agreement', 'strategic product', 'American team', 'state-backed loans', 'financing commitments', 'main shareholders', 'financing plan', 'RECENT DEVELOPMENTS', 'significant benefits', 'limited efficacy', 'therapeutic opportunity', 'industrial development', 'fiscal year', 'pivotal year', 'HRP) pathway', 'management report', 'tumor models', 'The Group', 'HRP tumors', 'ALONX', 'DDR', 'December', 'Chairwoman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'governance', 'Invus', 'direction', 'AsiDNA™', 'Olaparib', 'potential', 'OX425', 'order', 'extension', 'runway', 'IFRS', 'thousands', 'Revenues', 'full-year', 'Biogen', 'recruitment', 'changes', 'staff', 'interest', 'SWK', 'end', 'February', 'April', 'principle', 'amount', 'activities', '2022 HIGHLIGHTS', 'March', 'relevance', 'PARPi', 'HRD', 'intrinsic']",2023-04-24,2023-04-25,marketscreener.com
23620,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/galapagos-shareholders-approve-resolutions-proposed-200100101.html,Galapagos’ shareholders approve all resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors at the annual shareholders’ meeting,CET;  (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announces the approval of all resolutions proposed at its annual shareholders’ meeting (AGM) held today at 14.00 CET. The AGM approved  amongst other items  the re-appointments of Mr.,Galapagos NVMechelen  Belgium; 25 April 2023  22.01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announces the approval of all resolutions proposed at its annual shareholders’ meeting (AGM) held today at 14.00 CET.The AGM approved  amongst other items the re-appointments of Mr. Peter Guenter as non-executive independent director for a period of 4 years  and of Mr. Daniel O’Day and Dr. Linda Higgins as non-executive non-independent directors for a period of 4 years  all effective as of todaythe appointment of BDO Bedrijfsrevisoren BV  permanently represented by Ms. Ellen Lombaerts  as new statutory auditor of Galapagos for a period of 3 yearsAll documents related to the AGM can be consulted on the Galapagos website.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to commercialized programs in immunology  oncology  and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in Europe and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Marieke Vermeersch Sofie Van Gijsel +32 479 490 603 +1 781 296 1143 Elisa Chenailler Sandra Cauwenberghs +41 79 853 33 54 +32 495 58 46 63 ir@glpg.com Hélène de Kruijs +31 6 22463921 media@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this release  unless specifically required by law or regulation.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.58,0.26,0.17,True,English,"['annual shareholders’ meeting', 'Galapagos’ shareholders', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Investor relations Marieke Vermeersch Sofie Van Gijsel', 'Hélène de Kruijs', 'Elisa Chenailler Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'Mr. Daniel O’Day', 'Mr. Peter Guenter', 'annual shareholders’ meeting', 'executive independent director', 'Dr. Linda Higgins', 'executive non-independent directors', 'BDO Bedrijfsrevisoren BV', 'Ms. Ellen Lombaerts', 'new statutory auditor', 'integrated biotechnology company', 'high unmet needs', 'R&D capabilities', 'multiple drug modalities', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Media relations', 'other items', 'innovative medicines', 'patients’ lives', 'small molecules', 'cell therapies', 'other indications', 'first medicine', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'ulcerative colitis', 'additional information', 'future results', 'Galapagos NV', 'Galapagos website', 'The AGM', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '25 April', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'approval', 'resolutions', 'appointments', 'period', '4 years', 'today', '3 years', 'documents', 'diseases', 'portfolio', 'discovery', 'programs', 'immunology', 'oncology', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'release', 'guarantees', 'date', 'publication', 'obligation', 'law', 'regulation', 'Story', 'Attachment', '14.00']",2023-04-25,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23621,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40238778/eu-wheat-holds-at-19-month-low-as-market-shrugs-off-ukraine-risk,EU wheat holds at 19-month low as market shrugs off Ukraine risk,PARIS: Euronext wheat eased on Tuesday to remain at a 19-month low as market participants continued to be unperturbed about the risk of an unraveling of a Black Sea grain deal and focused instead on large Russian supplies and improving U.,PARIS: Euronext wheat eased on Tuesday to remain at a 19-month low as market participants continued to be unperturbed about the risk of an unraveling of a Black Sea grain deal and focused instead on large Russian supplies and improving U.S. weather.September wheat  the most active contract on Euronext  was down 0.7% at 242.00 euros ($265.74) a tonne by 1535 GMT.It earlier eased to 241.00 euros  the weakest second-month price since September 2021 and slightly below a previous 19-month low hit on Monday.Wheat rises as Russia threatens to scrap Black grain pact; corn fallsThe Kremlin reaffirmed its position on Tuesday that the Black Sea grain deal  which allows maritime exports from Ukraine  is not working for Moscow  a day after the head of the United Nations gave Russia a letter with proposals to improve it.“I think there is growing belief in the market that the Ukrainian shipping agreement may not now be extended ” one trader said.“But the negative comments from the Russians have been going on for so long that there seems a general acceptance that something will change.”Concern about a possible halting of Ukrainian sea exports has been tempered by large supplies in Russia.But some traders argue wheat prices do not reflect risks to Black Sea supply due to a bearish stance among investment funds.“Funds are pushing prices lower. If the corridor closes there will be panic-buying because the market is very short now ” another trader said.Chicago wheat fell further to a 21-month low  pressured by forecasts for significant rainfall this week in drought-affected U.S. winter wheat zones.Traders were awaiting a wheat import tender called by Tunisia for Wednesday  with the apparent exclusion of Black Sea origins raising the prospect of sales for Western European wheat.Weekly data on European Union grain exports and imports was postponed due to a technical problem.Rain this week in much of Europe was expected to keep crops in good shape  with the notable exception of drought-hit Spain.In Germany  standard 12% protein wheat for May delivery in Hamburg was offered for sale around level the Euronext May contract  with buyers seeking one euro under following trade at one euro under on Monday.,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,mixed,0.06,0.07,0.87,True,English,"['EU wheat', 'Ukraine risk', 'market', 'U.S. winter wheat zones', 'previous 19-month low hit', 'Black Sea grain deal', 'European Union grain exports', 'U.S. weather', 'Black grain pact', 'Black Sea supply', 'Black Sea origins', 'Ukrainian sea exports', 'weakest second-month price', 'Ukrainian shipping agreement', 'Western European wheat', 'wheat import tender', 'large Russian supplies', 'Euronext May contract', 'maritime exports', 'large supplies', '21-month low', 'active contract', 'May delivery', 'Euronext wheat', 'Chicago wheat', '12% protein wheat', 'corn falls', 'The Kremlin', 'United Nations', 'growing belief', 'negative comments', 'general acceptance', 'possible halting', 'bearish stance', 'significant rainfall', 'apparent exclusion', 'Weekly data', 'technical problem', 'good shape', 'notable exception', 'one euro', 'September wheat', 'wheat prices', 'one trader', 'investment funds', 'market participants', 'PARIS', 'Tuesday', 'risk', 'unraveling', '242.00 euros', '1535 GMT', '241.00 euros', 'Monday', 'position', 'Ukraine', 'Moscow', 'head', 'letter', 'proposals', 'Russians', 'something', 'Concern', 'traders', 'corridor', 'forecasts', 'drought-affected', 'Tunisia', 'Wednesday', 'prospect', 'sales', 'imports', 'crops', 'drought-hit', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'standard', 'Hamburg', 'level', 'buyers']",2023-04-25,2023-04-25,brecorder.com
23622,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-04/58907340-visiativ-revenue-up-7-in-q1-2023-650.htm,VISIATIV: REVENUE UP 7% IN Q1 2023,Organic growth in ARR doubled to €30.0m +20% growth in the CONSULTING business Continued momentum in international business: +25% Lyon  25 April 2023 - 6:00 p.m. Visiativ  a digital transformation,"Organic growth in ARR doubled to €30.0m+20% growth in the CONSULTING businessContinued momentum in international business: +25%Lyon  25 April 2023 - 6:00 p.m. Visiativ  a digital transformation and innovation expert for small and medium-sized businesses  is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (FR0004029478  ALVIV).Visiativ achieved consolidated revenue of €59.4m in Q1 2023  up 7%. At constant scope and exchange rates  organic growth was -4%. As a reminder  Q1 2022 was characterised by growth of 27% (+21% organic)  notably for the SOFTWARE business (+35% of growth o/w +30% organic)  representing a high basis for comparison at the start of the 2023 financial year.The stability of the SOFTWARE business in Q1 2023 masks the strong increase in SaaS subscriptions - more than doubling (+125%) and now accounting for +20% of SOFTWARE sales versus less than 10% in Q1 2022.At end-March 2023  ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) totalled €30.0m  up 130% from end-March 2022 (+100% organic) and representing sequential growth of 9% compared to the previous quarter.The CONSULTING business posted sustained growth  up 20% in Q1 2023 (+4% in organic terms)  driven by the dynamics of innovation.Recurring business  which represented 67% of revenue  was up 11% in Q1 2023 (+1% in organic terms).In line with FY 2022  international business continued to propel the Visiativ's growth with €21.5m of revenue now achieved outside France  i.e. growth of 25% (+5% organic) which accounted for 36% of total revenue.€m - Unaudited data as of 31/03 Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Change Organic change[1] SOFTWARE 34.5 34.1 -1% -9% o/w SaaS subscriptions 3.2 7.2 +125% +52% CONSULTING 21.1 25.3 +20% +4% TOTAL REVENUE 55.6 59.4 +7% -4% o/w International revenue 17.2 21.5 +25% +5% As a % 31% 36% o/w Recurring revenue 35.9 39.7 +11% +1% As a % 65% 67%The SOFTWARE business reported stable revenue in Q1 2023 (-1% in reported terms  -9% in organic terms). As a reminder  sales to industry were particularly buoyant in Q1 2022 (notably licence sales).During the period  SaaS (Software as a Service) revenues surged +125% (+52% organic) - accounting for 21% of the SOFTWARE division's total revenue versus 13% on a full-year basis in 2022 - which reflects the robust growth in subscriptions  in line with Visiativ's strategic ambitions and the company's shift in focus to a SaaS sales model.At end-March 2023  ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) totalled €30.0m versus slightly in excess of €13m at end-March 2022  i.e. an increase of 130% (+100% organic) and €27.4m at end-December 2022 which equates to sequential organic growth of 9%.The CONSULTING business achieved growth of 20% in Q1 2023 (+4% organic)  benefitting from the consolidation since 1st October 2022 of Absiskey  a strategy and innovation financing consultancy firm based in France and Poland.In Q1 2023  recurring revenue (multi-year contracts  software maintenance  SaaS contracts and subscriptions) amounted to €39.7m  up 11% (+1% in organic terms) and representing 67% of Visiativ's total billings.For Visiativ  international business remained a strategic growth driver in Q1 2023  with sales outside France up 25% (+5% at constant scope and exchange rates)  thereby increasing the share of billings issued internationally to 36% of the company's total for the period  versus 30% in Q1 2022.OUTLOOKIn an uncertain economic environment  for 2023  Visiativ will seek to strengthen the pillars of its development  namely to:Strengthen the value proposition through the Visiativ Innovation Platform;the value proposition through the Visiativ Innovation Platform; Consolidate the Visiativ Agora technology platform;the Visiativ Agora technology platform; Develop the subscription model by capitalising on the software platform;the subscription model by capitalising on the software platform; Continue the growth momentum in international business;the growth momentum in international business; Accelerate growth by making further accretive acquisitions.FINANCIAL CALENDAREVENTS DATES Annual General Meeting Thursday 25 May  2023 Q2 2023 revenues Wednesday 26 July  2023 H1 2023 results Tuesday 19 September  2023 Q3 2023 revenues Tuesday 24 October  2023 Full-year 2023 revenue Wednesday 24 January 2024 Full-year 2023 results Tuesday 19 March 2024These dates are an indication and may be changed if necessary. All publications will be issued after close of trading markets on Euronext Paris.ABOUT VISIATIVVisiativ's mission is to make digital transformation a performance lever for companies. We do this by co-building alongside our customers  over the long term. We call this our promise: ""Sharing  is growing"".We support our customers by providing solutions and services to plan  implement  manage and monitor transformations with a unique and innovative approach through three pillars: Consult (consulting & support)  Engage (solutions & deployment) and Connect (communities for exchange and sharing). With over 35 years of proven experience working with more than 23 000 Small & Mid-Market customers  Visiativ has achieved revenues of €259 million in 2022. Visiativ is present in 14 countries (Belgium  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Luxembourg  Morocco  the Netherlands  Poland  the United Kingdom  U.A.E  USA and Switzerland) and has more than 1 400 employees.Visiativ (ISIN code FR0004029478  ALVIV) is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. The share is eligible for PEA and PEA-PME.For further information visit www.visiativ.comVISIATIV CONTACTLydia JOUVALExternal CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)4 78 87 29 29lydia.jouval@visiativ.com INVESTOR CONTACTACTUSMathieu OMNESTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr PRESS CONTACTACTUSSerena BONITel.: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.fr[1] growth at constant consolidation scope  restated for the consolidations of MB CAD (as of 1st April 2022)  Daxium and Braithwaite (as of 1st July 2022)  Absiskey (as of 1st October 2022)  and at constant exchange rates.------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:lnBqk5ialpnKy2tvaJtsapWUm2djkmGcm5bKmmdwlZabaZ6Vm5qVl52eZnBqmmdq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-79524-visiativ-pr-q1-2023-25042023-en.pdf",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['VISIATIV', 'Q1', 'EVENTS DATES Annual General Meeting', 'innovation financing consultancy firm', 'Visiativ Agora technology platform', 'uncertain economic environment', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'Visiativ Innovation Platform', 'strategic growth driver', 'The SOFTWARE business', 'sequential organic growth', 'The CONSULTING business', 'SaaS sales model', 'software platform', 'innovation expert', 'Recurring business', 'strategic ambitions', 'subscription model', 'sequential growth', 'international business', 'organic terms', 'digital transformation', 'medium-sized businesses', 'consolidated revenue', 'constant scope', 'high basis', '2023 financial year', 'previous quarter', 'International revenue', 'stable revenue', 'reported terms', 'full-year basis', 'multi-year contracts', 'SaaS contracts', 'value proposition', 'accretive acquisitions', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'H1 2023 results', 'Full-year 2023 revenue', 'Full-year 2023 results', 'trading markets', 'performance lever', 'long term', 'innovative approach', 'proven experience', 'SOFTWARE division', 'software maintenance', 'total revenue', 'licence sales', 'Service) revenues', 'Q2 2023 revenues', 'Q3 2023 revenues', 'Euronext Growth', 'sustained growth', 'robust growth', 'SOFTWARE sales', 'exchange rates', 'Organic change', 'strong increase', 'SaaS subscriptions', '1st October', 'Euronext Paris', 'three pillars', 'growth momentum', 'Mid-Market customers', 'total billings', '31/03 Q1', '+20% growth', 'ARR', 'Lyon', '25 April', 'small', 'ALVIV', 'reminder', 'comparison', 'start', 'stability', 'less', 'end-March', 'dynamics', 'line', 'FY 2022', 'France', 'Unaudited', 'data', 'industry', 'period', 'company', 'shift', 'focus', 'excess', 'end-December', 'consolidation', 'Absiskey', 'strategy', 'Poland', 'share', 'OUTLOOK', 'development', 'Thursday', 'May', 'July', 'September', 'January', 'indication', 'publications', 'close', 'mission', 'companies', 'solutions', 'services', 'transformations', 'unique', 'support', 'Engage', 'deployment', 'Connect', 'communities', 'sharing', '35 years', '6:00']",2023-04-05,2023-04-25,finanznachrichten.de
23623,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/diageo-plc-announces-voluntary-delisting-114000271.html,Diageo PLC Announces VOLUNTARY DELISTING FROM EURONEXT PARIS,"Today  following its announcement on 13 April 2023  Diageo plc (""Diageo"") announces that the delisting of its shares from Euronext Paris (ISIN:GB0002374006) (the ""Paris Delisting"") has been approved by the board of directors of Euronext Paris.","LONDON  UK / ACCESSWIRE / April 25  2023 / Today  following its announcement on 13 April 2023  Diageo plc (""Diageo"") announces that the delisting of its shares from Euronext Paris (ISIN:GB0002374006) (the ""Paris Delisting"") has been approved by the board of directors of Euronext Paris. It is currently anticipated that the Paris Delisting will take effect on 26 May 2023.The decision by Diageo to delist was taken following a review of the trading volumes  costs and administrative requirements related to its listing on Euronext Paris.The delisting from Euronext Paris will not have any impact on Diageo's day-to-day operations in France.Diageo's listings on the London Stock Exchange (DGE) (the ""LSE"") and the New York Stock Exchange (DEO) will not be impacted by the delisting from Euronext Paris.Following the announcement made on 13 April 2023  Diageo has also submitted an application for the delisting of its ordinary shares from Euronext Dublin (the ""Dublin Delisting""). Euronext Dublin has now confirmed that it requires no further information from Diageo to effect the Dublin Delisting (other than final confirmation of the date of the Dublin Delisting). It is currently anticipated that the Dublin Delisting will take effect on or around 30 May 2023  approximately one business day after the Paris Delisting has taken effect. Diageo will publish a further announcement when the Dublin Delisting has taken effect.A voluntary sales facility procedure will be put in place in accordance with Euronext Paris' rules to allow shareholders to sell their Diageo shares listed on Euronext Paris and held in the Euroclear France clearing system (the ""Diageo Euronext Paris Shares""). Diageo has appointed Uptevia to act as centralising agent in connection with the voluntary sales facility.Holders of Diageo Euronext Paris Shares have the following options:not participate in the voluntary sales facility and keep all of your Diageo Euronext Paris Shares  which will be transferred to the LSE following the delisting date and which you will be able to trade on the LSE thereafter  subject to the terms applied by your financial intermediary and your custody arrangements; ornot participate in the voluntary sales facility and sell some or all of your shares on Euronext Paris using your financial intermediary in the usual way on or before 25 May 2023 (this being the final date for the settlement of such trades prior to the delisting date) and thereafter trade any remaining shares on the LSE  subject to the terms applied by your financial intermediary and your custody arrangements; orparticipate in the voluntary sales facility as described in more detail below and sell some or all of your Diageo Euronext Paris Shares on the LSE  in accordance with the rules of Euronext Paris and the terms and conditions of the voluntary sale facility and thereafter trade any remaining shares on the LSE  subject to the terms applied by your financial intermediary and your custody arrangements.Story continuesVoluntary Sales Facility ProcedureShareholders who wish to sell some or all of their Diageo Euronext Paris Shares on the LSE through the voluntary sales facility procedure must request that their financial intermediary deliver their Diageo Euronext Paris Shares to Uptevia  acting as centralising agent  from 2 May 2023 to 16 May 2023 (inclusive)  pursuant to the procedure described below.The Diageo Euronext Paris Shares delivered to Uptevia from 2 May 2023 to 16 May 2023 (inclusive) will be sold by Uptevia on the LSE beginning on 22 May 2023 by its nominated LSE broker at the market price prevailing at the time of the sale(s). Uptevia  with the assistance of its broker  will calculate the average sale price of Diageo Euronext Paris Shares sold pursuant to the voluntary sales facility and will transfer the sale proceeds (which will be converted into Euros from Sterling by Uptevia) to the participating shareholders' financial intermediaries once Uptevia receives the funds from its nominated LSE broker.Diageo will pay the centralisation and brokerage fees and any applicable foreign exchange commission in connection with the sale on the LSE of the Diageo Euronext Paris Shares sold pursuant to the voluntary sales facility.The voluntary sales facility procedure is also described in the Euronext notice expected to be published today.No guarantee can be given by Diageo or by Uptevia as to the timing or the price at which the Diageo Euronext Paris Shares tendered pursuant to the voluntary sales facility will be sold on the LSE.Holders of Diageo Euronext Paris Shares may decide not to participate in the voluntary sales facility or may decide not to take any action  in which case no guarantee can be given to them regarding the terms  including costs  that may be applied by their financial intermediary in connection with or after the Paris Delisting. Holders of Diageo Euronext Paris Shares are urged to consult their investment adviser before deciding whether to participate in the voluntary sales facility procedure.The indicative timetable for the voluntary sales facility and the Paris Delisting is set out below. All dates are indicative only  are based on Diageo's current expectations and are subject to change. If any of the dates in this indicative timetable change  the revised dates will be announced.Event Date Beginning of the voluntary sales facility participation window 2 May 2023 End of the voluntary sales facility participation window 16 May 2023 End of centralisation by Uptevia 22 May 2023 Sale on the LSE of the Diageo Euronext Paris Shares tendered pursuant to the voluntary sales facility From 22 May 2023 Last day of trading of Diageo Euronext Paris Shares on Euronext Paris 25 May 2023 Delisting of Diageo Euronext Paris Shares from Euronext Paris 26 May 2023 Settlement of the average sale proceeds of the voluntary sales facility to the relevant financial intermediaries As soon as possible after receipt by Uptevia of the proceeds of the voluntary sales facilityDiageo shareholders participating in the voluntary sales facility acknowledge and accept the risks related to the potential changes in the Diageo share price and/or applicable foreign exchange rates between the time when their Diageo Euronext Paris Shares are delivered to Uptevia for participation in the voluntary sales facility and the receipt of the applicable sale proceeds.Any instructions to tender Diageo Euronext Paris Shares to the voluntary sales facility are irrevocable  as is the subsequent sale of such Diageo Euronext Paris Shares on the LSE  and such instructions must be transmitted to the holder's financial intermediary prior to the deadline provided in the notice that each Diageo shareholder will receive from its custodian.Shareholders who would like additional information about the voluntary sales facility or the delisting of Diageo Euronext Paris Shares from Euronext Paris should contact their custodian and usual financial intermediary.Additional information can also be found in the FAQs published here:https://www.diageo.com/en/investors/shareholder-centre/euronext-paris-and-euronext-dublinEnquiries:Media relations Diageo Global Press Office +44 (0) 7803 856 200 press@diageo.com Investor relations Durga Doraisamy Andrew Ryan Investor.relations@diageo.com+44 (0) 7803 854842 +44 (0) 7803 854842About DiageoDiageo is a global leader in beverage alcohol with an outstanding collection of brands including Johnnie Walker  Crown Royal  J&B and Buchanan's whiskies  Smirnoff  Cîroc and Ketel One vodkas  Captain Morgan  Baileys  Don Julio  Tanqueray and Guinness.Diageo is a global company whose products are sold in more than 180 countries around the world. The company is listed on both the London Stock Exchange (DGE) and the New York Stock Exchange (DEO). For more information about Diageo  our people  our brands  and performance  visit us at www.diageo.com. Visit Diageo's global responsible drinking resource  www.DRINKiQ.com  for information  initiatives  and ways to share best practice.LEI Number: 213800ZVIELEA55JMJ32This information is provided by RNS  the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information  please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com.SOURCE: Diageo PLCView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/751081/Diageo-PLC-Announces-VOLUNTARY-DELISTING-FROM-EURONEXT-PARIS",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.46,0.3,0.24,True,English,"['Diageo PLC', 'VOLUNTARY DELISTING', 'EURONEXT PARIS', 'The Diageo Euronext Paris Shares', 'applicable foreign exchange commission', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Euroclear France clearing system', 'voluntary sales facility procedure', ""participating shareholders' financial intermediaries"", 'London Stock Exchange', 'voluntary sale facility', ""Euronext Paris' rules"", 'average sale price', 'Diageo shares', 'ordinary shares', 'remaining shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Euronext notice', 'Paris Delisting', 'Diageo plc', 'financial intermediary', 'trading volumes', 'administrative requirements', 'day operations', 'final confirmation', 'centralising agent', 'following options', 'custody arrangements', 'usual way', 'market price', 'sale proceeds', 'brokerage fees', 'investment adviser', 'indicative timetable', 'final date', 'Dublin Delisting', 'delisting date', 'LSE broker', 'UK', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'announcement', 'board', 'directors', 'effect', '26 May', 'decision', 'review', 'costs', 'impact', 'listings', 'DGE', 'DEO', 'application', 'information', '30 May', 'place', 'accordance', 'Uptevia', 'connection', 'terms', '25 May', 'settlement', 'trades', 'detail', 'conditions', 'Story', '2 May', '16 May', 'assistance', 'Euros', 'Sterling', 'funds', 'centralisation', 'guarantee', 'timing', 'action', 'case']",2023-04-25,2023-04-25,finance.yahoo.com
23624,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lse.co.uk/news/diageo-receives-approval-for-euronext-paris-delisting-vsrlq4rkjst6smp.html,Diageo receives approval for Euronext Paris delisting,Diageo PLC on Tuesday said that the delisting of its shares from Euronext Paris has now been approved. Diageo is a London-based brewer and distiller with brands including Guinness  Baileys  Tanqueray ,Diageo PLC on Tuesday said that the delisting of its shares from Euronext Paris has now been approved. Diageo is a London-based brewer and distiller with brands including Guinness  Baileys  Tanqueray ,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Paris delisting', 'Diageo', 'approval', 'Euronext Paris', 'London-based brewer', 'Diageo PLC', 'Tuesday', 'delisting', 'shares', 'distiller', 'brands', 'Guinness', 'Baileys', 'Tanqueray']",2023-04-25,2023-04-25,lse.co.uk
23625,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1106084602/Mithra-Releases-Invitation-To-Its-General-Shareholders-Meeting,Mithra Releases Invitation To Its General Shareholders' Meeting,Mithra Releases Invitation to its General Shareholders' Meeting <br />  Liege  Belgium  25 April 2023 – 7:30 CET  – Mithr,"Mithra Releases Invitation to its General Shareholders' MeetingLiege  Belgium  25 April 2023 – 7:30 CET – Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to Women's Health  today announces the invitation to its general shareholders' meeting that will be held on Tuesday May 25 2023 at 2:00 PM (CEST).The notice for the General Meeting including a description of the formalities to participate in the meeting is available on the website investors.mithra.com.Admission requirementsAs referred in the meeting's invitation published in the Belgian press  the right to participate in the general shareholder's meeting and to vote is subject to the prior registration of the shares under the shareholder's name on 11 May 2023 at midnight (CEST) (the "" Record Date "")  either by way of registration on the company's share register  or either by way of registration in book entry form in an account held with a settlement institution or a certified account holder  without taking into account the number of shares held by the shareholder at the day of the general meeting. Only persons who are shareholders on the Record Date are entitled to vote at the general meeting.A certification is delivered to the shareholder by the settlement institution or certified account holder which certifies the number of dematerialized shares registered in its accounts under the name of the shareholder on the Record Date  for which the shareholder has expressed its intention to participate in the general meeting.The shareholder indicates his willingness to participate in the General Meeting by 19 May 2023 at the latest. This must be done by email to   or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège.Right to ask questionsThe directors answer questions that are asked by the shareholders  in writing before the meeting  concerning their report or the agenda  in accordance with legal provisions. These questions may be asked prior to the General Meeting by email to the address or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège. These questions must be received by the Company on 19 May 2023 at the latest.Further information relating to the abovementioned right and the modalities for exercising them are available on the Company's website ( ).ProxiesAny shareholder who wish to vote for that meeting shall be represented by a proxy holder determined by the Company.Shareholders wishing to be represented must send the completed and signed proxy form to the Company on 19 May 2023 at the latest  by email  fax or mail to Mithra's headquarter.Shareholders wishing to vote by mail must send the completed and signed proxy form to the Company on 19 May 2023 at the latest  by email  fax or mail to Mithra's headquarter.Further information on the exercise of this right is available on the Company's website ( ). The proxy and voting forms may be obtained on the Company's website ( ) or upon request at the Company's registered office  or by email to .Shareholders wishing to be represented must comply with the registration and confirmation procedure described above.Available documentsAll documents concerning the general meeting that are required by law to be made available to shareholders as well as the text of the amended articles of association following the approval of the amendments proposed on the agenda may be consulted on the Company's website ( as from 25 April 2023. As from the same date  shareholders have the right to consult these documents on business days and during normal office hours  at the Company's registered office and/or  upon display of their securities  obtain copies of these documents free of charge.Requests for copies may also be made  free of charge  by mail (writing) marked for the attention Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège  or by email to .1 The form must be signed in writing or electronically  with a qualified electronic signature within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 910/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on electronic identification and trust services for electronic transactions in the internal market and repealing Directive 1999/93/EC  as amended********For more information  please contact:Alexandra Deschner : +32 (0)4 349 28 22 –About MithraMithra (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biotech company dedicated to transforming Women's Health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra's goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women's needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill Estelle®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product Donesta®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  Mithra has an approximate headcount of 230 staff members and is headquartered in Liège  Belgium.ESTELLE®  DONESTA® and MYRING® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.Important informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachment2023-04-24_mithra_press-release_general shareholders meeting_fr_final eu",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.0,True,English,"[""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Mithra', 'Invitation', 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'first estetrol-based product', 'normal office hours', 'qualified electronic signature', 'book entry form', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'certified account holder', 'Belgian biotech company', ""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Belgian press', 'second product', 'registered office', 'electronic identification', 'electronic transactions', 'proxy holder', 'Admission requirements', 'Record Date', 'share register', 'settlement institution', 'Corporate Secretary', 'rue Saint-Georges', '4000 Liège.', 'legal provisions', 'voting forms', 'confirmation procedure', 'same date', 'business days', 'European Parliament', 'trust services', 'internal market', 'Directive 1999/93/EC', 'Alexandra Deschner', 'new choices', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'contraceptive pill', 'next-generation hor', 'General Meeting', 'proxy form', 'Further information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'dematerialized shares', 'prior registration', 'Available documents', 'Tuesday May', '11 May', '19 May', 'Invitation', 'Liege', 'Belgium', '25 April', '7:30 CET', 'MITRA', 'Women', 'Health', 'notice', 'description', 'formalities', 'website', 'investors', 'right', 'name', 'midnight', 'CEST', 'way', 'number', 'persons', 'certification', 'accounts', 'intention', 'willingness', 'email', 'attention', 'questions', 'directors', 'writing', 'report', 'agenda', 'accordance', 'address', 'modalities', 'Proxies', 'fax', 'headquarter', 'exercise', 'request', 'law', 'text', 'articles', 'association', 'approval', 'amendments', 'display', 'securities', 'copies', 'charge', 'meaning', 'Regulation', 'Council', '23 July', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'menopause', 'goal', 'products', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'convenience', 'needs', 'potential', 'applications', 'Estelle®', 'Donesta®', '2:00', '32']",2023-04-25,2023-04-25,menafn.com
23626,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/jde-peet-combine-home-cpg-060000955.html,JDE Peet’s to combine Out-of-Home and CPG Europe segments,JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced its intention to combine its Out-Of-Home and CPG Europe segments  into one European segment under the leadership of Juan Amat ,JDE Peet's N.V.PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  25 April 2023JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced its intention to combine its Out-Of-Home and CPG Europe segments  into one European segment under the leadership of Juan Amat  currently President  CPG Europe.This proposed organisational change will enable the European markets to apply a true omnichannel approach  a model the company successfully applies in all of its other markets. Additionally  it will allow the company to leverage its brands more effectively and reduce complexity.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s  commented: “Over the last couple of years  we have successfully implemented various initiatives that have strengthened the foundations and improved the performance of our Out-of-Home business. However  we operate in a dynamic environment  and how our customers and consumers engage with us  buy our products  and use our services continues to structurally evolve. Combining our Out-of-Home and CPG Europe segments will allow us to better leverage our brand power and unlock value.”If these proposed changes are effectuated  JDE Peet’s will align its segment reporting with the new organisational model. The reporting of the other segments and the total company is not subject to change.The proposed changes described above are subject to information and/or consultation as applicable regulations require.# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 20 558 1753Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 20 55 81212IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.6,0.35,0.05,True,English,"['CPG Europe segments', 'JDE Peet', 'Home', 'true omnichannel approach', 'CPG Europe segments', 'one European segment', 'new organisational model', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'other segments', 'European markets', 'N.V.', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Juan Amat', 'organisational change', 'Fabien Simon', 'last couple', 'various initiatives', 'dynamic environment', 'brand power', 'segment reporting', 'applicable regulations', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'other markets', 'total company', 'proposed changes', 'Enquiries Media', 'Home business', 'tea company', '100 markets', 'Amsterdam', '25 April', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'revenue', 'intention', 'leadership', 'President', 'brands', 'complexity', 'CEO', 'years', 'foundations', 'performance', 'customers', 'consumers', 'products', 'services', 'value', 'information', 'consultation', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,200 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', 'portfolio', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-25,uk.finance.yahoo.com
