UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
39412,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MILLICOM-INTERNATIONAL-CE-50060884/news/Millicom-International-Cellular-S-A-SDR-Holder-proxy-form-and-Notification-Form-2024-46450676/,Millicom International Cellular S A : SDR Holder proxy form and Notification Form 2024,(marketscreener.com)   MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. c/c Euroclear   Euroclear Sweden AB Box 191 SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden +468-401 43 11 between 9-16 CET   PIN CODE:   https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy   Holders of Millicom SDRs li…,"MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. (Tigo) c/c Euroclear Euroclear Sweden AB Box 191 SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden +468-401 43 11 between 9-16 CET PIN CODE: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy Holders of Millicom SDRs listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Dear SDR holder  The annual general meeting (AGM) and extraordinary general meeting (EGM) of the shareholders of Millicom International Cellular S.A. (""Millicom"" or the ""Company"") will be held on May 23  2024 at 11.00 am Central European Time (CET)  pursuant to the convening notice available at: https://www.millicom.com/investors/agm-egm-notices/In order to vote  please follow the instructions below1: Millicom SDR Holders eligible to participate and vote Participation and voting at the AGM/EGM is reserved to Millicom SDR Holders duly registered with Euroclear Sweden as of May 9  2024 at 24.00 CET (the ""Record Date"") and who comply with these procedures. Since the Record Date is a public holiday in Sweden  holders of SDRs must make certain that they are registered in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on May 8  2024  at 23.59 CET. Re-registration. In order to exercise their rights at the AGM/EGM  Millicom SDR Holders whose SDRs are registered in the name of a broker or nominee must temporarily re-register the SDRs in their own name in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden. Millicom SDR Holders wishing to re-register must inform their broker/nominee well in advance of the Record Date so that they appear on the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden at 24.00 CET on the Record Date. Note that the re-registration process can take 10 business days or more  and Millicom SDR Holders who have not re-registered will not be eligible to participate and vote at the AGM/EGM. We strongly recommend commencing the re-registrationprocess as soon as possible. Ways to participate and deadline By proxy: registered Millicom SDR Holders may submit the Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form containing their voting instructions  such that it is received no later than on May 17  2024. In person: the registered Millicom SDR Holder may submit the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form to attend the AGM/EGM in person  such that it is received no later than on May 9  2024. Channels to submit the Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form Online : Votes can be cast online at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy using the pin code provided in this letter. Swedish individuals may use their Swedish BankID for voting online (instead of the pin-code).If you are a Millicom SDR Holder eligible to vote at the AGM/EGM but have not received the pin code  please contact Euroclear Sweden at: millicom@euroclear.com or by phone: +468-401-43-11 between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. CET. By post : The Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form can be submitted by post. The original completed  dated and signed forms shall be mailed to the address provided in the form. Millicom SDR Holders that choose to send the forms by post should also send a scanned copy to: millicom@euroclear.com By e-mail (only for the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form): Download the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form fromthe Millicom Website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ . Complete  date and signthe form using an electronic signature  and then send the signed form to: millicom@euroclear.com Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Forms  Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form and all supporting documents can be downloaded from Millicom's website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ Evidence of authority (for Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form only) In case the Millicom SDR Holder is a legal entity  the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form must be signed by a duly authorized person and legally sufficient evidence of the signatory's power of representation must be provided. The attendee will also need to bring an original identification document (such as a passport). Millicom values the engagement and participation of shareholders in the upcoming AGM/EGM. The results and resolutions adopted by the AGM/EGM will be announced in a press release after the meeting. Yours sincerely  Millicom 1 Personal data of SDR holders and shareholders collected from the SDR/share register  notification of attendance to the AGM/EGM as well as information regarding representatives and advisors will be used for registration  drawing up of voting list for the AGM/EGM and  where applicable  minutes from the AGM/EGM. The personal data will be processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council).MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. (Tigo) c/c Euroclear Euroclear Sweden AB Box 191 SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden +468-401 43 11 between 9-16 CET PINKOD: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy Innehavare av Svenska depåbevis i Millicom noterade på Nasdaq Stockholm (""SDB"") Bästa SDB innehavare  Årsstämman (AGM) och en extra bolagsstämma (EGM) för Millicom Cellular S.A. (""Millicom"" eller ""Bolaget"") kommer att hållas den 23 maj 2024 kl. 11.00 centraleuropeisk tid (CET)  i enlighet med den kallelse som finns tillgänglig på Millicoms hemsida: https://www.millicom.com/investors/agm-egm-notices/.För att rösta  vänligen följ instruktionerna nedan2: Röstberättigade SDB innehavare Rätt att rösta och delta på AGM och/eller EGM är förbehållen sådana SDB innehavare i Millicom som är registrerade hos Euroclear Sweden AB per den 9 maj 2024 kl. 24.00 CET (""Avstämningsdagen"") och följer dessa instruktioner. Eftersom avstämningsdagen är en helgdag i Sverige måste SDB-innehavarna försäkra sig om att de är registrerade den 8 maj 2024 kl. 23.59 för att vara berättigade att delta vid stämmorna. Omregistrering. Innehavare av förvaltarregistrerade SDB måste  för att få utöva sina rättigheter på AGM/EGM  tillfälligt omregistrera sina SDB i eget namn i registret hos Euroclear Sweden AB. SDB innehavare som önskar omregistrera sina depåbevis måste informera förvaltaren i god tid innan Avstämningsdagen så att depåbevisen registreras i eget namn i registret hos Euroclear Sweden AB senast kl. 24.00 CET på Avstämningsdagen. Vänligen notera att omregistreringsprocessen kan ta 10 arbetsdagar eller mer och innehavare av förvaltarregistrerade SDB som inte har blivit omregistrerade kommer inte att vara röstberättigade på AGM/EGM. Vi rekommenderar således starkt att påbörja omregistreringsprocessen så snart som möjligt. Sätt att delta och deadline Genom ombud: den registrerade SDB innehavaren ska skicka in fullmaktsformuläret (""SDB-fullmakten"" /""Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form"")innehållande dess röstinstruktioner  så att den inkommit senast den 17 maj 2024. Personligen: Den registrerade SDB innehavaren ska skicka in anmälningssedeln (Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form) för personligt deltagande på AGM och EGM så att den inkommit senast den 9 maj 2024. Sätt att skicka in SDB-fullmakten och anmälningssedeln 1. Online: Röster kan avläggas online på https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxygenom att använda den pinkod som framgår ovan i detta brev. Om du har ett svenskt Bank ID (endast tillgängligt för svenska individer) kan du rösta online genom att använda ditt Bank ID (istället för pinkoden). Om du är en röstberättigad SDB innehavare som inte fått din pinkod  men skulle vilja lämna din röst online  vänligen kontakta Euroclear: millicom@euroclear.comeller på telefon: +46 (0) 8-401 43 11 mellan kl. 9.00 och 16.00 CET. 2. Genom post: SDB-fullmakten och anmälningssedeln kan skickas in med post. SDB-fullmakten eller anmälningssedeln ska vara i original  fullständigt ifylld  daterad och undertecknad  och skickas med post till den adress som framgår av blanketten. SDB innehavare som väljer att skicka SDB-fullmakten eller anmälningssedeln med post bör också skicka en skannad kopia till: millicom@euroclear.com 3. E-mail (endast anmälningssedel): Ladda ner anmälningssedeln på Millicoms webbplats https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/.En komplett  daterad och  genom elektronisk signatur  undertecknad anmälningssedel ska skickas till millicom@euroclear.com. SDB innehavare kan ladda ner SDB-fullmakten  anmälningssedeln och tillhörande dokument från Millicoms hemsida: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/. Behörighetshandlingar (endast för anmälningssedeln) Notera också att behörighetshandlingar avseende firmateckningsrätt ska bifogas anmälningssedeln i det fall aktieägaren är en juridisk person samt att stämmodeltagaren ska ta med giltig identitetshandling till stämman (såsom pass). Millicom värdesätter engagemanget och deltagandet hos sina aktieägare vid den kommande AGM/EGM. Resultaten och fattade beslut från AGM/EGM kommer att meddelas i ett pressmeddelande efter stämmorna. Vänliga hälsningar  Millicom 2 Personuppgifter för SDB innehavare och aktieägare och som hämtats från register för depåbevis/aktiebok  anmälan om deltagande till AGM/EGM såväl som information om ombud och rådgivare kommer att användas för registrering vid AGM/EGM  för att upprätta röstlängd till AGM/EGM  och om tillämpligt  för att upprätta stämmoprotokoll. Personuppgifter kommer att behandlas i enlighet med Dataskyddsförordningen (Europaparlamentets och Rådets förordning (EU) 2016/679).MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. (Tigo) c/c Euroclear Euroclear Sweden AB Box 191 SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden +468-401 43 11 between 9-16 CET Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form I/WE  the undersigned  with professional address at _________________________________________________________ (address)  acting on behalf of ___________________________________________________________ (SDR holder's full company name  if applicable  otherwise leave blank)  with full capacity to represent the SDR Holder(s) at the AGM/EGM  holder of _________________________ (number) SDRs issued by SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB (publ.) (""SEB"") representing the same number of shares in Millicom International Cellular S.A.  a Luxembourg public limited liability company (société anonyme) with registered office at 2  rue du Fort Bourbon L-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies' Register under the company number B 40.630 (""Millicom"" or the ""Company"")  having been granted a power of attorney by SEB with full power of substitution  hereby exercises the said power of substitution and gives special power of attorney  also with full power of substitution  to the Chair of the Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") and/or the extraordinary general meeting (""EGM"") of the shareholders of Millicom (the ""Attorney"") in order for the Attorney to individually represent the undersigned at the AGM and/or the EGM of the shareholders of Millicom  to be held on May 23  2024 starting from 11.00 am CET  or on any other date should the AGM and/or the EGM be reconvened with the same agenda  and to vote as indicated in the table below. The undersigned authorizes the Attorney to individually sign all deeds and documents or do all acts necessary or useful in respect of the performance of this power of attorney even though not especially indicated  promising to ratify such acts and signatures if need be  under this power of attorney  which shall be irrevocable for a period ending on December 31  2024. This power of attorney is governed by Luxembourg law. The courts of the district of Luxembourg City shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any dispute or controversy arising out of or in connection with this power of attorney. a. Tick this box to authorize the Attorney to vote on all items of the AGM agenda as he considers appropriate  or □ b. Tick the boxes below to instruct the Attorney as you consider appropriate: Agenda items of the AGM [refer to the Convening Notice to find more detailed information] In favor Against Abstain 1. To elect the chair of the AGM and to empower the chair of the AGM to appoint the other members of the bureau of □ □ □ the meeting. [Note] 2. To receive the management reports of the board of directors (the ""Board"") and the reports of the external auditor on □ □ □ the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023. 3. To approve the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023. □ □ □ 4. To allocate USD 7 560 803 of the results of the year ended December 31  2023 to the legal reserve and the remaining □ □ □ balance to the unappropriated net profits to be carried forward. [Note] 5. To discharge all the Directors of Millicom for the performance of their mandates during the year ended December □ □ □ 31  2023. 6. To set the number of Directors at 9. [Note] □ □ □ 7. To re-elect María Teresa Arnal as a Director for a term ending at the annual general meeting to be held in 2025 (the □ □ □ ""2025 AGM""). [Note] 8. To re-elect Bruce Churchill as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] □ □ □ 9. To re-elect Tomas Eliasson as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] □ □ □ 10. To re-elect Mauricio Ramos as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note □ □ □ 11. To re-elect Thomas Reynaud as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. □ □ □ 12. To re-elect Blanca Treviño de Vega as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] □ □ □ 13. To re-elect Aude Durand as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] □ □ □ 14. To elect Maxime Lombardini as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] □ □ □ 15. To elect Justine Dimovic as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] □ □ □ 16. To elect Mauricio Ramos as Chair of the Board for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] □ □ □ 17. To approve the Directors' remuneration for the period from the AGM to the 2025 AGM. [Note] □ □ □ 18. To elect KPMG Audit SARL and KPMG LLP (collectively  ""KPMG"") as the external auditor for a term ending on the □ □ □ date of the 2025 AGM and to approve the external auditor remuneration to be paid against an approved account. [Note] 19. To approve an instruction to the Nomination Committee. [Note] □ □ □MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. (Tigo) c/c Euroclear Euroclear Sweden AB Box 191 SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden +468-401 43 11 between 9-16 CET a. Tick this box to authorize the Attorney to vote on all items of the AGM agenda as he considers appropriate  or □ b. Tick the boxes below to instruct the Attorney as you consider appropriate: Agenda items of the AGM [refer to the Convening Notice to find more detailed information] In favor Against Abstain 20. To approve the Share Repurchase Plan. [Note] □ □ □ 21. To vote on the 2023 Remuneration Report. [Note] □ □ □ 22. To approve the Senior Management Remuneration Policy. [Note] □ □ □ 23. To approve the share-based incentive plans for Millicom employees. [Note] □ □ □ a. Tick this box to authorize the Attorney to vote on all items of the EGM agenda as he considers appropriate  or □ b. Tick the boxes below to instruct the Attorney as you consider appropriate: Agenda items of the EGM [refer to the Convening Notice to find more detailed information] In favor Against Abstain 1. To elect the chair of the EGM and to empower the Chair of the EGM to appoint the other members of the bureau of □ □ □ the meeting. [Note] 2. To remove the casting vote of the Chair of the Board in the event of a tie provided by article 444-4 (2) of the 1915 □ □ □ Law and add a sentence to paragraph 7 of article 8 of Millicom's articles of association expressly stating that the Chair of the Board does not have a casting vote in the event of a tie. [Note] 3. To adopt inclusive language and change the definition from ""Chairman"" to ""Chair"" of the Board  and to amend □ □ □ article 7  8  9 and 21 of Millicom's articles of association accordingly  and further amend article 19 second sentence of Millicom's articles of association to refer to the ""chair of the annual general meeting"". [Note] 4. To fully restate the Company's articles of association to incorporate the amendments to the Company's articles of □ □ □ association approved in the foregoing resolutions. [Note] Note: refer to the convening notice for detailed information about these proposals: https://www.millicom.com/investors/agm-egm-notices/ Given in _____________________________ (place)  on ________________2024(date) Signature: Signature: Name: Name: Position: Position: Company name: Company name:",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['Millicom International Cellular S A', 'SDR Holder proxy form', 'Notification Form', 'The Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form', 'MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.', 'Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form', 'Millicom noterade på Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Forms', 'Millicom Cellular S.A.', 'Bästa SDB innehavare', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Dear SDR holder', '9-16 CET PIN CODE', 'Millicom SDR Holders', 'Svenska depåbevis', 'extra bolagsstämma', '9-16 CET PINKOD', 'annual general meeting', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Central European Time', 'euroclearproxy Innehavare av', 'original identification document', 'Euroclear Euroclear Sweden', 'Millicom Website', 'Personal data', 'Millicom SDRs', 'euroclearproxy Holders', 'European Parliament', 'Box 191 SE', 'anmalan.vpc', 'convening notice', 'Record Date', 'public holiday', '10 business days', 'Swedish individuals', 'Swedish BankID', '9:00 a', 'scanned copy', 'Complete, date', 'electronic signature', 'supporting documents', 'legal entity', 'press release', 'SDR/share register', 'voting list', 'Årsstämman', 'för', 'voting instructions', 'sufficient evidence', 'registration process', 'upcoming AGM/EGM.', '24.00 CET', 'Tigo', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'May', 'investors', 'notices', 'order', 'Participation', 'procedures', 'records', 'AB', 'rights', 'name', 'broker', 'nominee', 'advance', 'registrationprocess', 'Ways', 'deadline', 'Channels', 'Votes', 'letter', 'pin-code', 'phone', 'post', 'address', 'mail', 'governance', 'shareholder-meetings', 'authority', 'case', 'legally', 'signatory', 'power', 'representation', 'attendee', 'passport', 'engagement', 'results', 'resolutions', 'attendance', 'information', 'representatives', 'advisors', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'och', '23.59', '4:00', '101']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39413,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AB-SAGAX-10871856/news/AB-Sagax-Corporate-Governance-Report-2023-46456211/,AB Sagax : Corporate Governance Report 2023,(marketscreener.com)    Corporate Governance Report   Sagax's owners govern the company directly and indirectly through various decision-making systems. The corporate governance applied at Sagax meets the requirements stated in the Swedish Companies Act…,"2 This document is an in-house translation of the Swedish annaul report. In the event of discrepancies  the Swedish original will supersede the translation.Sagax's Nomination Committee is  according to the instructions resolved at the 2023 AGM  to consist of four members  one of whom is to be the Chairman of the Board. The three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders in terms of votes  pertaining to directly registered shareholders and nominee-registered shareholders  according to the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear on 31 December 2023  are to each appoint one representative to  in addition to the Chairman of the Board  constitute the Nomination Committee ahead of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are to be independent in relation to the company and company management. At least one of the Nomination Com- mittee's members must be independent in relation to the company's■ Notify the company of their intention to participate not later than Thursday  2 May 2024 at the following address: AB Sagax  c/o Euro- clear Sweden  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via https:// anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. Notification should include name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and telephone number.More information is available on the company's website: www.sagax.se. The completed form is to be sent to AB Sagax  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to General- MeetingService@euroclear.com. The completed form may also be sent electronically using a BankID signature according to the instructions on anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy.■ Notify the company of their participation by voting in advance using the special form not later than Thursday  2 May 2024.Sagax's AGM will be held on 8 May 2024 at 4:00 p.m. at Spårvagns­ hallarna  Birger Jarlsgatan 57 A in Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders will be able to exercise their voting rights through postal voting in accordance with Article 9 of Sagax's Articles of Association  or through physical attendance  postal voting or via a proxy.■ To authorise the Board  on one or more occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting  to make decisions to acquire common shares  warrants and/or convertibles. The company's holdings at any time may not exceed a tenth of the total number of shares in the company.■ Resolution concerning authorisation of the Board of Directors to increase the share capital through new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles.approval of the transfer of the warrants to employees of the Company or its subsidiaries.■ To approve the Board of Director's 2022 Remuneration Report. ■ To introduce the Incentive Plan 2023/2026 through the: a) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Satrap Kapitalförvaltning AB and;largest shareholder or the group of shareholders  in terms of votes  that works together in respect of the administration of the company. The CEO or another member of executive management must not be a member of the Nomination Committee. Board Members may be appointed to the Nomination Committee but are not to constitute a majorityof its members. If more than one Board Member is appointed to the Nomination Committee  at least one of them is required to be dependent in relation to the company's major shareholders. The Nomination Committee is to elect its chairman from among its own members. The Chairman of the Board or any other Board member is not to be elected chairman of the Nomination Committee. The composition of the Nomination Committee must be announced no later than six months prior to the 2024 AGM. The Nomination Committee announced on 30 October2023 has the following composition:Björn Alsén  Chairman  nominated by David Mindus and companies.Erik Salén  nominated by the Salén family and companies. Olof Nyström  nominated by the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund.Staffan Salén  Chairman of the Sagax Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee has  in accordance with the requirements of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the Code  decided on a diversity policy for election to the Board. The policy states that ""The Board must have an appropriate composition in terms of expertise and expe- rience. It is considered important that members are also shareholders in the company. It is of the utmost importance that the selection of members is non-discriminatory on the grounds of sex  transgender identity or expression  ethnicity  religion or other belief  disability  ­sexual orientation and age."" The Nomination Committee held two minuted meetings and also maintained contact by telephone and e-mail.BOARD OF DIRECTORSAccording to the Articles of Association  Sagax's Board is to comprise at least three and at most eight members  with no deputies. Sagax's Board of Directors consists of six members  who were elected at the 2023 AGM. The Board comprises Board Members Johan Cederlund  Filip Engelbert  Staffan Salén  Johan Thorell  Ulrika Werdelin and CEO David Mindus. Staffan Salén was appointed Chairman of the Board. The term of all Board Members runs until the end of the next AGM. For further information about the Members of the Board  see pages 70-71.Board of Directors' work planThe Board's tasks are governed by the Swedish Companies Act and the Articles of Association. The Board's work is also governed by the formal work plan adopted by the Board every year at the statutory Board meeting or the AGM. The formal work plan describes the Board's tasks and the division of responsibility between the Board and the CEO. The directive issued to the CEO and the instructions on financial reporting are adopted at the same time.■ The Board's tasks include deciding on the acquisition and disposal of companies and properties  procurement of loans and guarantees  organisational issues  forecasts and full-year and interim reports.■ According to the formal work plan  the Board must meet at least five times per calendar year in addition to the statutory meeting and strategy meeting.■ The work plan regulates the issues that must always be considered at these five meetings and the statutory meeting.AB SAGAX 2023 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Corporate Governance Report', 'AB Sagax', 'Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Björn Alsén', 'Swedish Annual Accounts Act', 'Satrap Kapitalförvaltning AB', 'next Annual General Meeting', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'Erik Salén', 'Salén family', 'Staffan Salén', 'Swedish annaul report', 'Spårvagns\xad hallarna', 'Olof Nyström', 'two minuted meetings', 'personal identification number', 'corporate registration number', 'Nomination Com- mittee', 'Euro- clear Sweden', 'The Nomination Committee', 'CEO David Mindus', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'three largest shareholders', 'other Board member', 'Swedish original', 'one Board Member', 'total number', '2022 Remuneration Report', 'other belief', 'AB Sagax', 'one representative', 'telephone number', 'More information', 'completed form', 'General- MeetingService', 'BankID signature', 'special form', 'Birger Jarlsgatan', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'physical attendance', 'share capital', 'new issues', 'Incentive Plan', 'executive management', 'expe- rience', 'utmost importance', 'transgender identity', 'sexual orientation', 'Johan Cederlund', 'Filip Engelbert', 'Johan Thorell', 'Ulrika Werdelin', 'following composition', 'appropriate composition', 'nominee-registered shareholders', ""shareholders' register"", 'major shareholders', 'house translation', 'following address', 'diversity policy', 'four members', 'eight members', 'six members', 'common shares', 'company management', 'anmalan.vpc', 'Board Members', 'Sagax Board', 'document', 'event', 'discrepancies', 'instructions', '2023 AGM', 'Chairman', 'groups', 'terms', 'votes', '31 December', 'addition', 'majority', 'relation', 'intention', 'Thursday', 'May', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'https', 'euroclearproxy', 'Notification', 'name', 'website', 'mail', 'participation', 'advance', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Association', 'occasions', 'decisions', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'holdings', 'time', 'tenth', 'Resolution', 'authorisation', 'Directors', 'approval', 'transfer', 'employees', 'subsidiaries', 'subsidiary', 'respect', 'administration', '2024 AGM', '30 October', 'companies', 'requirements', 'Code', 'election', 'expertise', 'grounds', 'expression', 'ethnicity', 'religion', 'disability', 'contact', 'deputies', '101', '4:00']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39414,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864728/0/en/Decisions-taken-by-Sanoma-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-Board-of-Directors.html,Decisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  17 April 2024 at 17:40 EET  Decisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of......,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  17 April 2024 at 17:40 EETDecisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of DirectorsSanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held on 17 April 2024 in Helsinki. For the purposes of expanding the opportunities for shareholders’ participation  the opportunity was reserved for the shareholders to exercise their rights by voting in advance.The meeting adopted the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2023 as well as discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 2023. In addition  the meeting made an advisory decision on the adoption of the Remuneration Report of the governing bodies.DividendThe AGM resolved that a dividend on EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid. The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date 19 April 2024. The payment date proposed by the Board of Directors for this instalment is 26 April 2024.The second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid in September 2024. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 12 September 2024.The third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share shall be paid in November 2024. The third instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 30 October 2024.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the number of the members of the Board of Directors shall be set at eight. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Julian Drinkall  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Mika Ihamuotila  Sebastian Langenskiöld and Eugenie van Wiechen were re-elected as members  and Klaus Cawén was elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. Pekka Ala-Pietilä was elected as the Chair of the Board and Klaus Cawén as the Vice Chair. The term of all Board members ends at the end of the AGM 2025.Remuneration of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors remains unchanged. The monthly remunerations are EUR 12 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors  EUR 7 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  and EUR 6 000 for the members of the Board of Directors.The meeting fees of the Board of Directors are:For Board members who reside outside Finland: EUR 1 000 / Board meeting where the member was present;For members of the Board of Directors who reside in Finland: No separate fee is paid for attending Board meetingsFor the Chairs of Board of Directors’ Committees: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For Committee members who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor Committee members who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.The meeting fees of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee remain unchanged and are:For the Chair of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.Auditor and Sustainability AuditorThe AGM appointed audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as the Auditor and the Sustainability Auditor of the Company with Tiina Puukkoniemi  Authorised Public Accountant  Authorised Sustainability Auditor (ASA)  as the Auditor with principal responsibility and responsible Sustainability Auditor. The Auditor and Sustainability Auditor shall be reimbursed against invoice approved by the Company.Authorisation to repurchase Company’s own sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company’s own shares (approx. 9.8% of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments. The shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders’ equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The authorisation will be valid until 30 June 2025 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation granted by the AGM 2023.The shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company’s capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements or agreements  to be used as a part of the Company’s incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares  or cancelled.Authorisation to issue shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of new shares and the conveyance of the Company's own shares held by the Company (treasury shares) and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act may not be granted as part of the Company’s incentive programme. The Board will be entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 16 000 000 new shares (approx. 9.8% of all shares of the Company) as well as conveyance of a maximum of 21 000 000 treasury shares held by the Company in one or several instalments. The issuance of shares  the conveyance of treasury shares and the granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be done in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right (directed issue). The authorisation will be valid until 30 June 2025 and it will replace the corresponding authorisation granted by the AGM 2023.Decisions by the Board of DirectorsIn its organisation meeting held after the AGM  the Board of Directors decided to appoint from among its members the following members to its committees:Audit Committee: Rolf Grisebach (Chair)  Klaus Cawén  Mika Ihamuotila and Sebastian LangenskiöldHuman Resources Committee: Julian Drinkall (Chair)  Anna Herlin and Sebastian LangenskiöldIn addition to the Audit Committee and Human Resources Committee  the Board of Directors has  according to its Charter  an Executive Committee. The Executive Committee consists of the Chair and Vice Chair of the Board  the President and CEO and at Chair’s invitation one or several members of the Board. In 2024  the Executive Committee will comprise Pekka Ala-Pietilä (Chair)  Klaus Cawén and Rob Kolkman.Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate in twelve European countries and employ more than 5 000 professionals. In 2023  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.4bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 12.6%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Sebastian Langenskiöld', 'Eugenie van Wiechen', 'Klaus Cawén', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'potential corporate acquisitions', 'unrestricted shareholders’ equity', 'dividend record date', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'dividend payment date', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Authorised Sustainability Auditor', 'responsible Sustainability Auditor', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'shareholders’ participation', 'Committee meeting', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Financial Statements', 'advisory decision', 'governing bodies', 'three instalments', 'Pekka Ala-Pietilä', 'Julian Drinkall', 'Rolf Grisebach', 'Anna Herlin', 'Mika Ihamuotila', 'monthly remunerations', 'separate fee', 'audit firm', 'Tiina Puukkoniemi', 'principal responsibility', 'several instalments', 'capital structure', 'meeting fees', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'Committee members', 'The Auditor', 'financial year', 'shareholder register', 'Vice Chair', 'corresponding authorisation', 'new member', 'The AGM', 'Board meetings', 'Directors’ Committees', 'Remuneration Report', 'Directors’ Report', 'Board members', 'April', '40 EET', 'Decisions', 'Helsinki', 'purposes', 'opportunities', 'opportunity', 'rights', 'advance', 'President', 'CEO', 'liability', 'addition', 'adoption', 'Company', 'September', 'November', '30 October', 'Composition', 'number', 'term', 'Chairs', 'ASA', 'invoice', 'shares', 'repurchase', 'maximum', 'one', 'funds', 'distribution', 'profits', '30 June', '17', '500']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39415,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MILLICOM-INTERNATIONAL-CE-50060884/news/Millicom-International-Cellular-S-A-Convening-Notice-for-AGM-and-EGM-of-Shareholders-2024-46450677/,Millicom International Cellular S A : Convening Notice for AGM and EGM of Shareholders 2024,(marketscreener.com)   Convening Notice for Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary   General Meeting of Shareholders   MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.   Registered Address: 2  Rue du Fort Bourbon   L-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxemb…,"Convening Notice for Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. Registered Address: 2  Rue du Fort Bourbon L-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg - R.C.S. Luxembourg: B 40.630 - NOTICE The annual general meeting (""AGM"") and subsequent extraordinary general meeting (""EGM"") of the shareholders of MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. (""Millicom"" or the ""Company"") is hereby convened to be held at Hotel Le Royal  12 Bd Royal  2449 Luxembourg on Thursday  May 23  2024  at 11:00 a.m. Central European Time(""CET""). To attend the AGM and EGM or vote by proxy  please follow the instructions in section IV: ""Right to participate at the AGM and the EGM"". The AGM and EGM will consider and vote on the agenda points listed below. Please refer to section IX: ""Notes to the Agenda Points of the AGM and EGM""to find detailed information about these proposals. AGENDA AGM To elect the chair of the AGM and to empower the chair of the AGM to appoint the other members of the bureau of the meeting. [ Note ] To receive the management reports of the board of directors (the "" Board "") and the reports of the external auditor on the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023. To approve the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023. To allocate USD 7 560 803 of the results of the year ended December 31  2023 to the legal reserve and the remaining balance to the unappropriated net profits to be carried forward. [ Note ] To discharge all the Directors of Millicom for the performance of their mandates during the year ended December 31  2023. [ Note ] To set the number of Directors at 9. [Note] 1To re-elect María Teresa Arnal as a Director for a term ending at the annual general meeting to be held in 2025 (the "" 2025 AGM ""). [Note] To re-elect Bruce Churchill as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To re-elect Tomas Eliasson as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To re-elect Mauricio Ramos as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To re-elect Thomas Reynaud as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To re-elect Blanca Treviño de Vega as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To re-elect Aude Durand as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To elect Maxime Lombardini as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To elect Justine Dimovic as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To elect Mauricio Ramos as Chair of the Board for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To approve the Directors' remuneration for the period from the AGM to the 2025 AGM. [Note] To elect KPMG Audit SARL and KPMG LLP (collectively  "" KPMG "") as the external auditor for a term ending on the date of the 2025 AGM and to approve the external auditor remuneration to be paid against an approved account. [Note] To approve an instruction to the Nomination Committee. [Note] To approve the Share Repurchase Plan. [ Note ] To vote on the 2023 Remuneration Report. [ Note] To approve the Senior Management Remuneration Policy. [Note] To approve the share-based incentive plans for Millicom employees. [ Note] EGM To elect the chair of the EGM and to empower the chair of the EGM to appoint the other members of the bureau of the meeting. [Note] To remove the casting vote of the Chair of the Board in the event of a tie provided by article 444-4 (2) of the 1915 Law and add a sentence to paragraph 7 of article 8 of Millicom's articles of association expressly stating that the Chair of the Board does not have a casting vote in the event of a tie. [ Note ] To adopt inclusive language and change the definition from ""Chairman"" to ""Chair"" of the Board  and to amend article 7  8  9 and 21 of Millicom's articles of association accordingly  and further amend article 19 second sentence of Millicom's articles of association to refer to the ""chair of the annual general meeting"". [Note] To fully restate the Company's articles of association to incorporate the amendments to the Company's articles of association approved in the foregoing resolutions. [ Note ] 2III. KEY DATES May 2  2024 Deadline to propose additional items to the agenda May 6 - May 9  2024 Conversion stoppage May 9  2024 Voting Record Date and deadline to submit the Notification Form for attendance in person May 17  2024 Deadline to submit proxies May 23  2024 AGM and EGM IV. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AT THE AGM AND THE EGM The following persons who comply with the procedure below  and hold shares or Swedish Depository Receipts (""SDRs"") on May 9  2024  at 24.00 CET (the ""Voting Record Date"") are eligible to participate/vote at the AGM and EGM1: Holders of Millicom shares traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the US ("" Nasdaq US "") under the ticker symbol TIGO ("" Millicom Shareholders "") that are registered with Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions  Inc. ("" Broadridge "")  including those held by Cede & Co ("" DTCC "")  and Holders of SDRs traded on Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker symbol TIGO SDB ("" Millicom SDR Holders "") that are registered with Euroclear Sweden AB ("" Euroclear Sweden ""). Since the Record Date is a public holiday in Sweden  holders of SDRs must make certain that they are registered in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on May 8  2024  at 23.59 CET. Conversion stoppage. Conversions from SDRs into shares  and vice versa  will not be permitted from and including May 6  2024  up to and including May 9  2024. Millicom SDR Holders and Millicom Shareholders who seek to convert their SDRs to shares  or vice versa (which can be done in accordance with the procedures set out on Millicom's website at Millicom-SDR-conversion-process)  should take into consideration the dates and times noted above. Instructions for participating and voting by Millicom Shareholders are shown below. Instructions for participation and voting by Millicom SDR Holders are shown on the following page. 1. Millicom Shareholders (US) Millicom Shareholders eligible to participate and vote Participation and voting at the AGM and the EGM is reserved to Millicom Shareholders duly registered with Broadridge and/or held by DTCC  on the Voting Record Date (as defined above) at 24.00 CET and who comply with these procedures. 1 However  notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein  the Bureau of the AGM/EGM shall have the discretionary power to exceptionally accept the voting of a shareholder or SDR holder at the AGM/EGM  even if the relevant proxy or notification form have a formal deficiency or was received after the deadlines contained herein. 3Beneficial owners. Beneficial owners of shares that are registered in the name of a nominee or broker (including nominees or brokers that hold shares through DTCC) have the right to instruct their nominee or broker on how to vote with a voter instruction form (""VIF"")  or as may otherwise be established by the nominee or broker. Beneficial owners who wish to attend the AGM and the EGM or vote directly must request the nominee or broker  that appears as the registered shareholder on the Voting Record Date  to issue a legal proxy which allows the beneficial owner to vote his or her shares directly. Beneficial owners who do not vote via their brokers/nominees or do not have a legal proxy are not eligible to vote. Ways to participate and deadline By proxy: registered shareholders may submit the power of attorney form ("" Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form "") containing their voting instructions  such that it is received no later than on May 17  2024. In person: the registered shareholder may submit the notification of attendance form to attend the AGM and/or the EGM in person (the "" Millicom Shareholder Notification Form "")  such that it is received no later than on the Voting Record Date (May 9) . Channels to submit the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form 4Online : The Company has sent by post the invitation letter and the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form needed to vote at the AGM and EGM. The Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form includes a control number . Votes can be cast online using the control number at https://east.proxyvote.com/pv/webIf you consider that you are eligible to vote but you have not received the control number by post and you would like to submit your vote online  please contact Millicom at information@millicom.com By post : The Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form can be submitted by post. The original completed  dated and signed Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form or Millicom Shareholder Notification Form should be mailed to the address provided in the form. Millicom Shareholders that choose to send the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form or the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form by post should also send a scanned copy to information@millicom.com By e-mail (only for the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form): Download the Millicom ShareholderNotification Form from the Millicom Website: https://www.millicom.com/our- company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ . Complete  date and sign the form using an electronic signature  and send the signed form to information@millicom.com Millicom Shareholder Proxy Forms  Millicom Shareholder Notification Form and all supporting documents can be downloaded from Millicom's website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ Evidence of authority (for Millicom Shareholder Notification Forms only) If a shareholder is a legal entity  the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form must be signed by a duly authorized person and sufficient evidence of the signatory's legal power of representation must be provided. Any physical attendee at the AGM and EGM will need to bring original identification documentation (e.g.  passport). 2. Millicom SDR Holders (Sweden) Millicom SDR Holders eligible to participate and vote Participation and voting at the AGM and/or the EGM is reserved to Millicom SDR Holders duly registered with Euroclear Sweden as of the Voting Record Date (as defined above) at 24.00 CET and who comply with these procedures. Since the Record Date is a public holiday in Sweden  holders of SDRs must make certain that they are registered in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on May 8  2024  at 23.59 CET. Re-registration. In order to exercise their rights at the AGM and/or EGM  Millicom SDR Holders whose SDRs are registered in the name of a broker or nominee must temporarily re-register the SDRs in their own name in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden. Millicom SDR Holders wishing to re-register must inform their broker/nominee well in advance of the Voting Record Date so that they appear on the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden at 24.00 CET on the Voting Record Date. 5Note that the re-registration process can take 10 business days or more  and Millicom SDR Holders who have not re-registered will not be eligible to participate and vote at the AGM / EGM. As such  we strongly recommend commencing the re-registrationprocess as soon as possible. Ways to participate and deadline By proxy: registered Millicom SDR Holders may submit the power of attorney form ("" Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form "") containing their voting instructions  such that it is received no later than on May 17  2024 . In person: the registered Millicom SDR Holder may submit the SDR Holder notification of attendance form to attend the AGM and the EGM in person (the "" Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form "")  such that it is received no later than on the Voting Record Date (May 9  2024) Channels to submit the Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form 1. Online: The Company has sent by post the invitation letter to vote at the AGM and EGM. The invitation letter includes a pin code. Votes can be cast using the pin code online at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. Alternatively  Millicom SDR Holders with a Swedish BankID (available for Swedish individuals only) can vote online at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxyusing the BankID (instead of the pin- code). If you are a Millicom SDR Holder eligible to vote at the AGM/EGM but have not received the invitation letter  and you would like to submit your vote online  please contact Euroclear Sweden at: millicom@euroclear.comor by phone: +468-401-43-11 between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. CET. By post : The Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form can be submitted by post. The original completed  dated and signed forms shall be mailed to the address provided in the form.Millicom SDR Holders that choose to send the SDR Holder Proxy Form or Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form by post should also send a scanned copy to: millicom@euroclear.com By e-mail (only for the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form): Download the Millicom SDR HolderNotification Form from the Millicom Website: https://www.millicom.com/our- company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ . Complete  date and sign the form using an electronic signature  and email the signed form to millicom@euroclear.com Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Forms  Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form and all supporting documents can be downloaded from Millicom's website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ Evidence of authority (for Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form only) If the Millicom SDR Holder is a legal entity  the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form must be signed by a duly authorized person and legally sufficient evidence of the signatory's power of representation 6must be provided. The attendee will also need to bring an original identification document (such as a passport). SHARE CAPITAL  QUORUM  AND MAJORITY As of April 16  2024  Millicom had 172 096 305 outstanding shares  each with nominal value of USD 1.50  and each share is entitled to one vote. As of April 16  2024  Millicom held 766 703 shares in treasury. The number of shares held in treasury by Millicom will be updated on the Voting Record Date to calculate the voting results. Voting rights attached to shares held in treasury are suspended by law. There is no quorum of presence requirement for the AGM. The AGM agenda items are adopted by a simple majority of the shares present or represented (excluding abstentions). The EGM will validly deliberate on the resolutions on its agenda only if at least 50% of the issued share capital is present or represented (the ""Quorum"") at the first meeting and will validly be adopted only if approved by at least 2/3rds of the votes cast at the EGM. If the Quorum is not reached at the first meeting  the Board of Directors may convene a second extraordinary general meeting with an identical agenda as for the EGM  at which no quorum will be required  and at which the resolutions will validly be adopted if approved by at least 2/3rds of the votes cast at the second EGM. VI. RIGHT TO PROPOSE NEW ITEMS TO THE AGENDA One or several shareholders representing  individually or collectively  at least 5% of the share capital of Millicom reserve the right to add additional items to the agenda of the AGM and/or EGM. These rights shall be exercised in writing and submitted to Millicom by mail at Millicom's Registered Address  attention: Company Secretary  and by e-mail to information@millicom.com  such that they are received no later than May 2  2024  and the revised agenda will be published by Millicom  no later than May 8  2024. Shareholder(s) requesting to add an item to the agenda must provide: a reason or motivation for such petition  a draft of the resolution to be presented at the AGM or EGM  and a postal and e-mail address to which the acknowledgment of receipt of their request may be sent by Millicom. Such acknowledgment will be sent within forty-eight (48) hours of receipt of the request. VII. ABILITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AHEAD OF THE AGM AND THE EGM Shareholders have the right to ask questions about items on the agenda of the AGM and the EGM ahead of the meeting. The Company will on a reasonable-efforts basis provide responses to the questions on the Company's website. Questions must be received by the Company by May 17  2024. Questions must be sent by e-mail to: information@millicom.comand include the shareholder's full name and address and proof of ownership of Millicom shares on the Voting Record Date. 7VIII. SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION The following documents and information related to the AGM and EGM are available to shareholders at the Registered Address of Millicom and on Millicom's website www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/: this Convening Notice;the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form - Nasdaq US;the Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form - Nasdaq Stockholm;Form and the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form - Nasdaq Stockholm; the draft resolutions of the AGM;Millicom's annual accounts and consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023  together with the management report(s) of the Board and the report(s) of the external auditor on the annual accounts and consolidated accounts;U.S. General Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. holders of Millicom shares and SDRs;the Nomination Committee's motivated statement explaining its proposals regarding the Board and information on the proposed Directors;the 2023 Remuneration Report;the draft resolutions of the EGM; andthe draft restated articles of association of the Company. Shareholders may also receive a copy of the above-mentioned documents by sending a request by mail to the Millicom Registered Address  attention: Company Secretary  or by e-mail to information@millicom.com. IX. NOTES TO THE AGENDA POINTS OF THE AGM AND THE EGM AGM - item 1: CHAIR OF THE MEETING Millicom's Nomination Committee proposes Mr. Alexander Koch  attorney at law (Avocat à la Cour/Rechtsanwalt)  with professional address in Luxembourg  to preside over the AGM. In the event of Mr. Alexander Koch's absence  the Chair of the Board - or in the absence of the Chair of the Board  any member of the Board present at the AGM - shall be empowered to appoint from amongst the persons present at the AGM the individual that will preside over the AGM. The chair of the AGM shall be empowered to appoint  from among the persons present or virtually present at the meeting the other members of the bureau of the meeting (i.e.  the Secretary and the Scrutineer). AGM - item 4: RESULTS ALLOCATION 8On a parent-company basis  Millicom generated a profit of USD 344 874 950 for the fiscal year ended December 31  2023 (the ""2023 Results""). In compliance with 1915 Law  the Board proposes (i) to allocate USD 7 560 803 of the 2023 Results to the legal reserve to reach 10% of the share capital (i.e.  therefore  the total legal reserve amounts to USD 25 814 446)  and (ii) the remaining USD 337 314 147 to unappropriated net profits to be carried forward. AGM - item 5: DISCHARGE OF DIRECTORS FOR THEIR PERFORMANCE To discharge of all the current and former Directors of Millicom who served at any point in time during the financial year ended December 31  2023  for the performance of their mandates. AGM - items 6-16: ELECTION OF THE DIRECTORS The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of nine (9) directors. The Nomination Committee proposes that María Teresa Arnal  Bruce Churchill  Aude Durand  Tomas Eliasson  Mauricio Ramos  Thomas Reynaud and Blanca Treviño de Vega be re-elected as Directors of Millicom for the term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM. The Nomination Committee proposes that Maxime Lombardini and Justine Dimovic be elected as new Directors of Millicom for the term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM. Pernille Erenbjerg and Michael Golan have decided not to seek re-election as Directors of Millicom. The Nomination Committee  supported by the Board  proposes that Mauricio Ramos be elected as Chair of the Board for a term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM. The Nomination Committee's motivated statement regarding the Board's composition is available on Millicom's website. AGM - item 17: DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION POLICY AND FEES Directors' Remuneration Policy In proposing remuneration for the Directors  the Nomination Committee considers many factors  including the size and complexity of the business  the number of board and committee meetings  the amount of responsibility related to each role  regulatory requirements  as well as market practice. The Nomination Committee may also appoint an external compensation consultant to provide advice and benchmarking. The Chair of the Board of Millicom does not participate in discussions or decision-making regarding Director remuneration. Remuneration to Directors comprises cash-based and share-based components  weighted toward shares to align with the compensation philosophy and guidelines of the Company set out in item 22. Directors appointed to Board Committees receive cash-based compensation for each appointment. Share-based compensation is in the form of fully paid-up shares of Millicom common stock. There are no retention  vesting or other holding conditions attached to the shares. Such shares are provided from the Company's treasury shares or alternatively issued within Millicom's authorized share capital exclusively in 9",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.04,0.43,0.53,True,English,"['Millicom International Cellular S A', 'Convening Notice', 'AGM', 'EGM', 'Shareholders', 'Blanca Treviño de Vega', 'MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.', 'Rue du Fort Bourbon', 'María Teresa Arnal', 'Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions', 'R.C.S. Luxembourg', 'Senior Management Remuneration Policy', 'subsequent extraordinary general meeting', 'Central European Time', 'unappropriated net profits', 'Share Repurchase Plan', 'share-based incentive plans', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'Hotel Le Royal', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting Record Date', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'KPMG Audit SARL', 'external auditor remuneration', '2023 Remuneration Report', 'annual accounts', '12 Bd Royal', 'management reports', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Millicom employees', 'Grand Duchy', 'section IV', 'section IX', 'detailed information', 'other members', 'consolidated accounts', 'legal reserve', 'remaining balance', 'Bruce Churchill', 'Tomas Eliasson', 'Mauricio Ramos', 'Thomas Reynaud', 'Aude Durand', 'Maxime Lombardini', 'Justine Dimovic', ""Directors' remuneration"", 'KPMG LLP', 'Nomination Committee', 'casting vote', 'inclusive language', 'foregoing resolutions', 'KEY DATES', 'additional items', 'Conversion stoppage', 'Notification Form', 'ticker symbol', 'Nasdaq US', '11:00 a', 'agenda points', 'Millicom shares', 'Convening Notice', 'second sentence', 'TIGO SDB', 'Millicom Shareholders', 'EGM IV', 'AGENDA AGM', 'The AGM', '2449 Luxembourg', '2025 AGM', 'Address', 'Company', 'Thursday', 'May', 'CET', 'proxy', 'instructions', 'Notes', 'proposals', 'chair', 'bureau', 'board', 'year', 'results', 'performance', 'mandates', 'number', 'term', 'period', 'event', 'tie', 'article', '1915 Law', 'paragraph', 'association', 'definition', 'amendments', 'Deadline', 'attendance', 'person', 'proxies', 'RIGHT', 'procedure', 'SDRs', 'Cede', 'DTCC']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39416,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MILLICOM-INTERNATIONAL-CE-50060884/news/Millicom-International-Cellular-S-A-L-1249-Luxembourg-Grand-Duchy-of-Luxembourg-Form-6-K-46455496/,Millicom International Cellular S A : L-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   calculated based on Black-Scholes valuation of the stock price at fair market value of the grant.    2. Restricted Stock Units - .    3. Performance Shares with ESG metric - .    Stock Appreciation Rights will vest in number…,"UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington  D.C. 20549FORM 6-KREPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUERPURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 OF THESECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934For the month of April  2024.Commission File Number: 001-38763MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)2  Rue du Fort Bourbon L-1249 LuxembourgGrand Duchy of Luxembourg(Address of principal executive office)Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F:Form 20-F ☒ Form 40-F ☐MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.INDEX TO FURNISHED MATERIALItem______1. Press release dated April 17  2024.2. Press release dated April 17  2024.Item 1Convening Notice for Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting of ShareholdersMILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.Registered Address :2  Rue du Fort BourbonL-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg- R.C.S. Luxembourg: B 40.630 -I. NOTICEThe annual general meeting (""AGM"") and subsequent extraordinary general meeting (""EGM"") of the shareholders of MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. (""Millicom"" or the ""Company"") is hereby convened to be held at Hotel Le Royal  12 Bd Royal  2449 Luxembourg on Thursday  May 23  2024  at 11:00 a.m. Central European Time (""CET"").To attend the AGM and EGM or vote by proxy  please follow the instructions in section IV: ""Right to participate at the AGM and the EGM "".The AGM and EGM will consider and vote on the agenda points listed below. Please refer to section IX: ""Notes to the Agenda Points of the AGM and EGM "" to find detailed information about these proposals.II. AGENDAAGM1. To elect the chair of the AGM and to empower the chair of the AGM to appoint the other members of the bureau of the meeting. [ Note ]2. To receive the management reports of the board of directors (the ""Board"") and the reports of the external auditor on the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023.3. To approve the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023.4. To allocate USD 7 560 803 of the results of the year ended December 31  2023 to the legal reserve and the remaining balance to the unappropriated net profits to be carried forward. [ Note ]5. To discharge all the Directors of Millicom for the performance of their mandates during the year ended December 31  2023.[ Note ]6. To set the number of Directors at 9. [ Note ]17. To re-elect María Teresa Arnal as a Director for a term ending at the annual general meeting to be held in 2025 (the ""2025 AGM""). [ Note ]8. To re-elect Bruce Churchill as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [ Note ]9. To re-elect Tomas Eliasson as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [ Note ]10. To re-elect Mauricio Ramos as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [ Note ]11. To re-elect Thomas Reynaud as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [ Note ]12. To re-elect Blanca Treviño de Vega as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [ Note ]13. To re-elect Aude Durand as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [ Note ]14. To elect Maxime Lombardini as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [ Note ]15. To elect Justine Dimovic as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [ Note ]16. To elect Mauricio Ramos as Chair of the Board for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [ Note ]17. To approve the Directors' remuneration for the period from the AGM to the 2025 AGM. [ Note ]18. To elect KPMG Audit SARL and KPMG LLP (collectively  ""KPMG"") as the external auditor for a term ending on the date of the 2025 AGM and to approve the external auditor remuneration to be paid against an approved account. [ Note ]19. To approve an instruction to the Nomination Committee. [ Note ]20. To approve the Share Repurchase Plan. [ Note ]21. To vote on the 2023 Remuneration Report. [ Note ]22. To approve the Senior Management Remuneration Policy. [ Note ]23. To approve the share-based incentive plans for Millicom employees. [ Note ]EGM1. To elect the chair of the EGM and to empower the chair of the EGM to appoint the other members of the bureau of the meeting. [ Note ]2. To remove the casting vote of the Chair of the Board in the event of a tie provided by article 444-4 (2) of the 1915 Law and add a sentence to paragraph 7 of article 8 of Millicom's articles of association expressly stating that the Chair of the Board does not have a casting vote in the event of a tie. [ Note ]3. To adopt inclusive language and change the definition from ""Chairman"" to ""Chair"" of the Board  and to amend article 7  8  9 and 21 of Millicom's articles of association accordingly  and further amend article 19 second sentence of Millicom's articles of association to refer to the ""chair of the annual general meeting"". [ Note ]4. To fully restate the Company's articles of association to incorporate the amendments to the Company's articles of association approved in the foregoing resolutions. [ Note ]2III. KEY DATESMay 2  2024 Deadline to propose additional items to the agenda May 6 - May 9  2024 Conversion stoppage May 9  2024 Voting Record Date and deadline to submit the Notification Form for attendance in person May 17  2024 Deadline to submit proxies May 23  2024 AGM and EGMIV. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AT THE AGM AND THE EGMThe following persons who comply with the procedure below  and hold shares or Swedish Depository Receipts (""SDRs"") on May 9  2024  at 24.00 CET (the ""Voting Record Date"") are eligible to participate/vote at the AGM and EGM1:(1) Holders of Millicom shares traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the US (""Nasdaq US"") under the ticker symbol TIGO (""Millicom Shareholders"") that are registered with Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions  Inc. (""Broadridge"")  including those held by Cede & Co (""DTCC"")  and(2) Holders of SDRs traded on Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker symbol TIGO SDB (""Millicom SDR Holders"") that are registered with Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear Sweden""). Since the Record Date is a public holiday in Sweden  holders of SDRs must make certain that they are registered in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on May 8  2024  at 23.59 CET.Conversion stoppage. Conversions from SDRs into shares  and vice versa  will not be permitted from and including May 6  2024  up to and including May 9  2024. Millicom SDR Holders and Millicom Shareholders who seek to convert their SDRs to shares  or vice versa (which can be done in accordance with the procedures set out on Millicom's website at Millicom-SDR-conversion-process )  should take into consideration the dates and times noted above.Instructions for participating and voting by Millicom Shareholders are shown below. Instructions for participation and voting by Millicom SDR Holders are shown on the following page.1. Millicom Shareholders (US)Millicom Shareholders eligible to participate and vote Participation and voting at the AGM and the EGM is reserved to Millicom Shareholders duly registered with Broadridge and/or held by DTCC  on the Voting Record Date (as defined above) at 24.00 CET and who comply with these procedures.1 However  notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein  the Bureau of the AGM/EGM shall have the discretionary power to exceptionally accept the voting of a shareholder or SDR holder at the AGM/EGM  even if the relevant proxy or notification form have a formal deficiency or was received after the deadlines contained herein.3Beneficial owners. Beneficial owners of shares that are registered in the name of a nominee or broker (including nominees or brokers that hold shares through DTCC) have the right to instruct their nominee or broker on how to vote with a voter instruction form (""VIF"")  or as may otherwise be established by the nominee or broker. Beneficial owners who wish to attend the AGM and the EGM or vote directly must request the nominee or broker  that appears as the registered shareholder on the Voting Record Date  to issue a legal proxy which allows the beneficial owner to vote his or her shares directly. Beneficial owners who do not vote via their brokers/nominees or do not have a legal proxy are not eligible to vote. Ways to participate and deadline 1. By proxy: registered shareholders may submit the power of attorney form (""Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form"") containing their voting instructions  such that it is received no later than on May 17  2024. 2. In person: the registered shareholder may submit the notification of attendance form to attend the AGM and/or the EGM in person (the ""Millicom Shareholder Notification Form"")  such that it is received no later than on the Voting Record Date (May 9) .4Channels to submit the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form1. Online: The Company has sent by post the invitation letter and the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form needed to vote at the AGM and EGM. The Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form includes a control number . Votes can be cast online using the control number at https://east.proxyvote.com/pv/web If you consider that you are eligible to vote but you have not received the control number by post and you would like to submit your vote online  please contact Millicom at information@millicom.com 2. By post: The Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form can be submitted by post. The original completed  dated and signed Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form or Millicom Shareholder Notification Form should be mailed to the address provided in the form. Millicom Shareholders that choose to send the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form or the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form by post should also send a scanned copy to information@millicom.com 3. By e-mail (only for the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form): Download the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form from the Millicom Website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ . Complete  date and sign the form using an electronic signature  and send the signed form to information@millicom.com Millicom Shareholder Proxy Forms  Millicom Shareholder Notification Form and all supporting documents can be downloaded from Millicom's website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ Evidence of authority (for Millicom Shareholder Notification Forms only) If a shareholder is a legal entity  the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form must be signed by a duly authorized person and sufficient evidence of the signatory's legal power of representation must be provided. Any physical attendee at the AGM and EGM will need to bring original identification documentation (e.g.  passport).2. Millicom SDR Holders (Sweden)Millicom SDR Holders eligible to participate and vote Participation and voting at the AGM and/or the EGM is reserved to Millicom SDR Holders duly registered with Euroclear Sweden as of the Voting Record Date (as defined above) at 24.00 CET and who comply with these procedures. Since the Record Date is a public holiday in Sweden  holders of SDRs must make certain that they are registered in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on May 8  2024  at 23.59 CET. Re-registration. In order to exercise their rights at the AGM and/or EGM  Millicom SDR Holders whose SDRs are registered in the name of a broker or nominee must temporarily re-register the SDRs in their own name in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden. Millicom SDR Holders wishing to re-register must inform their broker/nominee well in advance of the Voting Record Date so that they appear on the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden at 24.00 CET on the Voting Record Date.5Note that the re-registration process can take 10 business days or more  and Millicom SDR Holders who have not re-registered will not be eligible to participate and vote at the AGM / EGM. As such  we strongly recommend commencing the re-registration process as soon as possible . Ways to participate and deadline 1. By proxy: registered Millicom SDR Holders may submit the power of attorney form (""Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form"") containing their voting instructions  such that it is received no later than on May 17  2024. 2. In person: the registered Millicom SDR Holder may submit the SDR Holder notification of attendance form to attend the AGM and the EGM in person (the ""Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form"")  such that it is received no later than on the Voting Record Date (May 9  2024) Channels to submit the Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form 1. Online: The Company has sent by post the invitation letter to vote at the AGM and EGM. The invitation letter includes a pin code . Votes can be cast using the pin code online at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Alternatively  Millicom SDR Holders with a Swedish BankID (available for Swedish individuals only) can vote online at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy using the BankID (instead of the pin-code). If you are a Millicom SDR Holder eligible to vote at the AGM/EGM but have not received the invitation letter  and you would like to submit your vote online  please contact Euroclear Sweden at: millicom@euroclear.com or by phone: +468-401-43-11 between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. CET. 2. By post: The Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form can be submitted by post. The original completed  dated and signed forms shall be mailed to the address provided in the form. Millicom SDR Holders that choose to send the SDR Holder Proxy Form or Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form by post should also send a scanned copy to: millicom@euroclear.com 3. By e-mail (only for the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form): Download the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form from the Millicom Website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ . Complete  date and sign the form using an electronic signature  and email the signed form to millicom@euroclear.com Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Forms  Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form and all supporting documents can be downloaded from Millicom's website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ Evidence of authority (for Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form only) If the Millicom SDR Holder is a legal entity  the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form must be signed by a duly authorized person and legally sufficient evidence of the signatory's power of representation must be provided. The attendee will also need to bring an original identification document (such as a passport).6V. SHARE CAPITAL  QUORUM  AND MAJORITYAs of April 16  2024  Millicom had 172 096 305 outstanding shares  each with nominal value of USD 1.50  and each share is entitled to one vote. As of April 16  2024  Millicom held 766 703 shares in treasury. The number of shares held in treasury by Millicom will be updated on the Voting Record Date to calculate the voting results. Voting rights attached to shares held in treasury are suspended by law.There is no quorum of presence requirement for the AGM. The AGM agenda items are adopted by a simple majority of the shares present or represented (excluding abstentions).The EGM will validly deliberate on the resolutions on its agenda only if at least 50% of the issued share capital is present or represented (the ""Quorum"") at the first meeting and will validly be adopted only if approved by at least 2/3rds of the votes cast at the EGM. If the Quorum is not reached at the first meeting  the Board of Directors may convene a second extraordinary general meeting with an identical agenda as for the EGM  at which no quorum will be required  and at which the resolutions will validly be adopted if approved by at least 2/3rds of the votes cast at the second EGM.VI. RIGHT TO PROPOSE NEW ITEMS TO THE AGENDAOne or several shareholders representing  individually or collectively  at least 5% of the share capital of Millicom reserve the right to add additional items to the agenda of the AGM and/or EGM.These rights shall be exercised in writing and submitted to Millicom by mail at Millicom's Registered Address  attention: Company Secretary  and by e-mail to information@millicom.com   such that they are received no later than May 2  2024  and the revised agenda will be published by Millicom  no later than May 8  2024. Shareholder(s) requesting to add an item to the agenda must provide:(i) a reason or motivation for such petition (ii) a draft of the resolution to be presented at the AGM or EGM  and(iii) a postal and e-mail address to which the acknowledgment of receipt of their request may be sent by Millicom. Such acknowledgment will be sent within forty-eight (48) hours of receipt of the request.VII. ABILITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AHEAD OF THE AGM AND THE EGMShareholders have the right to ask questions about items on the agenda of the AGM and the EGM ahead of the meeting. The Company will on a reasonable-efforts basis provide responses to the questions on the Company's website. Questions must be received by the Company by May 17  2024. Questions must be sent by e-mail to: information@millicom.com and include the shareholder's full name and address and proof of ownership of Millicom shares on the Voting Record Date.7VIII. SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATIONThe following documents and information related to the AGM and EGM are available to shareholders at the Registered Address of Millicom and on Millicom's website www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ :- this Convening Notice;- the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form - Nasdaq US;- the Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form - Nasdaq Stockholm;- the draft resolutions of the AGM;- Millicom's annual accounts and consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023  together with the management report(s) of the Board and the report(s) of the external auditor on the annual accounts and consolidated accounts;- U.S. General Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. holders of Millicom shares and SDRs;- the Nomination Committee's motivated statement explaining its proposals regarding the Board and information on the proposed Directors;- the 2023 Remuneration Report;- the draft resolutions of the EGM; and- the draft restated articles of association of the Company.Shareholders may also receive a copy of the above-mentioned documents by sending a request by mail to the Millicom Registered Address  attention: Company Secretary  or by e-mail to information@millicom.com.IX. NOTES TO THE AGENDA POINTS OF THE AGM AND THE EGMAGM - item 1: CHAIR OF THE MEETINGMillicom's Nomination Committee proposes Mr. Alexander Koch  attorney at law (Avocat à la Cour/Rechtsanwalt)  with professional address in Luxembourg  to preside over the AGM.In the event of Mr. Alexander Koch's absence  the Chair of the Board - or in the absence of the Chair of the Board  any member of the Board present at the AGM - shall be empowered to appoint from amongst the persons present at the AGM the individual that will preside over the AGM.The chair of the AGM shall be empowered to appoint  from among the persons present or virtually present at the meeting the other members of the bureau of the meeting (i.e.  the Secretary and the Scrutineer).8AGM - item 4: RESULTS ALLOCATIONOn a parent-company basis  Millicom generated a profit of USD 344 874 950 for the fiscal year ended December 31  2023 (the ""2023 Results""). In compliance with 1915 Law  the Board proposes (i) to allocate USD 7 560 803 of the 2023 Results to the legal reserve to reach 10% of the share capital (i.e.  therefore  the total legal reserve amounts to USD 25 814 446)  and (ii) the remaining USD 337 314 147 to unappropriated net profits to be carried forward.AGM - item 5: DISCHARGE OF DIRECTORS FOR THEIR PERFORMANCETo discharge of all the current and former Directors of Millicom who served at any point in time during the financial year ended December 31  2023  for the performance of their mandates.AGM - items 6-16: ELECTION OF THE DIRECTORSThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of nine (9) directors.The Nomination Committee proposes that María Teresa Arnal  Bruce Churchill  Aude Durand  Tomas Eliasson  Mauricio Ramos  Thomas Reynaud and Blanca Treviño de Vega be re-elected as Directors of Millicom for the term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM.The Nomination Committee proposes that Maxime Lombardini and Justine Dimovic be elected as new Directors of Millicom for the term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM.Pernille Erenbjerg and Michael Golan have decided not to seek re-election as Directors of Millicom.The Nomination Committee  supported by the Board  proposes that Mauricio Ramos be elected as Chair of the Board for a term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM.The Nomination Committee's motivated statement regarding the Board's composition is available on Millicom's website.AGM - item 17: DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION POLICY AND FEESDirectors' Remuneration PolicyIn proposing remuneration for the Directors  the Nomination Committee considers many factors  including the size and complexity of the business  the number of board and committee meetings  the amount of responsibility related to each role  regulatory requirements  as well as market practice. The Nomination Committee may also appoint an external compensation consultant to provide advice and benchmarking. The Chair of the Board of Millicom does not participate in discussions or decision-making regarding Director remuneration.Remuneration to Directors comprises cash-based and share-based components  weighted toward shares to align with the compensation philosophy and guidelines of the Company set out in item 22. Directors appointed to Board Committees receive cash-based compensation for each appointment.Share-based compensation is in the form of fully paid-up shares of Millicom common stock. There are no retention  vesting or other holding conditions attached to the shares. Such shares are provided from the Company's treasury shares or alternatively issued within Millicom's authorized share capital exclusively in9exchange for allocation from the premium reserve (i.e.  for nil consideration from the relevant Directors). Share-based compensation is calculated by dividing the approved remuneration by the average Millicom closing share price on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the US for the three-month period ending on April 30  2024  provided that shares shall not be issued below par value.Notwithstanding the above  for any period where a Director is also an employee of Millicom  no remuneration is paid to that Director beyond any compensation received as an employee of Millicom.Directors' RemunerationThe Nomination Committee proposes the compensation for the period from the date of the AGM to the date of the 2025 AGM  as follows:Cash 2024/2025 (USD) Shares 2024/2025 (USD) Chair of the Board (1)* 105 000 210 000 Board members (8)* 55 000 105 000 Audit and Compliance Committee chair (1)* 45 000 - Audit and Compliance Committee members (3)* 22 500 - Compensation and Talent Committee chair (1)* 25 000 - Compensation and Talent Committee members (2)* 12 500 - Total 707 500 1 050 000* Not payable while the Chair or a Board member receives compensation as an employee of Millicom. Final number of committee members to be set by the Board and subject to modification.AGM - item 18: ELECTION OF THE AUDITOR AND FEESThe Nomination Committee  in accordance with the recommendation of Millicom's Audit and Compliance Committee  proposes that KPMG be elected as external auditor for a term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM.The proposal from the Nomination Committee  and recommendation from the Audit and Compliance Committee  is based on a tender and evaluation of external audit firms conducted in Q1 2024  taking into consideration independence requirements and fees  among other factors.The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's remuneration be paid against an approved account.AGM - item 19: INSTRUCTION TO THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe Nomination Committee proposes that the following Instruction to the Nomination Committee shall apply until new instructions have been adopted. In the event any applicable law or stock market regulation requires a change to this procedure  the Nomination Committee shall take any steps necessary or proper to ensure compliance with such rules.10The work of preparing the following agenda items for the annual general meeting shall be performed by a Nomination Committee:(i) To propose the chair of the annual general meeting;(ii) To set the number of Directors of the Board;(iii) To propose candidates to be elected or re-elected as Directors and the term of their appointment;(iv) To propose the remuneration of the Directors;(v) To propose the election or re-election of the external auditor and its remuneration; and(vi) To propose a new / amended instruction to the Nomination Committee  if deemed appropriate.The Nomination Committee shall be formed in consultation with the largest shareholders as of the last business day of June 2024. The Nomination Committee shall consist of four members (except that the Nomination Committee may consist of less than four members to the extent that the ten largest shareholders have been given the opportunity to appoint a member and more than six of those largest shareholders have declined) and comprise: (i) the Chair of the Board (Executive Chair  if so appointed)  and (ii) three members appointed by shareholders  each appointed by one of the 10 largest shareholders which has chosen to appoint a member  starting with the largest shareholder and then in descending order until all three members (or less  if applicable) have been nominated.The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are to be independent of the Company and its executive management. At least one member of the Nomination Committee must be independent of the Company's largest shareholder in terms of votes or any group of shareholders who act in concert in governance of the Company. The Chair of the Board shall act as the Nomination Committee's convener  and the members of the Nomination Committee will appoint the Nomination Committee's chair at their first meeting  provided that the Chair of the Board may not serve as the chair of the Nomination Committee. Before the assignment is accepted  a proposed member of the Nomination Committee shall carefully consider any conflict of interest or other circumstances that makes membership of the Nomination Committee inappropriate. The Chief Executive Officer or other members of the executive management may be invited by the chair of the Nomination Committee to participate in meetings of the Nomination Committee as considered appropriate.The Nomination Committee is appointed for a term of office commencing at the time of its formation  which must be no later than six months before the annual general meeting and ending when a new Nomination Committee is formed. If a member resigns during the Nomination Committee's term of office  and provided that the Nomination Committee finds this prudent  the shareholder that appointed the resigning member may be asked to appoint a new member  provided that the shareholder is still one of the 10 largest shareholders of Millicom. If that shareholder declines to appoint a new member  the Nomination Committee may choose to ask the next largest qualified shareholder to appoint a Nomination Committee member and so on.In the event of changes to the ownership structure of the Company  whereby a shareholder that has appointed a member to the Nomination Committee significantly reduces its shareholding  such member shall immediately resign from the Nomination Committee  unless the other members unanimously decide that such person shall remain until the end of their term. In addition  the Nomination Committee may decide to change its composition and invite the new larger shareholder(s) to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee. In its decision  the Nomination Committee shall inter alia take into account the status of its work 11the time remaining to the annual general meeting and the nature of the change in ownership. If more than three months remain until the annual general meeting  however  a shareholder that has become amongst the three largest shareholders shall always  at its request  have the right to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee shall have the right to receive  upon request  personnel resources  such as secretarial services from Millicom  and to charge Millicom with costs for recruitment consultants and related travel if deemed strictly necessary to discharge its duties.AGM - item 20: SHARE REPURCHASE PLANThe Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve a new Share Repurchase Plan on the following terms:1. To authorize the Board  at any time between May 23  2024 and the date of the 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders  to repurchase Millicom's common shares and Swedish Depository Receipts (SDRs)  hereafter individually and collectively referred to as the ""Shares""  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in force  and in particular the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies  as amended from time to time (the ""Luxembourg Commercial Companies Law"") (the ""Share Repurchase Plan"")  and subject to the following conditions:2. The transactions under the Share Repurchase Plan may be carried out by any permitted means  including but not limited to entering into market  off-market  over-the-counter and mutual agreement transactions  through payment in cash or in kind  using distributable profits  available reserves  new shares issue  derivative financial instruments or any other financing mechanism.3. While the primary purpose of the Share Repurchase Plan is set out below  the Share Repurchase Plan may be carried out for all purposes allowed  or which would become authorized by  the applicable law and regulations.4. The maximum number of Shares that may be acquired shall not exceed ten per cent (10%) of Millicom's outstanding share capital as of the date when the start of the share repurchase program is announced by press release.5. Repurchase transactions under the Share Repurchase Plan may be made at acquisition prices per Share as follows:a. For Shares repurchased on a regulated market where the shares are traded  the price per Share shall be within the registered interval for the share price prevailing at any time (the so-called spread)  that is  the interval between the highest buying rate and the lowest selling rate of the Shares on the market on which the purchases are made.b. For any other Shares repurchased  the price per share may not exceed 110% of the most recent closing trading price of the Shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the U.S.  provided that the minimum repurchase price is above SEK 50 (or USD equivalent).6. The Share Repurchase Plan may not have the effect of reducing Millicom's net assets and reserves under the limit required by the Luxembourg Commercial Companies Law or the Articles of Association of the Company.127. Only fully paid-up Shares may be included in repurchase transactions made under the Share Repurchase Plan.The primary purposes of this resolution are to provide the Board with more options in its efforts to deliver long-term shareholder value and total shareholder return  and to provide a method to secure availability of Shares for Board remuneration and Millicom's share-based incentive plans.The Board is hereby authorized to:(i) transfer all or part of the Shares repurchased under the Share Repurchase Plan to employees of the Millicom Group in connection with any existing or future Millicom share-based incentive plans (ii) use the purchased Shares to meet obligations arising from debt financial instruments exchangeable into equity instruments (iii) use the repurchased Shares as consideration for merger and acquisition purposes  including joint ventures and the buy-out of minority interests in Millicom's subsidiaries or joint ventures  as the case may be  in accordance with the limits set out in the Luxembourg Commercial Companies Law (iv) cancel the repurchased Shares and Shares held in treasury from Shares repurchased under previous Share repurchase plans  and(v) any other purpose not expressly prohibited by applicable law.All powers are hereby granted to the Board  with the power to delegate and substitute  to ensure the implementation of this authorization  conclude all agreements  carry out all formalities and make all declarations with regard to all authorities and  generally  do all that is necessary or proper for the execution of any decisions made in connection with this authorization.The Share Repurchase Plan supersedes and replaces all other previous share repurchase plans of Millicom  which are deemed cancelled.AGM - item 21: 2023 REMUNERATION REPORTThe Board proposes that the AGM provides an advisory vote on Millicom's remuneration report for the financial year ended on December 31  2023 (the ""2023 Remuneration Report"")  pursuant to Article 7ter. of the Luxembourg law of 24 May 2011 on the exercise of certain rights of shareholders at general meetings of listed companies  as amended. The Nomination Committee will consider this advisory vote when reviewing the Director Remuneration Policy  and the Board will consider this advisory vote when reviewing the Senior Management Remuneration Policy in the future and explain in the 2024 remuneration report how this advisory vote was taken into account.The 2023 Remuneration Report is available on Millicom's website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/.AGM - item 22: SENIOR MANAGEMENT REMUNERATION POLICYThe Board proposes that the AGM resolves on the following guidelines and policy for remuneration and other employment terms for the senior management for the period up to the 2025 AGM.13Compensation philosophy and guidelines:· Competitive and fair - Levels of pay and benefits to attract and retain the right people.· Drive the right behaviors - Reward policy and practices that drive behaviors supporting our Company strategy and business objectives.· Shareholder alignment - Variable compensation plans that support a culture of entrepreneurship and performance and incorporate both short-term and longer-term financial and operational metrics strongly correlated to the creation of shareholder wealth. Long-term incentives are designed to maintain sustained commitment and ensure that the interests of our Global Senior Management Team are aligned with those of our shareholders.· Pay for performance - Total reward structured around pay in line with performance  providing the opportunity to reward strong corporate and individual performance. A significant proportion of top management's compensation is variable (at risk) and based on measures of personal  company and share price performance directly attributable to short-term and long-term value creation.· Transparency - Millicom is committed to expanding transparency  including disclosure around pay for performance  links to value creation  etc.· Market competitive and representative remuneration - Compensation is designed to be market competitive and representative of the seniority and importance of roles  responsibilities and geographical locations of individuals.· Retention of key talent - Variable compensation plans include a significant portion of deferred share-based or cash compensation  the payout of which is conditional on future employment with the Company for three-year rolling periods  starting on the grant date.· Executive management to be 'invested' - The Executive Team and Corporate Vice-Presidents  through Millicom's share ownership guidelines  are required to reach and maintain a significant level of personal ownership of Millicom shares.Objectives of senior management compensation:· Fixed salary and benefits: to ensure that Millicom can attract  motivate and retain senior management  within the context of Millicom's international talent pool  which consists of Telecommunications  Media & Fast-Moving Consumer Goods (""FMCG"") companies.· Short Term Incentives (""STI""): to incentivize senior management to execute strategic plans in operational decision making to achieve short-term performance goals impacting performance and enhancing the value of the Company. In general  75% of the STI is based on achievement of financial targets of the individual's corresponding business unit  while the remaining 25% is based on individual performance.· Long Term Incentives (""LTI""): to align senior management long-term incentives with the long-term interests of shareholders  encouraging long-term value creation  retention and management focus on long-term value and commitment to the Company. Based on these key principles  the LTI design for 2024 is a balance of share price appreciation  retention and ESG targets approved by the Compensation & Talent Committee and the Board. Millicom emphasizes the ""one team"" mentality - by maintaining unified goals and objectives in the long-term incentive program for the executive leadership team with the purpose of long-term value of the Company.14Benchmarking of Executive Management Compensation: For the Chief Executive Officer (""CEO"") and Executive Vice Presidents (""EVPs"")  compensation has been benchmarked against a peer group  which includes: Lumen Technologies  Inc.  DISH Network Corporation  American Tower Corporation  Altice USA  Inc.  Sirius XM Holdings Inc.  Global Payments Inc.  Liberty Latin America Ltd.  Frontier Communications Parent  Inc.  Telephone and Data Systems  Inc.  United States Cellular Corporation  AMC Networks Inc.  SBA Communications Corporation and Cable One  Inc.Senior Management Remuneration Policy(i) Base salary and benefitsBase annual salaries shall be competitive and based on individual responsibilities and performance. The base salary and other benefits of the CEO are proposed by the Compensation and Talent Committee and approved by the Board  and the base salary and benefits of the EVPs are proposed by the CEO and approved by the Compensation and Talent Committee.(ii) Variable remunerationSenior management may receive variable remuneration in addition to base salary. The variable remuneration consists of (a) Short-term Incentives (""STI"")  and (b) Long-term Incentives (""LTI"").The amounts and percentages for variable remuneration are based on pre-established goals and targets related to the performance of both Millicom and individual employees  as summarized below and presented in detail in item 23.(a) Short-term IncentivesThe STI consists of two components: a cash bonus and a restricted share units-based component (the Deferred Share Plan  or ""DSP""). For the 2025 DSP grant  Corporate Directors  General Managers and senior in-country leadership teams are eligible for a Deferred Cash Plan (the ""DCP"") instead of the DSP.STI measures  and relative weightings (shown below) are designed to reflect Millicom's strategic goals of encouraging profitable operations  efficient use of capital  overall growth and customer focus:(i) Service Revenue (25%) (ii) Earnings Before Interest  Tax  Depreciation and Amortization (""EBITDA"") (25%) (iii) Equity Free Cash Flow (""EFCF"") (25%) (iv) Personal Performance* (25%).* Personal Performance is assessed on achievement of personalized qualitative and quantitative goals aligned to the overall strategy and objectives of the Company.The DSP seeks to attract and retain management employees  by rewarding for past performance and incentivizing longer-term service. It is part of Millicom's short-term incentive program and as such the Board deems that pro rata vesting (30%/30%/40%) over a three-year period is reasonable in order to achieve the objectives of Millicom's overall compensation and reward strategy.Modifications compared to the 2023 STI-DSP(i) 2024 STI paid in 202515The Compensation and Talent Committee implemented a redistribution of weights for both the 2025 DSP and 2025 DCP  reducing the personal performance from 30% to 25% and assigning equal weights to the three financial metrics totaling 75%. Additionally  the Committee also introduced EFCF as a new metric  in replacement of OFCFaL and Relational Net Promoter Score  to align with the principal financial target disclosed by the Company.(ii) 2025 DSP (based on 2024 performance)Eligibility for participation in the DSP component is limited to Millicom's CEO  EVPs and Corporate Vice Presidents (""VPs""). Currently  16 individuals are included in this group. The metrics are the same as the 2024 STI metrics.(iii) 2025 DCP (based on 2024 performance)Corporate Directors and senior in-country leadership (excluding General Managers) are eligible for a Deferred Cash Plan instead of the DSP  with the same targets as the DSP and 2024 STI metrics. Currently  111 individuals are included in this group.For the General Managers  the DSP is also replaced with a Deferred Cash Plan (DCP)  with individual country targets:(i) Service Revenue (50%)  and(ii) EFCF (50%).(b) Long-term Incentive Plan (""LTI"")The LTI is a share-based plan whereby the awards granted vest at the end of a three-year period  subject to achievement against performance measures and fulfillment of conditions. These measures  and their relative weightings  are shown below:(i) Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) (60%) (ii) Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) (30%)  and(iii) Performance Shares with ESG target achievement (10%)Modifications compared to the 2023 LTIFor 2024  we have moved towards an incentive plan focused on shareholder value creation  long-term incentive and retention using three equity vehicles: Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs)  Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)  and Performance Shares based on achievement of ESG metrics. For the ESG metric  the Compensation and Talent Committee has proposed to reduce from 5 metrics to 1  focusing on carbon emissions.EligibilityEligibility for participation in the LTI is limited to Millicom's CEO  EVPs and VPs. Currently  16 individuals are included in this group.For General Managers  the LTI is merged into the DCP plan described above  including the same metrics.162024 LTI (based on 2024-2026 performance)Information on the 2024 LTI  including performance measures and payout scales (based on performance from 2024 to 2026)  and the number of share awards to be granted  is included in agenda item 23 below.(iii) Other benefitsOther benefits can include  for example  car allowance  medical coverage and  in limited cases  while on an expat assignment  housing allowance  school fees  and home leave.(iv) PensionThe Global Senior Management Team  which is comprised of Millicom's CEO  EVPs  VPs and General Managers are eligible to participate in a global retirement saving plan which also covers death and disability insurance. This global plan is secured through premiums paid to insurance companies. Company contributions to the global defined contribution retirement saving plan range between 10% and 15% of the executive's base pay.Notice of termination and severance payIf the employment of Millicom's most senior management is terminated  a notice period of up to 12 months could potentially apply.Other Policies and PracticesThe Board regularly reviews best practices in executive compensation and governance and revises policies and practices when appropriate.Deviations from the policy and guidelinesIn special circumstances  the Board may deviate from the above policy and guidelines  including additional variable remuneration in the case of exceptional performance.Where such deviation relates to the CEO's remuneration  the Board may temporarily deviate from the above policy and guidelines until the 2025 AGM to ensure the long-term interest and continuity of Millicom or guarantee its viability.Independent AdvisorThe Board has retained Mercer as its independent compensation consultant. Mercer provides advice  executive benchmarking data and best practices and makes suggestions based on its knowledge of the market.AGM - item 23: SHARE-BASED INCENTIVE PLANSAs outlined in the proposed guidelines and policy for senior management remuneration in agenda item 22 above (and the corresponding guidelines approved at the 2023 AGM)  variable compensation includes the following share-based incentive plans:(i) a short-term Deferred Share Plan (DSP)  and(ii) a three-year Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTI).17There is no legal requirement for Millicom (as a Luxembourg company) to obtain shareholder approval of share-based incentive plans. Nonetheless  following past practice and in alignment with the expectations of Millicom's shareholders  the Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve the 2024 DSP  the 2024 LTI and the granting of share awards under both plans  as further described below.Governance of the PlansThe Compensation and Talent Committee of the Board monitors and evaluates programs for variable remuneration (both ongoing programs and those that have ended during the year)  the manner in which the guidelines for remuneration to senior management adopted at the AGM have been applied  and the current remuneration structure and levels of remuneration in Millicom. The design of each share-based plan is reviewed each year to ensure that:· The programs are well aligned with the interests of shareholders;· The programs are designed to help attract  motivate and retain the competencies needed in Millicom's senior management; and· The programs have a positive effect on Millicom's development and thus are beneficial for both Millicom and its shareholders.The Compensation and Talent Committee determines when an offer for the grant of share awards shall be made  the eligible employees to whom such offer shall be made and the terms governing the offer for the grant of share awards  in accordance with the principles adopted by the AGM. The Compensation and Talent Committee shall also have the right to resolve on more detailed terms and conditions in accordance with the Senior Management Remuneration Policy.The Compensation and Talent Committee approves the detailed terms and conditions of the share-based compensation plans  in accordance with the terms and guidelines set out herein. In connection therewith  the Compensation and Talent Committee is entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  and  in connection with delivery of shares to participants  offer share settlement in order to cover the participant's tax costs upon vesting.The Compensation and Talent Committee may make certain other adjustments  including deciding to reduce the delivery of shares for all participants  or for certain categories of participants covered by the 2024 LTI and 2024 DSP  if material changes occur within Millicom or in the market that  in the Board's assessment  mean that the terms and conditions for the allotment of shares under the plans no longer fulfil the main objectives of the plans.Preparation of the ProposalMillicom's Compensation and Talent Committee has prepared the 2024 DSP and the 2024 LTI in consultation with external advisors. The plans have been reviewed at meetings of the Compensation and Talent Committee in 2023 and in the first months of 2024.(i) Proposed 2024 DSP (based on 2023 performance)The proposed 2024 DSP is based on a target percentage of the annual base salary of each participant and the performance related to the 2023 financial year. Each share unit granted carries a non-transferable right to receive one share in Millicom on the relevant vesting date. Eligibility for participation in the 2024 DSP is described in item 22.18CalculationSTI compensation is calculated as Base Salary X a pre-determined % of base salary X plan performance.Performance measures (based on 2023 performance) and payout scalePerformance is measured on the extent to which performance targets (group  regional  or country level as applicable to each individual) are achieved  as follows:Performance measure % of the DSP Service revenue (SR) 20% EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization) 20% OFCFaL (Operating Free Cash Flow after Leases) 20% rNPS (relational net promoter score) 10% Personal performance 30%Payout is based on a linear scale with minimum  target and maximum achievement of performance measures (except personal performance) as follows:Achievement Payout Achievement less than 95% of target 0% Achievement at 100% of target 100% Achievement at or above 104% (SR)  106% (EBITDA)  107% (OFCFaL) and/or 110% (tNPS) of target 200%Personal performance is based on the rating scale below  whereby employees rated ""does not meet"" do not receive any STI compensation  and employees rated 'partially meets' are not eligible to participate in the 2024 DSP.Performance rating Does not meet Partially meets Meets Exceeds Exceptionally Exceeds Payout 0% 15% on cash component. 0% on share component. 30% 45% 60%Payment / vestingIf the AGM approves the 2024 DSP  and thereby the granting of share awards to the DSP Participants  the STI is paid in cash and in DSP shares: for senior leaders 30% / 70% at the top and 40% / 60% at the lower end. For employees not participating in the DSP  or to the extent that the DSP is not approved by the AGM  the STI (including the portion that would have been provided as shares) will be a cash bonus. The share awards will vest (generally subject to the participant still being employed by Millicom) 30% in Q1 2025  30% in Q1 2026 and 40% in Q1 2027.19Grant of share awards1 141 873 share units were granted  conditional on AGM approval as per the above  under the DSP plan in Q1 2024  representing approximately 0.67% of the outstanding shares and outstanding votes.(ii) Proposed 2024 LTIThe proposed 2024 LTI award is divided in three equity vehicles: Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs)  Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)  and Performance Shares based on achievement of the ESG performance measure between 2024 and 2026. Eligibility for participation in the 2024 LTI is described in item 22.CalculationThe award value per participant is based on seniority and ranges from 35% to 315% at target (for the CEO) of base annual salary (as of January 1  2024) as follows:Seniority % of base annual salary (range) VPs 35%-70% CEO and EVPs 85%-315%This award will be divided into:1. Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) - (60% of the award)  calculated based on Black-Scholes valuation of the stock price at fair market value of the grant.2. Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) - (30% of the award).3. Performance Shares with ESG metric - (10% of the award).Stock Appreciation Rights will vest in number of units as defined by the Black-Scholes valuation. The participant will have the eligibility to exercise these units during the seven-year period following the vesting date. Upon exercising these units  the appreciation will be paid in Millicom stock.Each Restricted Stock Unit and Performance Share unit will vest as one Millicom share  subject to the achievement of the following performance measures for the performance shares:Performance measure % of the LTI ESG metric - 2024-2026 measurement based on Carbon Emissions reduction target. 10%Payout for the Performance conditions for ESG target:· In the event the Company achieves less than 80% of the target  the corresponding portion of the grant will be reduced to zero.· In the event the Company achieves between 80% and 100% of the target  the corresponding portion of the grant will be adjusted in linear pro rata of the achievement starting at a payout of 0% to 100%.20· Payout is capped at 100% achievement.In addition  participants who receive a 'does not meet' performance rating are not eligible to participate in the LTI in the following year.Payment / vestingThe equity awards vest after a three-year vesting period  in Q1 2027  subject to achievement of performance measures and the participant being employed by Millicom at the time of vesting.Grant of share awardsAt target 193 537 share units are granted under the 2024 LTI plan corresponding to RSUs and Performance Shares  representing approximately 0.11% of the outstanding shares and votes. The amount of SARs to be granted are subject to the share price valuation following approval of the LTI by the Compensation and Talent Committee  i.e.  April 4  2024.Share ownership requirementsParticipants in the LTI are subject to Millicom's Share Ownership Policy  which requires them to maintain the minimum levels of share ownership based on the size of their annual share grants  or hold all shares vested (post tax) under either the LTI or the DSP until reaching those minimum levels. These levels currently range from 400% of base salary to 50% of base salary.Accounting  cost and maximum number of sharesBoth the DSP and LTI are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2  which requires the cost of share awards to be recorded as employee costs in the income statement over the vesting period  based on the number of shares expected to vest and the fair value of those shares. Elements specific to each plan are as follows:(i) 2024 DSPNo expense is recognized for DSP share awards that do not ultimately vest. Vesting of the shares is not dependent on market conditions. The number of shares that may vest  approximate cost and percentage of outstanding shares (based on grant share price of USD 16.33) are as follows:Shares that may vest Approximate cumulative three-year cost (USD) % of outstanding shares At Maximum 1 141 873 18.65 million 0.67%The costs and dilution are expected to have only a marginal effect on key ratios of Millicom.Information on performance of the 2023 STI and on the 2024 DSP grant will be presented in Millicom's 2024 Annual Report.(ii) 2024 LTINo expense is recognized for share awards that do not ultimately vest  except for the Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) portion of the LTI where vesting is conditional upon a market condition  which are treated as vested regardless of whether or not the market conditions are satisfied  provided that all other performance conditions are satisfied. For Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) vesting of the shares is dependent on service conditions only.21An estimate of the number of shares that may vest and approximate cost for the RSUs and the performance shares are as follows:Shares that may vest Approximate cumulative three-year cost (USD) % of outstanding shares At Maximum 193 537 3.93 million 0.11%Information about the performance results and the outcome of the 2024 LTI will be presented in Millicom's 2026 Annual Report.Hedging arrangements and delivery of sharesThe undertaking to deliver shares to the participants in the 2024 DSP and 2024 LTI will be fulfilled either by Millicom transferring its own treasury shares or  if required  by acquiring and transferring shares or issuing new shares.Delivery of shares  subject to the terms of conditions of the plans  will be made free of charge.Information regarding other incentive programs in MillicomPlease refer to the 2023 Annual Report and the Company's website http://www.millicom.com   for further information regarding all Millicom's on-going share or share price-related incentive programs.22EGM- item 1: CHAIR OF THE EGMMillicom's Board proposes  in line with the Nomination Committee proposal for the AGM to be held on the same day  Mr. Alexander Koch  attorney at law (Avocat à la Cour/Rechtsanwalt)  with professional address in Luxembourg  to preside over the EGM.In case of absence of Mr. Alexander Koch  the Chair of the Board of Directors of Millicom or  in the absence of the Chair of the Board of Directors  any member of the Board of Directors present at the EGM  shall be empowered to appoint from amongst the persons present at the EGM the individual that will preside over the EGM.The Chair of the EGM shall be empowered to appoint the other members of the Bureau (i.e.  the Secretary and the Scrutineer) amongst the persons present or virtually present at the meeting.EGM - item 2: REMOVE CASTING VOTE OF THE CHAIR OF THE BOARDThe Board aims to nurture constructive dialogue and debate among Board members and the Board's philosophy is that deadlock should be resolved through exchange of opinions until consensus is reached. No Board member should have overriding rights and  therefore  the Board proposes to remove the casting vote of the Chair of the Board in the event of tie provided by article 444-4  2° (2) of the 1915 Law  and amend paragraph 7 of article 8 of the articles of association.The amended article 8 of the articles of association of the Company shall read as follows:Article 8. Meetings of the Board.The Board may choose a secretary  who need not be a director  and who shall be responsible for keeping minutes of the meetings of the Board and of the resolutions passed at the General Meeting.The Board will meet upon call by the Chair. A meeting of the board must be convened if any two Directors so require.The Chair shall preside at all meetings of the Board of the Company  except that in his absence the Board may elect by a simple majority of the Directors present another Director or a duly qualified third party as Chair of the relevant meeting.Except in cases of urgency or with the prior consent of all those entitled to attend  at least 3 (three) days' written notice of board meetings shall be given. Any such notice shall specify the time and place of the meeting and the nature of the business to be transacted. No such written notice is required if all the members of the Board are present or represented during the meeting and if they state to have been duly informed  and to have had full knowledge of the agenda of the meeting. The written notice may be waived by the consent in writings  whether in original  by telefax  or e-mail to which an electronic signature (which is valid under the Law) is affixed  of each member of the Board. Separate written notice shall not be required for meetings that are held at times and places determined in a schedule previously adopted by resolution of the Board.Every Board meeting shall be held in Luxembourg or at such other place as the Board may from time to time determine.23Any member of the Board may act at any meeting of the Board by appointing in writing  whether in original  by telefax  or e-mail to which an electronic signature (which is valid under the Law) is affixed  another Director as his or her proxy.A quorum of the Board shall be the presence of 4 (four) of the Directors holding office. Decisions will be taken by the affirmative votes of a simple majority of the Directors present or represented. The Chair of the Board does not have a casting vote in the event of a tie.Notwithstanding the foregoing  a resolution of the Board may also be passed in writing  in case of urgency or where other exceptional circumstances so require. Such resolution shall be unanimously approved by the Directors and shall consist of one or several documents containing the resolutions either (i) signed manually or electronically by means of an electronic signature which is valid under Luxembourg law or (ii) agreed upon via a consent in writing by e-mail to which an electronic signature (which is valid under Luxembourg law) is affixed. The date of such a resolution shall be the date of the last signature or  if applicable  the last consent.Any Director may participate in a meeting of the Board by conference call  video conference or similar means of communication equipment whereby (i) the Directors attending the meeting can be identified  (ii) all persons participating in the meeting can hear and speak to each other  (iii) the transmission of the meeting is performed on an on-going basis and (iv) the directors can properly deliberate  and participating in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. A meeting of the Board held by such means of communication will be deemed to be held in Luxembourg.EGM- item 3: CHANGE THE DEFINITION FROM CHAIRMAN TO CHAIR OF THE BOARDThe Board proposed to adopt a more inclusive language  changing the definition from ""Chairman"" to ""Chair""  and to amend articles 7  8  9 and 21 of the articles of association accordingly and further amend article 19 second sentence of Millicom's articles of association to refer to the ""chair of the annual General Meeting.EGM - item 4: FULL RESTATEMENT OF THE COMPANY'S ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATIONIt is proposed to fully restate the Articles incorporating the above changes approved at the EGM.The draft restated articles of association of the Company are available on the Company's website.Board of Directors April 17  2024The personal data of SDR holders and shareholders collected from the SDR/share register  notification of attendance to the AGM and EGM as well as information regarding representatives and advisors will be used for registration  drawing up of voting list for the AGM and EGM and  where applicable  minutes from the AGM and EGM. The personal data will be processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council).24For more information  please contact:AGM/EGM Inquiries:Patrick Gill  Company Secretary +352 27 759 603 Maria Florencia Maiori  Senior Legal Counsel information@millicom.comPress:Sofia Corral  Director Corporate Communications press@millicom.com Investors: Michel Morin  VP Investor Relations investors@millicom.comAbout MillicomMillicom (NASDAQ U.S.: TIGO  Nasdaq Stockholm: TIGO_SDB) is a leading provider of fixed and mobile telecommunications services in Latin America. Through our TIGO® and Tigo Business® brands  we provide a wide range of digital services and products  including TIGO Money for mobile financial services  TIGO Sports for local entertainment  TIGO ONEtv for pay TV  high-speed data  voice  and business-to-business solutions such as cloud and security. As of December 31  2023  Millicom  including its Honduras Joint Venture  employed approximately 16 500 people and provided mobile and fiber-cable services through its digital highways to more than 45 million customers  with a fiber-cable footprint over 13 million homes passed. Founded in 1990  Millicom International Cellular S.A. is headquartered in Luxembourg.25Item 2Millicom's Nomination Committee's proposal for Board of DirectorsLuxembourg  April 17  2024 - In advance of the Annual General Meeting of shareholders (""AGM"") of Millicom International Cellular S.A. (""Millicom"")  to be held on May 23  2024  Millicom's Nomination Committee proposes:The election of Maxime Lombardini and Justine Dimovic as new Directors of the Board;The re-election of María Teresa Arnal Machado  Bruce Churchill  Aude Durand  Tomas Eliasson  Mauricio Ramos  Thomas Reynaud  and Blanca Treviño de Vega as Directors of the Board; and the election of Mauricio Ramos as Chair of the Board.Pernille Erenbjerg and Michael Golan have decided not to seek re-election.Maxime Lombardini will bring his extensive experience and track record in leading businesses in the telecommunications industry  as well as the strong knowledge of Millicom that he has gained while serving as President and Chief Operating Officer since September 2023.Justine Dimovic will bring a wealth of capital allocation  financing  and investment experience  including in the telecommunications section  from her various leadership positions in corporate finance  treasury  banking  and investor relations  including an eight-year tenure in Millicom's finance function until 2019.Aude Durand  Chair of the Nomination Committee  commented: ""The Nomination Committee is pleased to propose the election of Maxime Lombardini and Justine Dimovic as new Board Directors. The addition of these new directors will strengthen Board's oversight of Millicom's operational and financial performance and of its capital allocation and strategic direction.""Mauricio Ramos  Chair of the Board  added: ""On behalf of the Board  the management team  and all shareholders  I would like to extend our gratitude to our outgoing directors for their significant contributions to the Board. Over a period of six years  Pernille Erenbjerg contributed significantly as Deputy Chair and Chair of Millicom's Compensation and Talent Committee on many key business and compensation related matters during this time. Since his appointment in May 2023  Michael Golan contributed significantly to Millicom's restructuring program and oversight of financial matters while serving on Millicom's Audit and Compliance Committee.In addition  I look forward to Maxime and Justine joining the Board in May.""The Nomination Committee's motivated statement and full proposals are available in the corporate governance section of the Millicom website and are presented together with the convening notice to Millicom's AGM  to be held on May 23  2024.The Nomination Committee ahead of the 2024 AGM comprised: Aude Durand appointed by Atlas Luxco; Jan Dworsky  appointed by Swedbank Robur Funds; and Staley Cates  appointed by Southeastern Asset Management; as well as the Interim Chair of Millicom's Board of Directors  Mauricio Ramos  appointed by the shareholders at the 2023 AGM.-END-For further information  please contactPress:Sofia Corral  Director Corporate Communicationspress@millicom.com Investors:Michel Morin  VP Investor Relationsinvestors@millicom.comAbout MillicomMillicom (NASDAQ U.S.: TIGO  Nasdaq Stockholm: TIGO_SDB) is a leading provider of fixed and mobiletelecommunications services in Latin America. Through our TIGO® and Tigo Business® brands  we provide a wide range of digital services and products  including TIGO Money for mobile financial services  TIGO Sports for local entertainment  TIGO ONEtv for pay TV  high-speed data  voice  and business-to-business solutions such as cloud and security. As of December 31  2023  Millicom  including its Honduras Joint Venture  employed approximately 16 500 people  and provided mobile and fiber-cable services through its digital highways to more than 45 million customers  with a fiber-cable footprint over 13 million homes passed. Founded in 1990  Millicom International Cellular S.A. is headquartered in Luxembourg.SIGNATURESPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned  thereunto duly authorized.MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. (Registrant) By: /s/ Salvador Escalón Name: Salvador Escalón Title: Executive Vice President  Chief Legal and Compliance OfficerDate: April 17  2024",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Millicom International Cellular S A', 'Grand Duchy', '49 Luxembourg', 'Form', 'Blanca Treviño de Vega', 'MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.', 'María Teresa Arnal', 'Rue du Fort Bourbon', 'Senior Management Remuneration Policy', 'R.C.S. Luxembourg', 'subsequent extraordinary general meeting', 'FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER', 'principal executive office', 'Central European Time', 'unappropriated net profits', 'Share Repurchase Plan', 'share-based incentive plans', 'Hotel Le Royal', 'Annual General Meeting', 'FURNISHED MATERIAL Item', 'KPMG Audit SARL', 'SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT', 'Commission File Number', 'external auditor remuneration', 'article 19 second sentence', 'EXCHANGE COMMISSION', 'D.C.', 'Millicom employees', 'management reports', 'annual accounts', '12 Bd Royal', '2023 Remuneration Report', 'annual reports', '11:00 a', 'UNITED STATES', 'Exact Name', 'Grand Duchy', 'check mark', 'Press release', 'Convening Notice', 'I. NOTICE', 'section IV', 'agenda points', 'section IX', 'detailed information', 'II. AGENDA', 'other members', 'consolidated accounts', 'legal reserve', 'remaining balance', 'Bruce Churchill', 'Tomas Eliasson', 'Mauricio Ramos', 'Thomas Reynaud', 'Aude Durand', 'Maxime Lombardini', 'Justine Dimovic', ""Directors' remuneration"", 'KPMG LLP', 'Nomination Committee', 'casting vote', 'inclusive language', 'Registered Address', 'FORM 6-K', 'The AGM', '49 Luxembourg', '2025 AGM', 'Washington', 'PURSUANT', 'RULE', 'month', 'April', 'Registrant', 'Charter', 'cover', 'INDEX', 'Shareholders', 'EGM', 'Company', 'Thursday', 'May', 'CET', 'proxy', 'instructions', 'Notes', 'proposals', 'chair', 'bureau', 'board', 'year', 'results', 'performance', 'mandates', 'term', 'period', 'event', '1915 Law', 'paragraph', 'articles', 'association', 'definition', 'amendments', '1934']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39417,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864188/0/en/Convening-Notice-for-Annual-General-Meeting-and-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders.html,Convening Notice for Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders,Convening Notice for Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.Registered...,"Convening Notice for Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting of ShareholdersMILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.Registered Address :2  Rue du Fort BourbonL-1249 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg– R.C.S. Luxembourg: B 40.630 –I. NOTICEThe annual general meeting (“AGM”) and subsequent extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) of the shareholders of MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A. (“Millicom” or the “Company”) is hereby convened to be held at Hotel Le Royal  12 Bd Royal  2449 Luxembourg on Thursday  May 23  2024  at 11:00 a.m. Central European Time (""CET"").To attend the AGM and EGM or vote by proxy  please follow the instructions in section IV: “Right to participate at the AGM and the EGM”.The AGM and EGM will consider and vote on the agenda points listed below. Please refer to section IX: “Notes to the Agenda Points of the AGM and EGM” to find detailed information about these proposals.II. AGENDAAGMTo elect the chair of the AGM and to empower the chair of the AGM to appoint the other members of the bureau of the meeting. [ Note ] To receive the management reports of the board of directors (the “Board”) and the reports of the external auditor on the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023. To approve the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023. To allocate USD 7 560 803 of the results of the year ended December 31  2023 to the legal reserve and the remaining balance to the unappropriated net profits to be carried forward. [ Note ] To discharge all the Directors of Millicom for the performance of their mandates during the year ended December 31  2023. [ Note ] To set the number of Directors at 9. [Note] To re-elect María Teresa Arnal as a Director for a term ending at the annual general meeting to be held in 2025 (the ""2025 AGM""). [Note] To re-elect Bruce Churchill as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To re-elect Tomas Eliasson as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To re-elect Mauricio Ramos as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To re-elect Thomas Reynaud as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To re-elect Blanca Treviño de Vega as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To re-elect Aude Durand as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To elect Maxime Lombardini as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To elect Justine Dimovic as a Director for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To elect Mauricio Ramos as Chair of the Board for a term ending at the 2025 AGM. [Note] To approve the Directors’ remuneration for the period from the AGM to the 2025 AGM. [Note] To elect KPMG Audit SARL and KPMG LLP (collectively  “KPMG”) as the external auditor for a term ending on the date of the 2025 AGM and to approve the external auditor remuneration to be paid against an approved account. [Note] To approve an instruction to the Nomination Committee. [Note] To approve the Share Repurchase Plan. [ Note ] To vote on the 2023 Remuneration Report. [Note] To approve the Senior Management Remuneration Policy. [Note] To approve the share-based incentive plans for Millicom employees. [Note]EGMTo elect the chair of the EGM and to empower the chair of the EGM to appoint the other members of the bureau of the meeting. [Note] To remove the casting vote of the Chair of the Board in the event of a tie provided by article 444-4 (2) of the 1915 Law and add a sentence to paragraph 7 of article 8 of Millicom’s articles of association expressly stating that the Chair of the Board does not have a casting vote in the event of a tie. [ Note ] To adopt inclusive language and change the definition from “Chairman” to “Chair” of the Board  and to amend article 7  8  9 and 21 of Millicom’s articles of association accordingly  and further amend article 19 second sentence of Millicom’s articles of association to refer to the “chair of the annual general meeting”. [Note] To fully restate the Company’s articles of association to incorporate the amendments to the Company’s articles of association approved in the foregoing resolutions. [ Note ]III. KEY DATESMay 2  2024 Deadline to propose additional items to the agenda May 6 – May 9  2024 Conversion stoppage May 9  2024 Voting Record Date and deadline to submit the Notification Form for attendance in person May 17  2024 Deadline to submit proxies May 23  2024 AGM and EGMIV. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AT THE AGM AND THE EGMThe following persons who comply with the procedure below  and hold shares or Swedish Depository Receipts (“SDRs”) on May 9  2024  at 24.00 CET (the ""Voting Record Date"") are eligible to participate/vote at the AGM and EGM1:(1) Holders of Millicom shares traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the US (“Nasdaq US”) under the ticker symbol TIGO (“Millicom Shareholders”) that are registered with Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions  Inc. (“Broadridge”)  including those held by Cede & Co (“DTCC”)  and(2) Holders of SDRs traded on Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker symbol TIGO SDB (“Millicom SDR Holders”) that are registered with Euroclear Sweden AB (“Euroclear Sweden”). Since the Record Date is a public holiday in Sweden  holders of SDRs must make certain that they are registered in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on May 8  2024  at 23.59 CET.Conversion stoppage. Conversions from SDRs into shares  and vice versa  will not be permitted from and including May 6  2024  up to and including May 9  2024. Millicom SDR Holders and Millicom Shareholders who seek to convert their SDRs to shares  or vice versa (which can be done in accordance with the procedures set out on Millicom’s website at Millicom-SDR-conversion-process )  should take into consideration the dates and times noted above.Instructions for participating and voting by Millicom Shareholders are shown below. Instructions for participation and voting by Millicom SDR Holders are shown on the following page.Millicom Shareholders (US)Millicom Shareholders eligible to participate and vote Participation and voting at the AGM and the EGM is reserved to Millicom Shareholders duly registered with Broadridge and/or held by DTCC  on the Voting Record Date (as defined above) at 24.00 CET and who comply with these procedures.Beneficial owners. Beneficial owners of shares that are registered in the name of a nominee or broker (including nominees or brokers that hold shares through DTCC) have the right to instruct their nominee or broker on how to vote with a voter instruction form (“VIF”)  or as may otherwise be established by the nominee or broker.Beneficial owners who wish to attend the AGM and the EGM or vote directly must request the nominee or broker  that appears as the registered shareholder on the Voting Record Date  to issue a legal proxy which allows the beneficial owner to vote his or her shares directly.Beneficial owners who do not vote via their brokers/nominees or do not have a legal proxy are not eligible to vote. Ways to participate and deadline By proxy: registered shareholders may submit the power of attorney form (“ Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form ” ) containing their voting instructions  such that it is received no later than on May 17  2024. In person: the registered shareholder may submit the notification of attendance form to attend the AGM and/or the EGM in person (the “Millicom Shareholder Notification Form”)  such that it is received no later than on the Voting Record Date (May 9) . Channels to submit the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form Online: The Company has sent by post the invitation letter and the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form needed to vote at the AGM and EGM. The Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form includes a control number . Votes can be cast online using the control number at https://east.proxyvote.com/pv/web If you consider that you are eligible to vote but you have not received the control number by post and you would like to submit your vote online  please contact Millicom at information@millicom.comBy post: The Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form can be submitted by post. The original completed  dated and signed Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form or Millicom Shareholder Notification Form should be mailed to the address provided in the form. Millicom Shareholders that choose to send the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form or the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form by post should also send a scanned copy to information@millicom.com By e-mail ( only for the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form): Download the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form from the Millicom Website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ . Complete  date and sign the form using an electronic signature  and send the signed form to information@millicom.com Millicom Shareholder Proxy Forms  Millicom Shareholder Notification Form and all supporting documents can be downloaded from Millicom’s website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ Evidence of authority (for Millicom Shareholder Notification Forms only) If a shareholder is a legal entity  the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form must be signed by a duly authorized person and sufficient evidence of the signatory’s legal power of representation must be provided. Any physical attendee at the AGM and EGM will need to bring original identification documentation (e.g.  passport).Millicom SDR Holders (Sweden)Millicom SDR Holders eligible to participate and vote Participation and voting at the AGM and/or the EGM is reserved to Millicom SDR Holders duly registered with Euroclear Sweden as of the Voting Record Date (as defined above) at 24.00 CET and who comply with these procedures. Since the Record Date is a public holiday in Sweden  holders of SDRs must make certain that they are registered in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on May 8  2024  at 23.59 CET.Re-registration. In order to exercise their rights at the AGM and/or EGM  Millicom SDR Holders whose SDRs are registered in the name of a broker or nominee must temporarily re-register the SDRs in their own name in the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden. Millicom SDR Holders wishing to re-register must inform their broker/nominee well in advance of the Voting Record Date so that they appear on the records maintained by Euroclear Sweden at 24.00 CET on the Voting Record Date.Note that the re-registration process can take 10 business days or more  and Millicom SDR Holders who have not re-registered will not be eligible to participate and vote at the AGM / EGM. As such  we strongly recommend commencing the re-registration process as soon as possible . Ways to participate and deadline By proxy: registered Millicom SDR Holders may submit the power of attorney form (“Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form”) containing their voting instructions  such that it is received no later than on May 17  2024. In person: the registered Millicom SDR Holder may submit the SDR Holder notification of attendance form to attend the AGM and the EGM in person (the “Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form”)  such that it is received no later than on the Voting Record Date (May 9  2024) Channels to submit the Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form Online: The Company has sent by post the invitation letter to vote at the AGM and EGM. The invitation letter includes a pin code . Votes can be cast using the pin code online at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Alternatively  Millicom SDR Holders with a Swedish BankID (available for Swedish individuals only) can vote online at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy using the BankID (instead of the pin-code).If you are a Millicom SDR Holder eligible to vote at the AGM/EGM but have not received the invitation letter  and you would like to submit your vote online  please contact Euroclear Sweden at: millicom@euroclear.c om or by phone: +468-401-43-11 between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. CET.By post: The Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form can be submitted by post. The original completed  dated and signed forms shall be mailed to the address provided in the form. Millicom SDR Holders that choose to send the SDR Holder Proxy Form or Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form by post should also send a scanned copy to: millicom@euroclear.c omBy e-mail (only for the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form): Download the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form from the Millicom Website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ . Complete  date and sign the form using an electronic signature  and email the signed form to millicom@euroclear.com Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Forms  Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form and all supporting documents can be downloaded from Millicom’s website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ Evidence of authority (for Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form only) If the Millicom SDR Holder is a legal entity  the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form must be signed by a duly authorized person and legally sufficient evidence of the signatory’s power of representation must be provided. The attendee will also need to bring an original identification document (such as a passport).V. SHARE CAPITAL  QUORUM  AND MAJORITYAs of April 16  2024  Millicom had 172 096 305 outstanding shares  each with nominal value of USD 1.50  and each share is entitled to one vote. As of April 16  2024  Millicom held 766 703 shares in treasury. The number of shares held in treasury by Millicom will be updated on the Voting Record Date to calculate the voting results. Voting rights attached to shares held in treasury are suspended by law.There is no quorum of presence requirement for the AGM. The AGM agenda items are adopted by a simple majority of the shares present or represented (excluding abstentions).The EGM will validly deliberate on the resolutions on its agenda only if at least 50% of the issued share capital is present or represented (the ""Quorum"") at the first meeting and will validly be adopted only if approved by at least 2/3rds of the votes cast at the EGM. If the Quorum is not reached at the first meeting  the Board of Directors may convene a second extraordinary general meeting with an identical agenda as for the EGM  at which no quorum will be required  and at which the resolutions will validly be adopted if approved by at least 2/3rds of the votes cast at the second EGM.RIGHT TO PROPOSE NEW ITEMS TO THE AGENDAOne or several shareholders representing  individually or collectively  at least 5% of the share capital of Millicom reserve the right to add additional items to the agenda of the AGM and/or EGM.These rights shall be exercised in writing and submitted to Millicom by mail at Millicom’s Registered Address  attention: Company Secretary  and by e-mail to information@millicom.com   such that they are received no later than May 2  2024  and the revised agenda will be published by Millicom  no later than May 8  2024. Shareholder(s) requesting to add an item to the agenda must provide:a reason or motivation for such petition  a draft of the resolution to be presented at the AGM or EGM  and a postal and e-mail address to which the acknowledgment of receipt of their request may be sent by Millicom. Such acknowledgment will be sent within forty-eight (48) hours of receipt of the request.VII. ABILITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AHEAD OF THE AGM AND THE EGMShareholders have the right to ask questions about items on the agenda of the AGM and the EGM ahead of the meeting. The Company will on a reasonable-efforts basis provide responses to the questions on the Company’s website. Questions must be received by the Company by May 17  2024. Questions must be sent by e-mail to: information@millicom.com and include the shareholder’s full name and address and proof of ownership of Millicom shares on the Voting Record Date.VIII. SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATIONThe following documents and information related to the AGM and EGM are available to shareholders at the Registered Address of Millicom and on Millicom's website www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/:- this Convening Notice;the Millicom Shareholder Proxy Form and the Millicom Shareholder Notification Form – Nasdaq US;the Millicom SDR Holder Proxy Form and the Millicom SDR Holder Notification Form – Nasdaq Stockholm;- the draft resolutions of the AGM;- Millicom’s annual accounts and consolidated accounts for the year ended December 31  2023  together with the management report(s) of the Board and the report(s) of the external auditor on the annual accounts and consolidated accounts;- U.S. General Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. holders of Millicom shares and SDRs;- the Nomination Committee's motivated statement explaining its proposals regarding the Board and information on the proposed Directors;- the 2023 Remuneration Report;- the draft resolutions of the EGM; and- the draft restated articles of association of the Company.Shareholders may also receive a copy of the above-mentioned documents by sending a request by mail to the Millicom Registered Address  attention: Company Secretary  or by e-mail to information@millicom.com .IX. NOTES TO THE AGENDA POINTS OF THE AGM AND THE EGM– item 1: CHAIR OF THE MEETINGMillicom's Nomination Committee proposes Mr. Alexander Koch  attorney at law (Avocat à la Cour/Rechtsanwalt)  with professional address in Luxembourg  to preside over the AGM.In the event of Mr. Alexander Koch’s absence  the Chair of the Board – or in the absence of the Chair of the Board  any member of the Board present at the AGM – shall be empowered to appoint from amongst the persons present at the AGM the individual that will preside over the AGM.The chair of the AGM shall be empowered to appoint  from among the persons present or virtually present at the meeting the other members of the bureau of the meeting (i.e.  the Secretary and the Scrutineer).AGM – item 4: RESULTS ALLOCATIONOn a parent-company basis  Millicom generated a profit of USD 344 874 950 for the fiscal year ended December 31  2023 (the “2023 Results”). In compliance with 1915 Law  the Board proposes (i) to allocate USD 7 560 803 of the 2023 Results to the legal reserve to reach 10% of the share capital (i.e.  therefore  the total legal reserve amounts to USD 25 814 446)  and (ii) the remaining USD 337 314 147 to unappropriated net profits to be carried forward.– item 5: DISCHARGE OF DIRECTORS FOR THEIR PERFORMANCEdischarge of all the current and former Directors of Millicom who served at any point in time during the financial year ended December 31  2023  for the performance of their mandates.– items 6-16: ELECTION OF THE DIRECTORSThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of nine (9) directors.The Nomination Committee proposes that María Teresa Arnal  Bruce Churchill  Aude Durand  Tomas Eliasson  Mauricio Ramos  Thomas Reynaud and Blanca Treviño de Vega be re-elected as Directors of Millicom for the term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM.The Nomination Committee proposes that Maxime Lombardini and Justine Dimovic be elected as new Directors of Millicom for the term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM.Pernille Erenbjerg and Michael Golan have decided not to seek re-election as Directors of Millicom.The Nomination Committee  supported by the Board  proposes that Mauricio Ramos be elected as Chair of the Board for a term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM.The Nomination Committee's motivated statement regarding the Board’s composition is available on Millicom's website.AGM – item 17: DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION POLICY AND FEESDirectors’ Remuneration PolicyIn proposing remuneration for the Directors  the Nomination Committee considers many factors  including the size and complexity of the business  the number of board and committee meetings  the amount of responsibility related to each role  regulatory requirements  as well as market practice. The Nomination Committee may also appoint an external compensation consultant to provide advice and benchmarking. The Chair of the Board of Millicom does not participate in discussions or decision-making regarding Director remuneration.Remuneration to Directors comprises cash-based and share-based components  weighted toward shares to align with the compensation philosophy and guidelines of the Company set out in item 22. Directors appointed to Board Committees receive cash-based compensation for each appointment.Share-based compensation is in the form of fully paid-up shares of Millicom common stock. There are no retention  vesting or other holding conditions attached to the shares. Such shares are provided from the Company’s treasury shares or alternatively issued within Millicom’s authorized share capital exclusively in exchange for allocation from the premium reserve (i.e.  for nil consideration from the relevant Directors). Share-based compensation is calculated by dividing the approved remuneration by the average Millicom closing share price on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the US for the three-month period ending on April 30  2024  provided that shares shall not be issued below par value.Notwithstanding the above  for any period where a Director is also an employee of Millicom  no remuneration is paid to that Director beyond any compensation received as an employee of Millicom.Directors’ RemunerationThe Nomination Committee proposes the compensation for the period from the date of the AGM to the date of the 2025 AGM  as follows:Cash2024/2025(USD) Shares2024/2025(USD) Chair of the Board (1)* 105 000 210 000 Board members (8)* 55 000 105 000 Audit and Compliance Committee chair (1)* 45 000 - Audit and Compliance Committee members (3)* 22 500 - Compensation and Talent Committee chair (1)* 25 000 - Compensation and Talent Committee members (2)* 12 500 - Total 707 500 1 050 000* Not payable while the Chair or a Board member receives compensation as an employee of Millicom. Final number of committee members to be set by the Board and subject to modification.AGM – item 18: ELECTION OF THE AUDITOR AND FEESThe Nomination Committee  in accordance with the recommendation of Millicom’s Audit and Compliance Committee  proposes that KPMG be elected as external auditor for a term beginning at the AGM and ending at the 2025 AGM.The proposal from the Nomination Committee  and recommendation from the Audit and Compliance Committee  is based on a tender and evaluation of external audit firms conducted in Q1 2024  taking into consideration independence requirements and fees  among other factors.The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor’s remuneration be paid against an approved account.AGM – item 19: INSTRUCTION TO THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe Nomination Committee proposes that the following Instruction to the Nomination Committee shall apply until new instructions have been adopted. In the event any applicable law or stock market regulation requires a change to this procedure  the Nomination Committee shall take any steps necessary or proper to ensure compliance with such rules.The work of preparing the following agenda items for the annual general meeting shall be performed by a Nomination Committee:To propose the chair of the annual general meeting; To set the number of Directors of the Board; To propose candidates to be elected or re-elected as Directors and the term of their appointment; To propose the remuneration of the Directors; To propose the election or re-election of the external auditor and its remuneration; and To propose a new / amended instruction to the Nomination Committee  if deemed appropriate.The Nomination Committee shall be formed in consultation with the largest shareholders as of the last business day of June 2024. The Nomination Committee shall consist of four members (except that the Nomination Committee may consist of less than four members to the extent that the ten largest shareholders have been given the opportunity to appoint a member and more than six of those largest shareholders have declined) and comprise: (i) the Chair of the Board (Executive Chair  if so appointed)  and (ii) three members appointed by shareholders  each appointed by one of the 10 largest shareholders which has chosen to appoint a member  starting with the largest shareholder and then in descending order until all three members (or less  if applicable) have been nominated.The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are to be independent of the Company and its executive management. At least one member of the Nomination Committee must be independent of the Company’s largest shareholder in terms of votes or any group of shareholders who act in concert in governance of the Company. The Chair of the Board shall act as the Nomination Committee’s convener  and the members of the Nomination Committee will appoint the Nomination Committee’s chair at their first meeting  provided that the Chair of the Board may not serve as the chair of the Nomination Committee. Before the assignment is accepted  a proposed member of the Nomination Committee shall carefully consider any conflict of interest or other circumstances that makes membership of the Nomination Committee inappropriate. The Chief Executive Officer or other members of the executive management may be invited by the chair of the Nomination Committee to participate in meetings of the Nomination Committee as considered appropriate.The Nomination Committee is appointed for a term of office commencing at the time of its formation  which must be no later than six months before the annual general meeting and ending when a new Nomination Committee is formed. If a member resigns during the Nomination Committee’s term of office  and provided that the Nomination Committee finds this prudent  the shareholder that appointed the resigning member may be asked to appoint a new member  provided that the shareholder is still one of the 10 largest shareholders of Millicom. If that shareholder declines to appoint a new member  the Nomination Committee may choose to ask the next largest qualified shareholder to appoint a Nomination Committee member and so on.In the event of changes to the ownership structure of the Company  whereby a shareholder that has appointed a member to the Nomination Committee significantly reduces its shareholding  such member shall immediately resign from the Nomination Committee  unless the other members unanimously decide that such person shall remain until the end of their term. In addition  the Nomination Committee may decide to change its composition and invite the new larger shareholder(s) to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee. In its decision  the Nomination Committee shall inter alia take into account the status of its work  the time remaining to the annual general meeting and the nature of the change in ownership. If more than three months remain until the annual general meeting  however  a shareholder that has become amongst the three largest shareholders shall always  at its request  have the right to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee shall have the right to receive  upon request  personnel resources  such as secretarial services from Millicom  and to charge Millicom with costs for recruitment consultants and related travel if deemed strictly necessary to discharge its duties.AGM – item 20: SHARE REPURCHASE PLANThe Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve a new Share Repurchase Plan on the following terms:To authorize the Board  at any time between May 23  2024 and the date of the 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders  to repurchase Millicom's common shares and Swedish Depository Receipts (SDRs)  hereafter individually and collectively referred to as the “Shares”  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in force  and in particular the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies  as amended from time to time (the ""Luxembourg Commercial Companies Law"") (the ""Share Repurchase Plan"")  and subject to the following conditions: The transactions under the Share Repurchase Plan may be carried out by any permitted means  including but not limited to entering into market  off-market  over-the-counter and mutual agreement transactions  through payment in cash or in kind  using distributable profits  available reserves  new shares issue  derivative financial instruments or any other financing mechanism. While the primary purpose of the Share Repurchase Plan is set out below  the Share Repurchase Plan may be carried out for all purposes allowed  or which would become authorized by  the applicable law and regulations. The maximum number of Shares that may be acquired shall not exceed ten per cent (10%) of Millicom's outstanding share capital as of the date when the start of the share repurchase program is announced by press release. Repurchase transactions under the Share Repurchase Plan may be made at acquisition prices per Share as follows: For Shares repurchased on a regulated market where the shares are traded  the price per Share shall be within the registered interval for the share price prevailing at any time (the so-called spread)  that is  the interval between the highest buying rate and the lowest selling rate of the Shares on the market on which the purchases are made. For any other Shares repurchased  the price per share may not exceed 110% of the most recent closing trading price of the Shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the U.S.  provided that the minimum repurchase price is above SEK 50 (or USD equivalent). The Share Repurchase Plan may not have the effect of reducing Millicom's net assets and reserves under the limit required by the Luxembourg Commercial Companies Law or the Articles of Association of the Company. Only fully paid-up Shares may be included in repurchase transactions made under the Share Repurchase Plan.The primary purposes of this resolution are to provide the Board with more options in its efforts to deliver long-term shareholder value and total shareholder return  and to provide a method to secure availability of Shares for Board remuneration and Millicom’s share-based incentive plans.The Board is hereby authorized to:transfer all or part of the Shares repurchased under the Share Repurchase Plan to employees of the Millicom Group in connection with any existing or future Millicom share-based incentive plans  use the purchased Shares to meet obligations arising from debt financial instruments exchangeable into equity instruments  use the repurchased Shares as consideration for merger and acquisition purposes  including joint ventures and the buy-out of minority interests in Millicom’s subsidiaries or joint ventures  as the case may be  in accordance with the limits set out in the Luxembourg Commercial Companies Law  cancel the repurchased Shares and Shares held in treasury from Shares repurchased under previous Share repurchase plans  and any other purpose not expressly prohibited by applicable law.All powers are hereby granted to the Board  with the power to delegate and substitute  to ensure the implementation of this authorization  conclude all agreements  carry out all formalities and make all declarations with regard to all authorities and  generally  do all that is necessary or proper for the execution of any decisions made in connection with this authorization.The Share Repurchase Plan supersedes and replaces all other previous share repurchase plans of Millicom  which are deemed cancelled.AGM – item 21: 2023 REMUNERATION REPORTThe Board proposes that the AGM provides an advisory vote on Millicom’s remuneration report for the financial year ended on December 31  2023 (the “2023 Remuneration Report”)  pursuant to Article 7ter. of the Luxembourg law of 24 May 2011 on the exercise of certain rights of shareholders at general meetings of listed companies  as amended. The Nomination Committee will consider this advisory vote when reviewing the Director Remuneration Policy  and the Board will consider this advisory vote when reviewing the Senior Management Remuneration Policy in the future and explain in the 2024 remuneration report how this advisory vote was taken into account.The 2023 Remuneration Report is available on Millicom’s website: https://www.millicom.com/our-company/governance/shareholder-meetings/ .AGM – item 22: SENIOR MANAGEMENT REMUNERATION POLICYThe Board proposes that the AGM resolves on the following guidelines and policy for remuneration and other employment terms for the senior management for the period up to the 2025 AGM.Compensation philosophy and guidelines:Competitive and fair – Levels of pay and benefits to attract and retain the right people.– Levels of pay and benefits to attract and retain the right people. Drive the right behaviors – Reward policy and practices that drive behaviors supporting our Company strategy and business objectives.– Reward policy and practices that drive behaviors supporting our Company strategy and business objectives. Shareholder alignment – Variable compensation plans that support a culture of entrepreneurship and performance and incorporate both short-term and longer-term financial and operational metrics strongly correlated to the creation of shareholder wealth. Long-term incentives are designed to maintain sustained commitment and ensure that the interests of our Global Senior Management Team are aligned with those of our shareholders.– Variable compensation plans that support a culture of entrepreneurship and performance and incorporate both short-term and longer-term financial and operational metrics strongly correlated to the creation of shareholder wealth. Long-term incentives are designed to maintain sustained commitment and ensure that the interests of our Global Senior Management Team are aligned with those of our shareholders. Pay for performance – Total reward structured around pay in line with performance  providing the opportunity to reward strong corporate and individual performance. A significant proportion of top management's compensation is variable (at risk) and based on measures of personal  company and share price performance directly attributable to short-term and long-term value creation.– Total reward structured around pay in line with performance  providing the opportunity to reward strong corporate and individual performance. A significant proportion of top management's compensation is variable (at risk) and based on measures of personal  company and share price performance directly attributable to short-term and long-term value creation. Transparency – Millicom is committed to expanding transparency  including disclosure around pay for performance  links to value creation  etc.– Millicom is committed to expanding transparency  including disclosure around pay for performance  links to value creation  etc. Market competitive and representative remuneration – Compensation is designed to be market competitive and representative of the seniority and importance of roles  responsibilities and geographical locations of individuals.– Compensation is designed to be market competitive and representative of the seniority and importance of roles  responsibilities and geographical locations of individuals. Retention of key talent – Variable compensation plans include a significant portion of deferred share-based or cash compensation  the payout of which is conditional on future employment with the Company for three-year rolling periods  starting on the grant date.– Variable compensation plans include a significant portion of deferred share-based or cash compensation  the payout of which is conditional on future employment with the Company for three-year rolling periods  starting on the grant date. Executive management to be ‘invested’ – The Executive Team and Corporate Vice-Presidents  through Millicom’s share ownership guidelines  are required to reach and maintain a significant level of personal ownership of Millicom shares.Objectives of senior management compensation:Fixed salary and benefits : to ensure that Millicom can attract  motivate and retain senior management  within the context of Millicom’s international talent pool  which consists of Telecommunications  Media & Fast-Moving Consumer Goods (“ FMCG ”) companies.: to ensure that Millicom can attract  motivate and retain senior management  within the context of Millicom’s international talent pool  which consists of Telecommunications  Media & Fast-Moving Consumer Goods (“ ”) companies. Short Term Incentives (“STI”) : to incentivize senior management to execute strategic plans in operational decision making to achieve short-term performance goals impacting performance and enhancing the value of the Company. In general  75% of the STI is based on achievement of financial targets of the individual’s corresponding business unit  while the remaining 25% is based on individual performance.: to incentivize senior management to execute strategic plans in operational decision making to achieve short-term performance goals impacting performance and enhancing the value of the Company. In general  75% of the STI is based on achievement of financial targets of the individual’s corresponding business unit  while the remaining 25% is based on individual performance. Long Term Incentives (“LTI”): to align senior management long-term incentives with the long-term interests of shareholders  encouraging long-term value creation  retention and management focus on long-term value and commitment to the Company. Based on these key principles  the LTI design for 2024 is a balance of share price appreciation  retention and ESG targets approved by the Compensation & Talent Committee and the Board. Millicom emphasizes the “one team” mentality – by maintaining unified goals and objectives in the long-term incentive program for the executive leadership team with the purpose of long-term value of the Company.Benchmarking of Executive Management Compensation: For the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Executive Vice Presidents (“EVPs”)  compensation has been benchmarked against a peer group  which includes: Lumen Technologies  Inc.  DISH Network Corporation  American Tower Corporation  Altice USA  Inc.  Sirius XM Holdings Inc.  Global Payments Inc.  Liberty Latin America Ltd.  Frontier Communications Parent  Inc.  Telephone and Data Systems  Inc.  United States Cellular Corporation  AMC Networks Inc.  SBA Communications Corporation and Cable One  Inc.Senior Management Remuneration Policy(i) Base salary and benefitsBase annual salaries shall be competitive and based on individual responsibilities and performance. The base salary and other benefits of the CEO are proposed by the Compensation and Talent Committee and approved by the Board  and the base salary and benefits of the EVPs are proposed by the CEO and approved by the Compensation and Talent Committee.(ii) Variable remunerationSenior management may receive variable remuneration in addition to base salary. The variable remuneration consists of (a) Short-term Incentives (“STI”)  and (b) Long-term Incentives (“LTI”).The amounts and percentages for variable remuneration are based on pre-established goals and targets related to the performance of both Millicom and individual employees  as summarized below and presented in detail in item 23.Short-term IncentivesThe STI consists of two components: a cash bonus and a restricted share units-based component (the Deferred Share Plan  or “DSP”). For the 2025 DSP grant  Corporate Directors  General Managers and senior in-country leadership teams are eligible for a Deferred Cash Plan (the “DCP”) instead of the DSP.STI measures  and relative weightings (shown below) are designed to reflect Millicom’s strategic goals of encouraging profitable operations  efficient use of capital  overall growth and customer focus:Service Revenue (25%)  Earnings Before Interest  Tax  Depreciation and Amortization (“EBITDA”) (25%)  Equity Free Cash Flow (“EFCF”) (25%)  Personal Performance* (25%).* Personal Performance is assessed on achievement of personalized qualitative and quantitative goals aligned to the overall strategy and objectives of the Company.The DSP seeks to attract and retain management employees  by rewarding for past performance and incentivizing longer-term service. It is part of Millicom’s short-term incentive program and as such the Board deems that pro rata vesting (30%/30%/40%) over a three-year period is reasonable in order to achieve the objectives of Millicom’s overall compensation and reward strategy.Modifications compared to the 2023 STI-DSP(i) 2024 STI paid in 2025The Compensation and Talent Committee implemented a redistribution of weights for both the 2025 DSP and 2025 DCP  reducing the personal performance from 30% to 25% and assigning equal weights to the three financial metrics totaling 75%. Additionally  the Committee also introduced EFCF as a new metric  in replacement of OFCFaL and Relational Net Promoter Score  to align with the principal financial target disclosed by the Company.(ii) 2025 DSP (based on 2024 performance)Eligibility for participation in the DSP component is limited to Millicom’s CEO  EVPs and Corporate Vice Presidents (“VPs”). Currently  16 individuals are included in this group. The metrics are the same as the 2024 STI metrics.(iii) 2025 DCP (based on 2024 performance)Corporate Directors and senior in-country leadership (excluding General Managers) are eligible for a Deferred Cash Plan instead of the DSP  with the same targets as the DSP and 2024 STI metrics. Currently  111 individuals are included in this group.For the General Managers  the DSP is also replaced with a Deferred Cash Plan (DCP)  with individual country targets:Service Revenue (50%)  and EFCF (50%). Long-term Incentive Plan (“LTI”)The LTI is a share-based plan whereby the awards granted vest at the end of a three-year period  subject to achievement against performance measures and fulfillment of conditions. These measures  and their relative weightings  are shown below:Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) (60%)  Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) (30%)  and Performance Shares with ESG target achievement (10%)Modifications compared to the 2023 LTIFor 2024  we have moved towards an incentive plan focused on shareholder value creation  long-term incentive and retention using three equity vehicles: Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs)  Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)  and Performance Shares based on achievement of ESG metrics. For the ESG metric  the Compensation and Talent Committee has proposed to reduce from 5 metrics to 1  focusing on carbon emissions.EligibilityEligibility for participation in the LTI is limited to Millicom’s CEO  EVPs and VPs. Currently  16 individuals are included in this group.For General Managers  the LTI is merged into the DCP plan described above  including the same metrics.2024 LTI (based on 2024-2026 performance)Information on the 2024 LTI  including performance measures and payout scales (based on performance from 2024 to 2026)  and the number of share awards to be granted  is included in agenda item 23 below.(iii) Other benefitsOther benefits can include  for example  car allowance  medical coverage and  in limited cases  while on an expat assignment  housing allowance  school fees  and home leave.(iv) PensionThe Global Senior Management Team  which is comprised of Millicom’s CEO  EVPs  VPs and General Managers are eligible to participate in a global retirement saving plan which also covers death and disability insurance. This global plan is secured through premiums paid to insurance companies. Company contributions to the global defined contribution retirement saving plan range between 10% and 15% of the executive’s base pay.Notice of termination and severance payIf the employment of Millicom’s most senior management is terminated  a notice period of up to 12 months could potentially apply.Other Policies and PracticesThe Board regularly reviews best practices in executive compensation and governance and revises policies and practices when appropriate.Deviations from the policy and guidelinesIn special circumstances  the Board may deviate from the above policy and guidelines  including additional variable remuneration in the case of exceptional performance.Where such deviation relates to the CEO’s remuneration  the Board may temporarily deviate from the above policy and guidelines until the 2025 AGM to ensure the long-term interest and continuity of Millicom or guarantee its viability.Independent AdvisorThe Board has retained Mercer as its independent compensation consultant. Mercer provides advice  executive benchmarking data and best practices and makes suggestions based on its knowledge of the market.– item 23: SHARE-BASED INCENTIVE PLANSoutlined in the proposed guidelines and policy for senior management remuneration in agenda item 22 above (and the corresponding guidelines approved at the 2023 AGM)  variable compensation includes the following share-based incentive plans:a short-term Deferred Share Plan (DSP)  and a three-year Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTI).is no legal requirement for Millicom (as a Luxembourg company) to obtain shareholder approval of share-based incentive plans. Nonetheless  following past practice and in alignment with the expectations of Millicom’s shareholders  the Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve the 2024 DSP  the 2024 LTI and the granting of share awards under both plans  as further described below.of the PlansCompensation and Talent Committee of the Board monitors and evaluates programs for variable remuneration (both ongoing programs and those that have ended during the year)  the manner in which the guidelines for remuneration to senior management adopted at the AGM have been applied  and the current remuneration structure and levels of remuneration in Millicom. The design of each share-based plan is reviewed each year to ensure that:The programs are well aligned with the interests of shareholders;The programs are designed to help attract  motivate and retain the competencies needed in Millicom’s senior management; andThe programs have a positive effect on Millicom’s development and thus are beneficial for both Millicom and its shareholders.Compensation and Talent Committee determines when an offer for the grant of share awards shall be made  the eligible employees to whom such offer shall be made and the terms governing the offer for the grant of share awards  in accordance with the principles adopted by the AGM. The Compensation and Talent Committee shall also have the right to resolve on more detailed terms and conditions in accordance with the Senior Management Remuneration Policy. Compensation and Talent Committee approves the detailed terms and conditions of the share-based compensation plans  in accordance with the terms and guidelines set out herein. In connection therewith  the Compensation and Talent Committee is entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  and  in connection with delivery of shares to participants  offer share settlement in order to cover the participant’s tax costs upon vesting. Compensation and Talent Committee may make certain other adjustments  including deciding to reduce the delivery of shares for all participants  or for certain categories of participants covered by the 2024 LTI and 2024 DSP  if material changes occur within Millicom or in the market that  in the Board's assessment  mean that the terms and conditions for the allotment of shares under the plans no longer fulfil the main objectives of the plans.of the Proposal's Compensation and Talent Committee has prepared the 2024 DSP and the 2024 LTI in consultation with external advisors. The plans have been reviewed at meetings of the Compensation and Talent Committee in 2023 and in the first months of 2024.Proposed 2024 DSP (based on 2023 performance)The proposed 2024 DSP is based on a target percentage of the annual base salary of each participant and the performance related to the 2023 financial year. Each share unit granted carries a non-transferable right to receive one share in Millicom on the relevant vesting date. Eligibility for participation in the 2024 DSP is described in item 22.CalculationSTI compensation is calculated as Base Salary X a pre-determined % of base salary X plan performance.Performance measures (based on 2023 performance) and payout scalePerformance is measured on the extent to which performance targets (group  regional  or country level as applicable to each individual) are achieved  as follows:Performance measure % of the DSP Service revenue (SR) 20% EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization) 20% OFCFaL (Operating Free Cash Flow after Leases) 20% rNPS (relational net promoter score) 10% Personal performance 30%Payout is based on a linear scale with minimum  target and maximum achievement of performance measures (except personal performance) as follows:Achievement Payout Achievement less than 95% of target 0% Achievement at 100% of target 100% Achievement at or above 104% (SR)  106% (EBITDA)  107% (OFCFaL) and/or 110% (tNPS) of target 200%Personal performance is based on the rating scale below  whereby employees rated “does not meet” do not receive any STI compensation  and employees rated ‘partially meets’ are not eligible to participate in the 2024 DSP.Performance rating Does not meet Partially meets Meets Exceeds Exceptionally Exceeds Payout 0% 15% on cash component.0% on share component. 30% 45% 60%Payment / vestingIf the AGM approves the 2024 DSP  and thereby the granting of share awards to the DSP Participants  the STI is paid in cash and in DSP shares: for senior leaders 30% / 70% at the top and 40% / 60% at the lower end. For employees not participating in the DSP  or to the extent that the DSP is not approved by the AGM  the STI (including the portion that would have been provided as shares) will be a cash bonus. The share awards will vest (generally subject to the participant still being employed by Millicom) 30% in Q1 2025  30% in Q1 2026 and 40% in Q1 2027.Grant of share awards1 141 873 share units were granted  conditional on AGM approval as per the above  under the DSP plan in Q1 2024  representing approximately 0.67% of the outstanding shares and outstanding votes.(ii) Proposed 2024 LTIThe proposed 2024 LTI award is divided in three equity vehicles: Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs)  Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)  and Performance Shares based on achievement of the ESG performance measure between 2024 and 2026. Eligibility for participation in the 2024 LTI is described in item 22.CalculationThe award value per participant is based on seniority and ranges from 35% to 315% at target (for the CEO) of base annual salary (as of January 1  2024) as follows:Seniority % of base annual salary (range) VPs 35%-70% CEO and EVPs 85%-315%This award will be divided into:1. Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) - (60% of the award)  calculated based on Black-Scholes valuation of the stock price at fair market value of the grant.2. Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) – (30% of the award).3. Performance Shares with ESG metric – (10% of the award).Stock Appreciation Rights will vest in number of units as defined by the Black-Scholes valuation. The participant will have the eligibility to exercise these units during the seven-year period following the vesting date. Upon exercising these units  the appreciation will be paid in Millicom stock.Each Restricted Stock Unit and Performance Share unit will vest as one Millicom share  subject to the achievement of the following performance measures for the performance shares:Performance measure % of the LTI ESG metric – 2024-2026 measurement based on Carbon Emissions reduction target. 10%Payout for the Performance conditions for ESG target:In the event the Company achieves less than 80% of the target  the corresponding portion of the grant will be reduced to zero.In the event the Company achieves between 80% and 100% of the target  the corresponding portion of the grant will be adjusted in linear pro rata of the achievement starting at a payout of 0% to 100%.Payout is capped at 100% achievement.In addition  participants who receive a ‘does not meet’ performance rating are not eligible to participate in the LTI in the following year.Payment / vestingThe equity awards vest after a three-year vesting period  in Q1 2027  subject to achievement of performance measures and the participant being employed by Millicom at the time of vesting.Grant of share awardsAt target 193 537 share units are granted under the 2024 LTI plan corresponding to RSUs and Performance Shares  representing approximately 0.11% of the outstanding shares and votes. The amount of SARs to be granted are subject to the share price valuation following approval of the LTI by the Compensation and Talent Committee  i.e.  April 4  2024.Share ownership requirementsParticipants in the LTI are subject to Millicom’s Share Ownership Policy  which requires them to maintain the minimum levels of share ownership based on the size of their annual share grants  or hold all shares vested (post tax) under either the LTI or the DSP until reaching those minimum levels. These levels currently range from 400% of base salary to 50% of base salary.Accounting  cost and maximum number of sharesBoth the DSP and LTI are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2  which requires the cost of share awards to be recorded as employee costs in the income statement over the vesting period  based on the number of shares expected to vest and the fair value of those shares. Elements specific to each plan are as follows:(i) 2024 DSPNo expense is recognized for DSP share awards that do not ultimately vest. Vesting of the shares is not dependent on market conditions. The number of shares that may vest  approximate cost and percentage of outstanding shares (based on grant share price of USD 16.33) are as follows:Shares that may vest Approximate cumulative three-year cost (USD) % of outstanding shares At Maximum 1 141 873 18.65 million 0.67%The costs and dilution are expected to have only a marginal effect on key ratios of Millicom.Information on performance of the 2023 STI and on the 2024 DSP grant will be presented in Millicom’s 2024 Annual Report.(ii) 2024 LTINo expense is recognized for share awards that do not ultimately vest  except for the Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) portion of the LTI where vesting is conditional upon a market condition  which are treated as vested regardless of whether or not the market conditions are satisfied  provided that all other performance conditions are satisfied. For Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) vesting of the shares is dependent on service conditions only.An estimate of the number of shares that may vest and approximate cost for the RSUs and the performance shares are as follows:Shares that may vest Approximate cumulative three-year cost (USD) % of outstanding shares At Maximum 193 537 3.93 million 0.11%Information about the performance results and the outcome of the 2024 LTI will be presented in Millicom’s 2026 Annual Report.Hedging arrangements and delivery of sharesThe undertaking to deliver shares to the participants in the 2024 DSP and 2024 LTI will be fulfilled either by Millicom transferring its own treasury shares or  if required  by acquiring and transferring shares or issuing new shares.Delivery of shares  subject to the terms of conditions of the plans  will be made free of charge.Information regarding other incentive programs in MillicomPlease refer to the 2023 Annual Report and the Company's website http://www.millicom.com   for further information regarding all Millicom's on-going share or share price-related incentive programs.EGM- item 1: CHAIR OF THE EGMMillicom's Board proposes  in line with the Nomination Committee proposal for the AGM to be held on the same day  Mr. Alexander Koch  attorney at law (Avocat à la Cour/Rechtsanwalt)  with professional address in Luxembourg  to preside over the EGM.In case of absence of Mr. Alexander Koch  the Chair of the Board of Directors of Millicom or  in the absence of the Chair of the Board of Directors  any member of the Board of Directors present at the EGM  shall be empowered to appoint from amongst the persons present at the EGM the individual that will preside over the EGM.The Chair of the EGM shall be empowered to appoint the other members of the Bureau (i.e.  the Secretary and the Scrutineer) amongst the persons present or virtually present at the meeting.EGM – item 2: REMOVE CASTING VOTE OF THE CHAIR OF THE BOARDThe Board aims to nurture constructive dialogue and debate among Board members and the Board’s philosophy is that deadlock should be resolved through exchange of opinions until consensus is reached. No Board member should have overriding rights and  therefore  the Board proposes to remove the casting vote of the Chair of the Board in the event of tie provided by article 444-4  2° (2) of the 1915 Law  and amend paragraph 7 of article 8 of the articles of association.The amended article 8 of the articles of association of the Company shall read as follows:Article 8. Meetings of the Board.The Board may choose a secretary  who need not be a director  and who shall be responsible for keeping minutes of the meetings of the Board and of the resolutions passed at the General Meeting.The Board will meet upon call by the Chair. A meeting of the board must be convened if any two Directors so require.The Chair shall preside at all meetings of the Board of the Company  except that in his absence the Board may elect by a simple majority of the Directors present another Director or a duly qualified third party as Chair of the relevant meeting.Except in cases of urgency or with the prior consent of all those entitled to attend  at least 3 (three) days' written notice of board meetings shall be given. Any such notice shall specify the time and place of the meeting and the nature of the business to be transacted. No such written notice is required if all the members of the Board are present or represented during the meeting and if they state to have been duly informed  and to have had full knowledge of the agenda of the meeting. The written notice may be waived by the consent in writings  whether in original  by telefax  or e-mail to which an electronic signature (which is valid under the Law) is affixed  of each member of the Board. Separate written notice shall not be required for meetings that are held at times and places determined in a schedule previously adopted by resolution of the Board.Every Board meeting shall be held in Luxembourg or at such other place as the Board may from time to time determine.Any member of the Board may act at any meeting of the Board by appointing in writing  whether in original  by telefax  or e-mail to which an electronic signature (which is valid under the Law) is affixed  another Director as his or her proxy.A quorum of the Board shall be the presence of 4 (four) of the Directors holding office. Decisions will be taken by the affirmative votes of a simple majority of the Directors present or represented. The Chair of the Board does not have a casting vote in the event of a tie.Notwithstanding the foregoing  a resolution of the Board may also be passed in writing  in case of urgency or where other exceptional circumstances so require. Such resolution shall be unanimously approved by the Directors and shall consist of one or several documents containing the resolutions either (i) signed manually or electronically by means of an electronic signature which is valid under Luxembourg law or (ii) agreed upon via a consent in writing by e-mail to which an electronic signature (which is valid under Luxembourg law) is affixed. The date of such a resolution shall be the date of the last signature or  if applicable  the last consent.Any Director may participate in a meeting of the Board by conference call  video conference or similar means of communication equipment whereby (i) the Directors attending the meeting can be identified  (ii) all persons participating in the meeting can hear and speak to each other  (iii) the transmission of the meeting is performed on an on-going basis and (iv) the directors can properly deliberate  and participating in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. A meeting of the Board held by such means of communication will be deemed to be held in Luxembourg.EGM- item 3: CHANGE THE DEFINITION FROM CHAIRMAN TO CHAIR OF THE BOARDThe Board proposed to adopt a more inclusive language  changing the definition from “Chairman” to “Chair”  and to amend articles 7  8  9 and 21 of the articles of association accordingly and further amend article 19 second sentence of Millicom’s articles of association to refer to the “chair of the annual General Meeting.EGM – item 4: FULL RESTATEMENT OF THE COMPANY'S ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATIONIt is proposed to fully restate the Articles incorporating the above changes approved at the EGM.The draft restated articles of association of the Company are available on the Company's website .Board of Directors April 17  2024The personal data of SDR holders and shareholders collected from the SDR/share register  notification of attendance to the AGM and EGM as well as information regarding representatives and advisors will be used for registration  drawing up of voting list for the AGM and EGM and  where applicable  minutes from the AGM and EGM. The personal data will be processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council).For more information  please contact:AGM/EGM Inquiries:Patrick Gill  Company Secretary+352 27 759 603Maria Florencia Maiori  Senior Legal Counselinformation@millicom.comPress:Sofia Corral  Director Corporate Communicationspress@millicom.com Investors:Michel Morin  VP Investor Relationsinvestors@millicom.comAbout MillicomMillicom (NASDAQ U.S.: TIGO  Nasdaq Stockholm: TIGO_SDB) is a leading provider of fixed and mobile telecommunications services in Latin America. Through our TIGO® and Tigo Business® brands  we provide a wide range of digital services and products  including TIGO Money for mobile financial services  TIGO Sports for local entertainment  TIGO ONEtv for pay TV  high-speed data  voice  and business-to-business solutions such as cloud and security. As of December 31  2023  Millicom  including its Honduras Joint Venture  employed approximately 16 500 people and provided mobile and fiber-cable services through its digital highways to more than 45 million customers  with a fiber-cable footprint over 13 million homes passed. Founded in 1990  Millicom International Cellular S.A. is headquartered in Luxembourg.1 However  notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein  the Bureau of the AGM/EGM shall have the discretionary power to exceptionally accept the voting of a shareholder or SDR holder at the AGM/EGM  even if the relevant proxy or notification form have a formal deficiency or was received after the deadlines contained herein.",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,negative,0.02,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Convening Notice', 'Shareholders', 'Blanca Treviño de Vega', 'MILLICOM INTERNATIONAL CELLULAR S.A.', 'Rue du Fort Bourbon', 'María Teresa Arnal', 'Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions', 'R.C.S. Luxembourg', 'Senior Management Remuneration Policy', 'subsequent extraordinary general meeting', 'Central European Time', 'unappropriated net profits', 'Share Repurchase Plan', 'share-based incentive plans', 'III. KEY DATES', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'Hotel Le Royal', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting Record Date', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'KPMG Audit SARL', 'external auditor remuneration', '2023 Remuneration Report', 'annual accounts', '12 Bd Royal', 'management reports', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Millicom employees', 'Convening Notice', 'Registered Address', 'Grand Duchy', 'I. NOTICE', 'section IV', 'section IX', 'detailed information', 'other members', 'consolidated accounts', 'legal reserve', 'remaining balance', 'Bruce Churchill', 'Tomas Eliasson', 'Mauricio Ramos', 'Thomas Reynaud', 'Aude Durand', 'Maxime Lombardini', 'Justine Dimovic', 'Directors’ remuneration', 'KPMG LLP', 'Nomination Committee', 'casting vote', 'inclusive language', 'foregoing resolutions', 'additional items', 'Conversion stoppage', 'Notification Form', 'IV. RIGHT', 'following persons', 'ticker symbol', 'Nasdaq US', '11:00 a', 'agenda points', 'II. AGENDA', 'Millicom shares', 'second sentence', 'Millicom Shareholders', 'The AGM', '49 Luxembourg', '2025 AGM', 'EGM', 'Company', 'Thursday', 'May', 'CET', 'proxy', 'instructions', 'Notes', 'proposals', 'chair', 'bureau', 'board', 'year', 'results', 'performance', 'mandates', 'number', 'term', 'period', 'event', 'tie', 'article', '1915 Law', 'paragraph', 'association', 'definition', 'amendments', 'Deadline', 'attendance', 'proxies', 'procedure', 'SDRs', 'TIGO', 'Inc.', 'Cede', 'DTCC']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39418,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.politico.eu/article/russian-assets-belgian-tax-authorities-ukraine-aid-eu-g7-euroclear/,Greedy Belgian taxman should keep hands off Russian assets  West tells Brussels,Ukraine’s allies slam Belgium’s plan to take €1.7 billion in tax. Brussels says it will send the cash to Kyiv anyway.,“Western officials of the coalition supporting Ukraine are growing increasingly frustrated with Belgium’s proposal to withhold 25 percent of the windfall profits from Russian sovereign assets under its own domestic taxation authorities ” a government official from a country in the G7 told POLITICO  hours before a meeting of the group’s finance ministers in Washington on Wednesday.The official spoke on condition they — and the country they represent — remain anonymous.Accounting trickPeople living in Belgium have a notorious relationship with tax authorities. While the corporate tax rate is slightly higher than the European average  its income tax burden is one of the highest in the EU. At an average of 40.35% for a single worker without children  it compares with 24.81% in the U.S. and 23.64% in the U.K  according to the OECD.Belgium is expected to levy over €1.7 billion in 2024 as corporate tax on the profits of immobilized Russian assets that are held by Euroclear  a securities depository based in Brussels.After being contacted by POLITICO  the Belgian government hit back at the other governments. It said while it was true that it was collecting the tax  it was planning on sending the money to Ukraine anyway.“Nothing goes to the Belgian Treasury ” a Belgian government official said. “49 percent of this amount goes to military equipment. Among other things  there is the €200 million to the Czech initiative [to purchase weapons for Ukraine] ”“Further spending goes to the reception of Ukrainian refugees  humanitarian and medical aid  reconstruction aid.”,negative,0.05,0.26,0.69,negative,0.02,0.34,0.63,True,English,"['Greedy Belgian taxman', 'Russian assets', 'hands', 'West', 'Brussels', 'domestic taxation authorities', 'income tax burden', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'corporate tax rate', 'Belgian government official', 'Russian assets', 'tax authorities', 'Belgian Treasury', 'Western officials', 'finance ministers', 'Accounting trick', 'notorious relationship', 'single worker', 'U.S.', 'U.K', 'securities depository', 'other governments', 'military equipment', 'other things', 'Czech initiative', 'Further spending', 'Ukrainian refugees', 'medical aid', 'reconstruction aid', 'windfall profits', 'European average', 'coalition', 'Ukraine', 'Belgium', 'proposal', '25 percent', 'country', 'G7', 'POLITICO', 'meeting', 'group', 'Washington', 'Wednesday', 'condition', 'People', 'children', 'OECD', 'Euroclear', 'Brussels', 'money', 'Nothing', '49 percent', 'amount', 'weapons', 'reception', 'humanitarian', '23.']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,politico.eu
39419,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-134500458.html,NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN TERRANET AB,N.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting in Terranet AB  and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish and the English translation ,"TerranetN.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting in Terranet AB  and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.The shareholders of Terranet AB  registration number 556707-2128  (the ""Company"") are hereby invited to the annual general meeting on 21 May 2024 at 11.00 a.m. at Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå's premises at Sveavägen 20  3 tr  in Stockholm. Registration starts at 10.45 am.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND REGISTRATIONShareholders who wish to attend the general meeting shall:ADVERTISEMENTbe entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on 13 May 2024  and;notify the Company of their attendance at the general meeting no later than 15 May 2024 by e-mail to pal.eriksson@terranet.se or by letter to Terranet AB  Mobilvägen 10  223 62 Lund  Sweden  marking the envelope with ""Annual General Meeting 2024"". In the notification  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate identity number  address and telephone number and  where applicable  information about assistants (maximum 2).NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must register their shares in their own name in order to be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and is requested from the nominee according to the nominee's procedures. Voting rights registrations completed (registered with Euroclear Sweden AB) no later than 15 May 2024 are taken into account in the preparation of the share register.PROXYShareholders who are represented by a proxy shall issue a written authorization for the proxy  signed and dated by the shareholder. The period of validity of the authorization shall not exceed five years if specifically stated. If no period of validity is specified  the authorization is valid for a maximum of one year. If the authorization is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent for the legal entity must be attached. The original power of attorney and any registration certificate should be sent by post to the Company at the above address well in advance of the meeting. The proxy form is available on the Company's website (www.terranet.se) no later than three weeks before the meeting.Story continuesPROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of the chairman of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Election of one or more adjusters5. Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened6. Approval of the agenda7. Presentation of the annual accounts and the audit report  as well as the consolidated accounts and the audit report on the consolidated accounts.8. Resolution ona) Adoption of the profit and loss account  balance sheet and consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheetb) Allocation of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet and the adopted consolidated balance sheet.c) Decision to discharge the members of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer from liability9. Determination of the number of members of the board members and auditor10. Determination of the remuneration of the Board of Directors and auditor11. Election of the Board of Directors  auditors and potential deputies12. Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a new issue of shares  warrants and/or convertibles13. Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to make minor adjustments to the resolutions adopted by the General Meeting14. Closure of the meetingPROPOSED RESOLUTIONS FROM THE ELECTION COMMITTEEPrior to the general meeting  the Nomination Committee was established by the Chairman of the Board of Directors contacting the shareholders who were the three largest shareholders in the Company as of 31 August 2023  who appointed one member each to the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee for the 2024 annual general meeting has consisted of Julian Aleksov  Chairman of the Nomination Committee  appointed by Maida Vale Capital AB  Michael Knutsson  appointed by Knutsson Holdings AB  Fredrik Olsson  own holding  Torgny Hellström  Chairman of the Board of Terranet AB. The members are appointed by shareholders who as of 31 March 2024 together represented approximately 17.86 percent of the votes for all shares in the Company. The nomination committee proposes the following:Item 2 - Election of the chairman of the meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that attorney Mark Falkner at Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB is elected as chairman and keeper of the minutes at the annual general meeting or  if he is prevented from doing so  the person he appoints.Item 9 - Determination of the number of board members and auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of six (6) members without deputies.The Nomination Committee further proposes that the Company shall have a registered accounting firm as auditor.Item 10 - Determination of the remuneration of the Board of Directors and auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the Board of Directors shall be paid with SEK 175 000 to each of the members elected by the general meeting who are not employed by the Company or the group and with SEK 475 000 to the chairman of the board.The nomination committee proposes that a remuneration of SEK 25 000 shall be paid to each of the members of the remuneration committee (maximum 3 members). The nomination committee further proposes that a remuneration of SEK 60 000 shall be paid to each of the members of the audit committee (maximum 2 members) and that a remuneration of SEK 100 000 shall be paid to the chairman of the audit committee.The auditor's fee shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 11 - Election of the Board of Directors  auditors and potential deputiesThe Nomination Committee proposes that Torgny Hellström  Anders Blom  Magnus Edman  Mats Fägerhag  Tarek Shoeb and Nils Wollny are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The Nomination Committee further proposes that Torgny Hellström is re-elected as chairman of the board.Furthermore  it is proposed to re-elect the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young Aktiebolag (""E&Y"") as the Company's auditor for the period until the end of the annual general meeting 2025. E&Y has notified that the authorized public accountant Martin Henriksson will be the auditor in charge.PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSItem 8b - Resolution on allocation of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet and the adopted consolidated balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that all funds at the disposal of the annual general meeting be carried forward.Item 12 - Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a new issue of shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors of the Company proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  resolve to issue shares of series B  warrants and/or convertibles with the right to subscribe for or convert shares of series B  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  within the limits of the articles of association applicable at any given time  to be paid in cash  in kind and/or by set-off.That the Board of Directors shall be able to decide on a new share issue without preferential rights for the shareholders as described above is primarily for the purpose of being able to raise new capital to increase the Company's flexibility for financing.For the resolution to be valid  the proposal must be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the annual general meeting.Item 13 - Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to make minor adjustments to the resolutions adopted by the General MeetingThe Board of Directors proposes that the meeting authorizes the Board of Directors  the CEO or the person otherwise appointed by the Board of Directors to make such minor adjustments and clarifications of the resolutions adopted at the meeting to the extent required for registration of the resolutions.OTHERDocuments and informationThe notice  accounting documents  auditor's report and proxy form will be available to shareholders at the Company three weeks before the meeting and will be sent free of charge to shareholders who request it and state their postal address. The documents will also be published on the Company's website  www.terranet.se  no later than the same day.According to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act  shareholders have the right to request information from the Board of Directors and the CEO regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or the Company's financial situation. The Board of Directors and the managing director shall disclose such information if the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without significant harm to the Company.Processing of personal dataThe personal data collected from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  received notifications and information about proxies and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the general meeting and  where applicable  the minutes of the meeting. For further information on how your personal data is processed  see www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf.Number of shares and votesAt the time of the publication of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 898 003 007  divided into 1 084 063 series A shares and 896 919 944 series B shares. Each series A share entitles to two (2) votes and each series B share entitles to one (1) vote._____________________________Lund in April2024Terranet ABBoard of DirectorsFor more information  please contactMagnus Andersson CEOEmail: magnus.andersson@terranet.seAbout Terranet AB (publ)Terranet is on a mission to save lives in urban traffic.We develop breakthrough tech solutions for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) and Autonomous Vehicles (AV) that protect vulnerable road users.With a unique and patented vision technology  Terranet’s anti-collision system BlincVision scans and detects road objects multiple times faster and with higher accuracy than any other ADAS technology available today.Terranet is based in Lund  Sweden  and in the heart of the European automotive industry in Stuttgart  Germany. The company is listed on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market since 2017(Nasdaq: TERRNT-B).Follow our journey at www.terranet.seCertified Adviser to Terranet is Mangold Fondkommission AB 08-503 015 50  ca@mangold.se.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'TERRANET AB', 'NOTICE', 'Maida Vale Capital AB', 'Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Torgny Hellström', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Knutsson Holdings AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'attorney Mark Falkner', 'corporate identity number', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'annual general meeting', 'three largest shareholders', 'The Nomination Committee', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'annual accounts', 'voting list', 'Michael Knutsson', 'Terranet AB', 'consolidated accounts', 'N.B.', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'English translation', 'Sveavägen', 'share register', 'pal.eriksson', 'Mobilvägen', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'original power', 'audit report', 'new issue', 'minor adjustments', 'Julian Aleksov', 'Fredrik Olsson', 'telephone number', 'consolidated profit', 'terranet.se', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'one year', 'one member', 'ELECTION COMMITTEE', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'potential deputies', 'PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS', 'six (6) members', 'loss account', 'state name', 'written authorization', 'proxy form', 'board members', 'notice', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'Company', '21 May', '11.00 a', 'premises', '3 tr', 'Stockholm', 'PARTICIPATE', 'ADVERTISEMENT', '13 May', 'attendance', '15 May', 'mail', 'letter', '223 62 Lund', 'envelope', 'notification', 'personal', 'address', 'information', 'assistants', 'order', 'procedures', 'preparation', 'period', 'validity', 'maximum', 'copy', 'post', 'advance', 'website', 'Story', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'approval', 'adjusters', 'Examination', 'Presentation', 'Adoption', 'Allocation', 'Decision', 'Directors', 'liability', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'remuneration', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closure', '31 August', '31 March', '17.86 percent', 'votes', 'Item', 'keeper', 'minutes', '10.45', '5.', '9.']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,uk.finance.yahoo.com
39420,Euroclear,Bing API,https://tass.com/world/1776877,G7 countries to continue examining possible ways of using frozen Russian assets,G7 countries are also set to take measures to counter alleged attempts to circumvent its price cap on Russian oil,"WASHINGTON  April 18. /TASS/. G7 countries will continue examining the possible use of immobilized Russian assets under their jurisdictions for supporting Ukraine  G7 finance ministers and Central Bank chiefs said in a joint statement after a meeting in Washington.""Russia’s sovereign assets in our jurisdictions will remain immobilized "" the document says. ""We will continue working on all possible avenues by which immobilized Russian sovereign assets could be made use of to support Ukraine.""The financial officials will update G7 leaders on the issue in the run-up to the G7 Summit in Italy’s Apula in June.The sides also welcomed the EU proposals to direct the extraordinary revenues stemming from Russia’s sovereign immobilized assets for the benefit of Ukraine. They also welcomed the steps taken by the UK and US to impose restrictions on the trade of Russian base metals on their global metal exchanges.The EU  the US  Japan and Canada have frozen Russian assets worth a total amount of around $300 bln. Around $5-6 bln of these assets are held at US securities depositories  while the bulk of the assets are in Europe  including at the Euroclear international securities depository in Belgium.Earlier  the European Commission greenlighted a proposal on using revenues from blocked Russian funds for aid to Kiev. EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Josep Borrell said that the initiative meant using 90% of Russia’s revenues to purchase shells for Ukraine and putting the other 10% into the EU’s budget for further support of Ukraine’s military and industrial complex. The first transfer could be made as early as in July. Russian Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said earlier that if the West used frozen Russian assets the Bank of Russia would take respective measures to protect its interests.Governor of the Bank of Russia Elvira Nabiullina said at the end of March that if the West uses frozen Russian assets  the Bank of Russia will take appropriate measures to protect its interests.Price cap on Russian oilG7 countries are also set to take measures to counter alleged attempts to circumvent its price cap on Russian oil.According to the document  G7 nations ""remain committed to taking further enforcement actions in response to oil price cap violations.""This includes ""sanctioning those engaged in deceptive practices while transporting Russian oil"" and taking action against unspecified ""networks"" that Russia had allegedly ""developed to extract additional revenues from evasion.""At the same time  the officials claimed that the oil price cap ""has been successful in supporting stability in energy markets.""The document also claims that Western sanctions imposed on Russia ""have reduced its capacity"" to engage in military actions and allegedly ""significantly affected its economy.""""We remain committed to implementing and enforcing further financial and economic sanctions and to countering attempts to evade or circumvent our measures  including by taking action against third-country actors who seek to undermine them  where appropriate "" the G7 finance chiefs said. ""We will continue to develop measures to prevent Russia from acquiring advanced materials  technology  and equipment for its military industrial base.""The EU countries  the Group of Seven (G7)  and Australia  on December 5  2022  together with the embargo  set a price cap on Russian oil at $60 per barrel  prohibiting their subordinate ships and territories from transporting by sea and insuring oil sold above this level. From February 5  2023  similar restrictions began to apply to the supply of oil products from Russia  with their maximum price set at $100 and $45 per barrel  depending on the category. Russia  in turn  stated that it does not recognize the conditions of the price cap  and that its companies will not supply oil to countries under this mechanism.Meanwhile  based on the results of 2023  the majority of both Russian and world experts came to the conclusion that the price cap does not work. According to the Russian Ministry of Economic Development  the average price for Urals oil in February was $69 per barrel.",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.04,mixed,0.11,0.33,0.56,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'G7 countries', 'possible ways', 'Russian Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina', 'Euroclear international securities depository', 'oil price cap violations', 'Central Bank chiefs', 'global metal exchanges', 'Russian base metals', 'G7 finance ministers', 'G7 finance chiefs', 'US securities depositories', 'EU High Representative', 'sovereign immobilized assets', 'frozen Russian assets', 'military industrial base', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'Russian oil', 'industrial complex', 'Russian funds', 'Russian Ministry', 'maximum price', 'average price', 'G7 leaders', 'G7 Summit', 'G7 nations', 'oil products', 'Urals oil', 'G7 countries', 'joint statement', 'possible avenues', 'EU proposals', 'The EU', 'total amount', 'European Commission', 'Foreign Affairs', 'Security Policy', 'Josep Borrell', 'first transfer', 'enforcement actions', 'deceptive practices', 'unspecified ""networks', 'same time', 'energy markets', 'Western sanctions', 'military actions', 'economic sanctions', 'third-country actors', 'advanced materials', 'subordinate ships', 'world experts', 'Economic Development', 'EU countries', 'possible use', 'extraordinary revenues', 'alleged attempts', 'additional revenues', 'similar restrictions', 'respective measures', 'appropriate measures', 'financial officials', 'WASHINGTON', 'April', 'TASS', 'jurisdictions', 'Ukraine', 'meeting', 'document', 'issue', 'run-up', 'Italy', 'Apula', 'June', 'sides', 'benefit', 'steps', 'trade', 'Japan', 'Canada', 'bulk', 'Belgium', 'aid', 'Kiev', 'initiative', 'shells', 'budget', 'support', 'July', 'interests', 'end', 'March', 'response', 'evasion', 'stability', 'capacity', 'economy', 'technology', 'equipment', 'Group', 'Seven', 'Australia', 'December', 'embargo', 'barrel', 'territories', 'sea', 'level', 'February', 'supply', 'category', 'turn', 'conditions', 'companies', 'mechanism', 'results', 'majority', 'conclusion']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,tass.com
39421,Euroclear,Bing API,https://tass.com/world/1776845,EU leaders urge to adopt proposal on using incomes from frozen Russian assets for Ukraine,BRUSSELS  April 18. /TASS/. The heads of EU states and governments  who gathered for an emergency summit in Brussels  urged in their final statement to swiftly adopt the European Commission’s proposals on using incomes from frozen Russian assets for the benefit of Ukraine.,"BRUSSELS  April 18. /TASS/. The heads of EU states and governments  who gathered for an emergency summit in Brussels  urged in their final statement to swiftly adopt the European Commission’s proposals on using incomes from frozen Russian assets for the benefit of Ukraine.""The European Council welcomes progress on the proposals to direct extraordinary revenues stemming from Russia’s immobilized assets for the benefit of Ukraine and calls for their swift adoption "" the document says.The EU  the US  Japan and Canada have frozen Russian assets worth a total amount of around $300 bln. Around $5-6 bln of these assets are held at US securities depositories  while the bulk of the assets are in Europe  including at the Euroclear international securities depository in Belgium.Earlier  the European Commission greenlighted a proposal on using revenues from blocked Russian funds for aid to Kiev. EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Josep Borrell said that the initiative meant using 90% of Russia’s revenues to purchase shells for Ukraine and putting the other 10% into the EU’s budget for further support of Ukraine’s military and industrial complex. The first transfer could be made as early as in July. Russian Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said earlier that if the West used frozen Russian assets the Bank of Russia would take respective measures to protect its interests.Governor of the Bank of Russia Elvira Nabiullina said at the end of March that if the West uses frozen Russian assets  the Bank of Russia will take appropriate measures to protect its interests.",neutral,0.1,0.77,0.12,negative,0.03,0.27,0.69,True,English,"['EU leaders', 'Russian assets', 'proposal', 'incomes', 'Ukraine', 'Russian Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina', 'Euroclear international securities depository', 'US securities depositories', 'EU High Representative', 'The European Council', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian funds', 'European Commission', 'EU states', 'emergency summit', 'final statement', 'swift adoption', 'total amount', 'Foreign Affairs', 'Security Policy', 'Josep Borrell', 'industrial complex', 'first transfer', 'respective measures', 'appropriate measures', 'immobilized assets', 'extraordinary revenues', 'BRUSSELS', 'April', 'TASS', 'heads', 'governments', 'proposals', 'incomes', 'benefit', 'Ukraine', 'progress', 'document', 'Japan', 'Canada', 'bulk', 'Belgium', 'aid', 'Kiev', 'initiative', 'shells', 'budget', 'support', 'military', 'July', 'West', 'interests', 'end', 'March']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,tass.com
39422,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/a21933c86e6b22a4,Deutsche Börse’s Post-Trade Business Clearstream to Invest in FinTech Startup Digital Vault Services,Clearstream  Deutsche Börse’s post-trade business is investing an undisclosed amount in the fintech start-up Digital Vault Services (DVS). Deutsche Börse  one of Europe’s biggest exchange operators  said the Clearstream investment is subject to applicable reg…,Clearstream  Deutsche Börse’s post-trade business is investing an undisclosed amount in the fintech start-up Digital Vault Services (DVS).Deutsche Börse  one of Europe’s biggest exchange operators  said the Clearstream investment is subject to applicable regulatory approvals and finalization of legal documentation.The funding will be used by Digital Vault Services to…This story appeared on cryptonews.com   .,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.87,0.05,True,English,"['FinTech Startup Digital Vault Services', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Post-Trade Business Clearstream', 'fintech start-up Digital Vault Services', 'Deutsche Börse', 'biggest exchange operators', 'applicable regulatory approvals', 'post-trade business', 'undisclosed amount', 'legal documentation', 'Clearstream investment', 'DVS', 'Europe', 'finalization', 'funding', 'story', 'cryptonews.']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,biztoc.com
39423,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/100411/clearstream-invests-in-digital-vault-services,Clearstream invests in Digital Vault Services,Clearstream  Deutsche Börse’s post-trade business  intends to make an investment in Digital Vault Services (DVS)  a pioneering fintech offering issuance and safekeeping services for digital bank guarantees and sureties in Europe.,Source: ClearstreamClearstream  Deutsche Börse’s post-trade business  intends to make an investment in Digital Vault Services (DVS)  a pioneering fintech offering issuance and safekeeping services for digital bank guarantees and sureties in Europe.The investment is subject to applicable regulatory approvals and finalisation of legal documentation.The investment enables DVS to further enhance and broaden its offering as a market infrastructure solution for corporates and financial institutions. The mid-term plan will be to integrate DVS’s Guarantee Vault with D7  the digital post-trade platform of Deutsche Börse and its post-trade business Clearstream. This will allow D7 for the first time to expand its digital asset product portfolio to non-securities.With DVS’s established offering in Europe coupled with Clearstream’s leverage and experience offering market infrastructure solutions and connectivity  both parties seek to bring added value to the trade finance ecosystem of corporates  banks and insurers.Jens Hachmeister  Head of Issuer Services & New Digital Markets at Clearstream  said: “Digital leadership is a central part of Deutsche Börse Group’s Horizon 2026 strategy. The companies’ shared commitment to market innovation makes DVS a perfect fit for Deutsche Börse and Clearstream. We are convinced that DVS’s innovative approach to digital bank guarantees  combined with D7’s track record in digitising securities and Clearstream’s central role in global financial markets  will drive significant growth and deliver value for our clients and ultimately the entire financial industry.”Ludger Janssen  Co-CEO of Digital Vault Services  added: “Clearstream has emerged as a strategic ally for DVS  echoing our dedication to streamlining processes and recognizing the transformative potential of digitisation in the financial industry  in particular with regards to guarantee management. With technology as our foundation  together with Clearstream and our central and digital guarantee registry  we foresee a unique end-to-end solution that disrupts and modernises outdated procedures with unparalleled efficiency.”Jaime Gimeno  Co-CEO of Digital Vault Services  added: “Back in 2018  when designing a solution to the cumbersome paper-based process for issuing and storing guarantees  we took inspiration from the central securities depository model used in the securities industry. This strategic partnership with Clearstream now represents a major milestone in our growth journey towards becoming the recognized market infrastructure solution for guarantees in Europe. As we move forward the partnership also positions DVS for exciting new use cases and instruments.”The investment will be done in exchange for a minority stake and is expected to be completed in H2/2024  subject to applicable regulatory approvals and finalisation of legal documentation.Digitising financial marketsToday’s financial markets are highly fragmented with isolated technology solutions  resulting in slow processes  high error rates and costs for all market participants. Digital solutions aim to counter these problems by connecting networks and market players across system boundaries  thereby boosting transparency  process efficiency and technology interoperability.Deutsche Börse and its post-trade business Clearstream provide with their digital post-trade platform D7 a fully digital alternative to conventional physical issuance and managing of financial securities  reducing the time-to-market for securities from days to minutes.With its Guarantee Vaults product  DVS provides a digital solution allowing corporates to centrally issue and store bank guarantees that are required across different segments as industry standard.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.27,0.24,True,English,"['Digital Vault Services', 'Clearstream', 'exciting new use cases', 'digital asset product portfolio', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'pioneering fintech offering issuance', 'central securities depository model', 'conventional physical issuance', 'applicable regulatory approvals', 'trade finance ecosystem', 'high error rates', 'New Digital Markets', 'cumbersome paper-based process', 'digital post-trade platform', 'Digital Vault Services', 'market infrastructure solutions', 'global financial markets', 'digital guarantee registry', 'isolated technology solutions', 'entire financial industry', 'digital bank guarantees', 'Digital solutions', 'Vaults product', 'Digital leadership', 'digital alternative', 'Guarantee Vault', 'safekeeping services', 'Issuer Services', 'process efficiency', 'post-trade business', 'financial institutions', 'market innovation', 'market participants', 'market players', 'central part', 'central role', 'industry standard', 'end solution', 'financial securities', 'securities industry', 'legal documentation', 'mid-term plan', 'Jens Hachmeister', 'Horizon 2026 strategy', 'perfect fit', 'innovative approach', 'track record', 'significant growth', 'Ludger Janssen', 'strategic ally', 'transformative potential', 'guarantee management', 'unique end', 'outdated procedures', 'unparalleled efficiency', 'Jaime Gimeno', 'major milestone', 'growth journey', 'minority stake', 'system boundaries', 'technology interoperability', 'different segments', 'first time', 'added value', 'strategic partnership', 'slow processes', 'Source', 'Clearstream', 'investment', 'DVS', 'sureties', 'Europe', 'finalisation', 'corporates', 'D7', 'leverage', 'experience', 'connectivity', 'parties', 'banks', 'insurers', 'Head', 'commitment', 'digitising', 'clients', 'Co-CEO', 'dedication', 'digitisation', 'regards', 'foundation', 'storing', 'inspiration', 'instruments', 'exchange', 'H2/20', 'costs', 'problems', 'networks', 'transparency', 'managing', 'days', 'minutes']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,finextra.com
39424,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.waterstechnology.com/market-access/data/7951773/deutsche-borse-democratizes-data-with-marketplace-offering,Deutsche Börse democratizes data with Marketplace offering,Deutsche Börse Group is set to unveil its Marketplace  a one-stop data shop designed to simplify and streamline data acquisition and consumption for its clients,Deutsche Börse Group (DBG) is set to unveil its Marketplace  a one-stop data shop designed to simplify and streamline data acquisition and consumption for its clients  while also surfacing data from across the firm to its own users. Jan Stiebing and Sven Wohlfarth discuss the thinking behind the initiative and the problems it intends to solve for its customers.DBG is on the cusp of launching its data Marketplace. What is the premise of the Marketplace and how did it come about?Jan Stiebing  Deutsche BörseJan Stiebing  head of business strategy and mergers and acquisitions  Deutsche Börse Market Data + Services (MD+S): The notion of bringing together data consumers and producers is nothing new. What is new are the technological advancements and how data management and governance are changing along with this  which enables us to improve internal and external data sharing. What typically took a lot of time and effort due to data sitting in multiple silos is now much more streamlined. So  there are internal as well as external “time-to-value” arguments to be made. When we talk about launching our Marketplace  it doesn’t mean we want to be the new Bloomberg or Refinitiv—it’s more about streamlining internal processes and making data more easily available  accessible and discoverable; internally initially  but then also externally so we can address past limitations.You didn’t mention “data catalogs”—many capital markets firms are creating their own internal data catalogs as a means of surfacing and sharing data across the business. To what extent is DBG’s Marketplace going to be a glorified data catalog that surfaces and “advertises” data to existing and prospective consumers?Jan Stiebing: A data catalog as a tool for a specific data domain is something many people within DBG are familiar with. What we intend to implement now is a central data catalog spanning essentially all of DBG’s entities. We have many entities—some are regulated  some are not  some we’ve acquired  and some we’ve grown organically—so it’s a heterogeneous landscape  which is similar to many other companies. But now we are aiming to create a central data catalog where all our data comes together in a way that doesn’t require everyone to have a strictly harmonized architectural setup  but rather taking what is already there and introducing federated governance  which is all about balancing central and non-central powers  and making sure it all still comes together and complies with regulatory requirements. This  in combination with a more domain-oriented governance and looking at data-as-a-product  is very powerful in enabling everyone in the organization to do their best when it comes to data.If I had to name one thing that has been made very clear by generative artificial intelligence—known as GenAI—and all the recent technology advances  it’s that data quality is the critical foundation for sustainable insights.That’s a good point—pulling together data from across the organization and surfacing it through a single portal is only half the challenge. The other half centers on data quality and ensuring the data being offered to consumers is clean  consistent and accurate.Jan Stiebing: Correct. Just connecting data is not enough. You have to think about what it is going to be used for and what happens to it afterwards. It’s a matter of data quality  data management and data governance all together. The data catalog is just one piece of a bigger puzzle about what we do with data to make it more transparent about where it sits  what it represents  where and how it was sourced  where it goes and what happens to it.DBG is in the process of reorganizing itself into what it describes as a “data-driven organization”. Can you explain the thinking behind that initiative  what it means practically within the organization and how it came about?Sven Wohlfarth  Deutsche BörseSven Wohlfarth  head of data services operations  Deutsche Börse: Just over a year ago  we announced a strategic partnership with Google and one objective of that project was to create a group-wide data-driven organization. Essentially  it’s a group-wide approach to establishing a data mesh. Not all entities within DBG will be part of the data mesh from the outset  although the big ones will be. For a data mesh to be fit for purpose  you need clear  consistently applied and embraced data governance across the entire organization. Creating a data-driven organization is therefore 99% cultural. Once you have good data governance and you have created a data mesh  then you can establish a marketplace  which allows you to license data externally.Our Marketplace has two views: there’s an internal view and an external [client-facing] view with three examples of data offerings—a Clearstream data business  an MD+S business and an application programming interface platform. They are scattered around the organization and there are many entry points at which customers can license our data or retrieve information about our data  and the idea is to consolidate that.Has there been a lot of standardization and consolidation going on as a means of simplifying and improving efficiencies across DBG’s entire data domain?Sven Wohlfarth: Yes. From an internal perspective  it’s quite interesting how we see the Marketplace. It doesn’t make much sense for Clearstream to build its own marketplace or data shop. Similarly  it doesn’t make much sense for Kneip to have yet another data shop with another logo and SAP processes behind it. The idea is to leverage what is already there and create organizational efficiencies.On the tech side  the Marketplace is the first cloud-based approach with common standards. Prior to that  we had various versions of the cloud—a DBG version  a Eurex version and a Clearstream version. They all had different rules and checks in place. Now it’s centralized  it is very efficient  and it provides a secure approach to sharing data  licensing data and making that data available on a global scale.What will the Marketplace proposition look like in its early stages?Sven Wohlfarth: We will start with a few customers  but we have to go to them with an offer so we can begin a conversation about how we can match our offer with their demands. Remember  there are already data marketplaces available  such as Snowflake and Databricks  and some of our customers already use those services. The idea is to have a central point where we locate all of our data and then distribute it to exactly where our customers are. We want to make it as convenient as possible for them to consume our data so they don’t think about going elsewhere. If a customer wants their data at 4am  they know it will be there and it will be of super high quality.What do you see as the problems the Marketplace solves for DBG’s customers?Sven Wohlfarth: There are a few. Some customers subscribe to large volumes of data  which can be complex to ship or download. With our Google Cloud setup and the whole cloud-native approach  it’s super easy to share large volumes of data. That’s one area we make it as convenient as possible for our customers—it’s secure and easy  and you don’t need to be a data scientist to download our data and integrate it into your processes.The second example is our contracts and the way we manage subscriptions. When it comes to terms and conditions  the idea is to have a single standardized format so  if a client wants to add another product  it doesn’t come with its own terms and conditions. Typically  when a firm subscribes to data and it’s a new contact  they are required to involve their legal team. But  if there is a standardized approach to licensing data  it’s easier from a procurement perspective for our customers to leverage all of the data products we have at the moment  because it doesn’t involve 20 different people—you just speak to the Marketplace operators. That approach makes the entire end-to-end process as convenient as possible for our customers.Do you have anything to add with respect to the benefits to users?Jan Stiebing: I would say there are two core benefits. The first is around providing a single gateway into DBG’s rich data trove. Currently  if you’re a trading member of one or more of our businesses such as Eurex  Xetra or Clearstream  you have separate accounts and dashboards—you don’t have an integrated view of what you’re doing with us. But financial markets transactions are connected  right? So having the ability to see your pre-trade  at-trade and post-trade data across all asset classes will be a huge benefit.The second benefit is more and faster data innovation because we are streamlining the processes behind the data product life cycle and implementing governance and technology changes around it. Right now  we depend on data being discoverable and finding the right person to provide access rights before you can even start building new data products and services. There is so much more value in the business  which is yet to be realized because our data is not fully accessible and/or sharable. Providing a secure place from where we can share data across clouds and individual businesses with our clients and allowing users to bring their own data supports greater insight  which has not been possible so far. It will be easier for users to access data because it is in one place and there will also be more insights because it will become easier to interact with the data. We are very excited about laying the foundation in 2024 for future innovation from data and artificial intelligence. Look out for more news on our Marketplace to come.,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.28,0.2,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Marketplace offering', 'data', 'Deutsche Börse Market Data + Services', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'application programming interface platform', 'many capital markets firms', 'data services operations', 'generative artificial intelligence', 'recent technology advances', 'many entry points', 'external [client-facing] view', 'many other companies', 'one-stop data shop', 'external data sharing', 'specific data domain', 'glorified data catalog', 'Clearstream data business', 'central data catalog', 'good data governance', 'group-wide data-driven organization', 'many people', 'good point', 'other half', 'group-wide approach', 'central powers', 'many entities', 'internal view', 'Jan Stiebing', 'Sven Wohlfarth', 'business strategy', 'technological advancements', 'multiple silos', 'new Bloomberg', 'past limitations', 'heterogeneous landscape', 'architectural setup', 'federated governance', 'regulatory requirements', 'domain-oriented governance', 'one thing', 'critical foundation', 'sustainable insights', 'single portal', 'one piece', 'bigger puzzle', 'strategic partnership', 'one objective', 'two views', 'three examples', 'MD+S business', 'data acquisition', 'data management', 'data quality', 'data mesh', 'data offerings', 'prospective consumers', 'data consumers', 'entire organization', 'internal processes', 'internal data', 'data catalogs', 'data Marketplace', 'DBG', 'consumption', 'clients', 'users', 'thinking', 'initiative', 'problems', 'customers', 'cusp', 'premise', 'head', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'notion', 'producers', 'lot', 'time', 'effort', 'value', 'arguments', 'Refinitiv', 'means', 'extent', 'existing', 'tool', 'something', 'way', 'everyone', 'combination', 'product', 'GenAI', 'challenge', 'matter', 'Google', 'project', 'outset', 'purpose', 'information', 'idea']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,waterstechnology.com
39425,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SIMCORP-1413016/news/SimCorp-partners-with-Quoniam-Asset-Management-46455494/,SimCorp : partners with Quoniam Asset Management,(marketscreener.com)   Christian Kromann   Chief Executive Officer at SimCorp   SimCorp enters significant partnership with Quoniam Asset Management to transform investment operations.   Frankfurt  London  17 April 2024 - SimCorp today announced a …,"Christian Kromann Chief Executive Officer at SimCorp SimCorp enters significant partnership with Quoniam Asset Management to transform investment operations. Frankfurt  London  17 April 2024 - SimCorp today announced a new business partnership with Quoniam Asset Management (Quoniam) to transform their investment management operations. Quoniam Asset Management  based in Frankfurt  is a leading quantitative asset manager with over 20 billion euros in assets under management  and 25 years of experience in active systematic investment strategies. The company's innovative  science-based investment solutions for institutional clients build on machine learning and big data and are supported by best-in-class technology.Our lighthouse partnership with SimCorp empowers Quoniam to focus completely on adding value for our clients by creating innovative  science-based investment solutions which utilize best market practices in technology and operational efficiency. Nigel CresswellChief Executive Officer at Quoniam Asset ManagementNigel Cresswell Chief Executive Officer at Quoniam Asset Management As part of the new partnership  SimCorp will provide an operational solution for Quoniam that combines the asset manager's proprietary research and portfolio construction capabilities with the functionality of SimCorp's enterprise Software as a Service (SaaS) platform.SimCorp will not only deliver its core SaaS platform  but also a suite of technology-enabled business services for data management and investment operations.Through these services  SimCorp will be responsible for data management services for investment operations including market and reference data  as well as undertaking their entire post-trade operations and related operational and regulatory reporting. By outsourcing operational activities to SimCorp  Quoniam can concentrate entirely on its core investment activities.""Our lighthouse partnership with SimCorp empowers Quoniam to focus completely on adding value for our clients by creating innovative  science-based investment solutions which utilize best market practices in technology and operational efficiency. Meta-themes such as AI  cloud  and big data are exponentially increasing the demands on all asset managers and this lighthouse project with SimCorp is an integral component of our digital transformation strategy to ensure that Quoniam remains at the cutting edge of the industry "" said Nigel Cresswell  Chief Executive Officer at Quoniam Asset Management.""With SimCorp assuming responsibility for the entire middle office operations lifecycle through our business process services  we're increasing Quoniam's operational efficiency with high levels of automation. We're excited to support Quoniam in this transformation and provide a future-proof solution that supports their growth "" said Christian Kromann  Chief Executive Officer at SimCorp.There is a growing demand for holistic SaaS solutions and outsourcing of non-core business processes  empowering clients to efficiently select the services they need along the investment management value chain. Christian KromannChief Executive Officer at SimCorpQuoniam's decision to outsource their middle office operations represents a significant trend within the investment management industry. According to the 2024 Global InvestOps Report  which surveyed 200 buy-side executives worldwide about their operations  60 percent stated that focusing on core activities by outsourcing standardized tasks is key to maintaining or growing their assets under management.Nearly half of the respondents in the survey (45%) stated that they are reviewing their existing operating model  with three-quarters of those re-evaluating their operating model identifying the need to reduce operating costs as a primary factor. Other significant drivers for the assessment included the complexity of managing regulatory compliance (61%) and the improvement of data management and analytics (52%).""There is a growing demand for holistic SaaS solutions and outsourcing of non-core business processes  empowering clients to efficiently select the services they need along the investment management value chain. We view our new partnership with Quoniam as a strategic milestone. It showcases our innovative approach  combining one of the strongest platforms in the industry  enhanced by an array of technology-enabled services "" said Kromann.About Quoniam Asset Management Quoniam is a leading quantitative asset manager with over €20 billion in assets under management and over 120 employees in offices in Frankfurt and London.The company has pioneered active systematic investing solutions for institutional clients in Germany and beyond for the past 25 years. The use of artificial intelligence  machine learning and big data are an integral part of its quantitative investment processes as well as the use of an innovative research cloud technology. Quoniam is an independent institutional asset manager  majority-owned by Union Investment and its managing partners.For further information please visit: www.quoniam.com About SimCorp SimCorp is a provider of industry-leading integrated investment management solutions for the global buy side. Founded in 1971  with more than 3 000 employees across five continents  we are a truly global technology leader who empowers 40 of the world's top 100 financial companies through our integrated platform  services  and partner ecosystem. SimCorp is a subsidiary of Deutsche Boerse Group. For more information  see www.simcorp.com. Media Contact: Søren Rathlou Top  Global PR Manager at SimCorpTel: +45 31 15 87 06Email: Soren.r.top@simcorp.comSøren Rathlou Top  Global PR Manager at SimCorpTel: +45 31 15 87 06Email:",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['Quoniam Asset Management', 'SimCorp', 'partners', 'Nigel Cresswell Chief Executive Officer', 'entire middle office operations lifecycle', 'Christian Kromann Chief Executive Officer', 'active systematic investing solutions', 'active systematic investment strategies', 'innovative, science-based investment solutions', 'leading quantitative asset manager', 'independent institutional asset manager', 'investment management value chain', 'innovative research cloud technology', 'quantitative investment processes', 'entire post-trade operations', 'holistic SaaS solutions', 'portfolio construction capabilities', '2024 Global InvestOps Report', 'non-core business processes', 'investment management operations', 'best market practices', 'Other significant drivers', 'core investment activities', 'core SaaS platform', 'digital transformation strategy', 'business process services', 'existing operating model', 'new business partnership', 'technology-enabled business services', 'Quoniam Asset Management', 'investment management industry', 'data management services', 'investment operations', 'innovative approach', 'SaaS) platform', 'Union Investment', 'asset managers', 'core activities', 'proprietary research', 'significant partnership', 'new partnership', 'technology-enabled services', 'operational activities', 'significant trend', 'operating costs', 'lighthouse partnership', 'big data', 'reference data', '20 billion euros', 'institutional clients', 'machine learning', 'class technology', 'operational efficiency', 'operational solution', 'enterprise Software', 'related operational', 'regulatory reporting', 'lighthouse project', 'integral component', 'cutting edge', 'high levels', 'future-proof solution', 'growing demand', '200 buy-side executives', 'standardized tasks', 'primary factor', 'regulatory compliance', 'strategic milestone', 'strongest platforms', 'artificial intelligence', 'managing partners', 'past 25 years', 'integral part', 'SimCorp SimCorp', 'SimCorp.', 'Frankfurt', 'London', 'assets', 'experience', 'company', 'functionality', 'suite', 'Meta-themes', 'demands', 'responsibility', 'automation', 'growth', 'outsourcing', 'decision', '60 percent', 'half', 'respondents', 'survey', 'three-quarters', 'need', 'assessment', 'complexity', 'improvement', 'analytics', 'array', '120 employees', 'offices', 'Germany', 'information', '17']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39426,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/R-STAHL-AG-11277506/news/R-STAHL-with-significantly-improved-sales-and-profitability-in-2023-forecasts-further-sales-growt-46451666/,R. STAHL  with significantly improved sales and profitability in 2023  forecasts further sales growth for 2024,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word: Annual Report/Annual ResultsR. STAHL  with significantly improved sales and profitability in 2023  forecasts further sales growth for 2024 17.04.2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe …,EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word(s): Annual Report/Annual ResultsR. STAHL  with significantly improved sales and profitability in 2023  forecasts further sales growth for 202417.04.2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.R. STAHL  with significantly improved sales and profitability in 2023  forecasts further sales growth for 2024R. STAHL published its Annual Report 2023 today and confirmed the preliminary figures: order intake increased to € 342.5 million (+9.3%)  Group sales to € 330.6 million (+20.5%) and EBITDA pre exceptionals to € 38.6 million (+73.0%)Full impairment of the investment in ZAVOD Goreltex results in a decline in net income to € 0.2 million (previous year: € 1.9 million)R. STAHL sales and order intake at a good level in the first quarter of 2024 – EBITDA pre exceptionals below previous yearFor full year 2024  the Executive Board expects sales to increase to between € 335 million and € 350 million and EBITDA pre exceptionals to between € 35 million and € 45 millionWaldenburg  17 April 2023 – R. STAHL today published its Annual Report 2023 and confirms the preliminary figures published in February. In financial year 2023  uncertainties those markets that are relevant for the company slowly eased as the year progressed and demand from key sectors remained at a high level. Because strategic measures are taking effect  the specialist for explosion protection solutions looks back on a successful financial year 2023 and has issued a positive outlook for 2024.Strong customer demand and recovery in the procurement markets ensure record figures for order intake and salesR. STAHL kicked off 2023 with a strong order intake and managed to maintain this level of momentum over the course of the year. The company recorded strong demand from the LNG and gas industry as well as from the pharmaceutical sector. In the chemical industry  there was a drop in demand towards the middle of the year  particularly in Germany and Europe. But the specialist for explosion protection solutions increased order intake by 9.3% to € 342.5 million in 2023 compared to the already high figure in the previous year (€ 313.5 million).The recovery on the procurement markets and forward-looking inventory build-up resulted in strong sales growth in 2023. The recovery helped R. STAHL increase sales for full-year 2023 by 20.5% to € 330.6 million (previous year: € 274.3 million). The forecast corridor was between € 305 million and € 320 million. Because order volume once again exceeded sales in the past financial year  order backlog increased to € 115.1 million at the end of 2023 (previous year: € 109.4 million).All sales markets contributed to sales growth in 2023In Germany  sales improved by 16.3% to € 83.5 million in the past financial year due to the strong market position in the chemical and pharmaceutical industries. Sales in the Central region (Africa and Europe excluding Germany) climbed by 24.8 % to € 146.8 million. In addition to the chemical and pharmaceutical industries  the main sales driver was stronger demand from the oil and gas sector  particularly LNG. Markets in America continued to benefit from the ongoing strong order situation in the oil and gas sector. Sales improved by 8.6% to € 34.3 million  despite the strong increase in the previous year. In the Asia/Pacific region  sales were up 23.7% to € 65.9 million. Higher demand from wholesalers for shipbuilding and module engineering contributed to the increase in sales.Significant improvement in profitability – EBITDA pre exceptionals up 73.0%In addition to the high demand  good utilization of production capacities and targeted cost management  particularly in the areas of personnel and purchasing  had a positive impact on the company’s profitability. Price increases imposed on the customer side also compensated for higher procurement prices. Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) pre exceptionals rose by 73.0% from € 22.3 million in the previous year to € 38.6 million and were thus at the upper end of the forecast range that was raised in November 2023 (€ 35 million to € 40 million). The company increased its profitability as measured by the EBITDA margin from 8.1% in the previous year to 11.7%.Full impairment of ZAVOD Goreltex burdens net profitBecause the Executive Board at the end of February 2024 no longer assumed that R. STAHL AG’s investment in the Russian company ZAVOD Goreltex Co. LTD.  St. Petersburg  was recoverable due to various developments  the 25% stake in ZAVOD Goreltex was fully impaired. In financial year 2023  this led to a non-cash charge of € 15.4 million on the R. STAHL Group’s net profit. The bottom line was a net profit of € 0.2 million (previous year: € 1.9 million). This corresponds to earnings per share of € 0.03 (previous year: € 0.30).The company improved free cash flow by € 4.7 million to € 0.3 million (previous year: € -4.4 million). The equity ratio fell from 27.5% in the previous year to 25.0% as of the balance sheet date  mainly due to the lower interest rate for the valuation of pension provisions.First quarter of 2024 – order intake and sales at a high level  profitability decliningDemand for R. STAHL’s products and services gained steam again in the first quarter of 2024 after a subdued fourth quarter of 2023. Based on preliminary figures  the company improved its order intake in the first quarter of 2024 by 8.5% to € 84.7 million (previous year: € 78.1 million). At € 92.3 million  order intake recovered significantly compared to the previous quarter (Q4 2023: € 74.5 million) and was only slightly below the very high prior-year figure of € 96.7 million.EBITDA pre exceptionals decreased from € 10.4 million in the previous year to € 8.4 million in the period from January to March 2024. This is primarily attributable to the implementation of the EXcelerate strategy program and higher personnel costs resulting mainly from collective bargaining agreements.R. STAHL forecasts further sales growth with stable earnings for 2024For 2024  the company expects further growth in the relevant key markets based on the overall economic and industry-specific forecasts. There are still uncertainties in the forecast  primarily due to the unpredictable developments and consequences of geopolitical tension  which could have an impact on supply chains and commodity prices.The high order backlog that R. STAHL started 2024 with  as well as the good demand in the first quarter of 2024  mean that the company can look ahead to full-year 2024 with careful optimism. The Executive Board expects Group sales to grow to between € 335 million and € 350 million.Profitability in the current financial year should stabilize at around the high level of the previous year. A high level of investment  increasing competitive pressure and price sensitivity on the part of customers as well as rising personnel costs are likely to have a temporary negative impact on earnings development. The Executive Board expects EBITDA pre exceptionals to be between € 35 million and € 45 million in 2024 (2023: € 38.6 million). In terms of free cash flow  R. STAHL expects a medium single-digit positive million euro amount in 2024 (2023: € 0.3 million).“The very good business performance in 2023 shows that our Group strategy is working. It makes it possible for the company to make sustainable progress in terms of sales and profitability. From a current perspective  our business will not develop as dynamically in 2024 as it did in 2023. In the current year  we will once again make significant investments in the optimization of our processes  particularly in the areas of finance and IT  thus laying the groundwork for further efficiency gains in the coming years. The company is well-positioned to take advantage of the growth opportunities that are presented by our longstanding attractive markets”  says Dr. Mathias Hallmann  CEO of R. STAHL.Key figures of R. STAHL Group for FY 2023 pursuant to IFRS€ million 2023 2022 Changein €m Changein % Sales 330.6 274.3 +56.3 +20.5 Order income 342.5 313.5 +29.0 +9.3 Order backlog as of 31 December 115.1 109.4 +5.7 +5.2 EBITDA pre exceptionals1) 38.6 22.3 +16.3 +73.0 in % of sales 11.7% 8.1% EBIT 19.1 3.9 +15.2 >+100 Net profit 0.2 1.9 -10.7 -90.6 Earnings per share (in €) 0.03 0.30 -0.27 -90.0 Dividend per share (in €) 0 0 0 Cash flow from operating activities 14.2 6.0 +8.2 >+100 Free Cash flow 0.3 -4.4 +4.7 n/a Depreciation and amortization 17.5 16.7 +0.8 +4.7 Capital expenditures2) 13.9 14.1 -0.2 -1.0 Balance sheet total of 31 December 271.4 259.7 +11.7 +4.5 Shareholders’ equity as of 31 December 67.7 71.3 -3.6 -5.1 Equity ratio as of 31. December 25.0% 27.5% Net debt as of 31 December.3) 38.8 29.2 +9.6 +32.9 Employees as of 31 December4) 1 721 1 676 +45 +2.71) Exceptionals: restructuring charges  unscheduled depreciation and amortization  charges for designing and implementing IT projects  M&A costs  profit and loss from deconsolidation as well as profit and loss from the disposal of assets no longer required for business operations2) Payments for investments in intangible assets and property  plant & equipment3) Cash and cash equivalents less interest-bearing loans4) excl. apprenticesPercentages and figures in may include rounding differences. The signs used to indicate rates of changes are based on mathematical aspects. Rates of changes > +100% are shown as >+100%  rates of changeNoteThe Annual Report 2023 as well as the magazine for the Annual Report 2023 ‘Successful. Together. Safely.’ are available for download under the following link (Corporate – Investor Relations – IR News and Publications – Financial Reports): https://r-stahl.com/en/global/corporate/investor-relations/ir-news-and-publications/financial-reports.The quarterly statement for Q1 2024 will be disclosed on 08 May 2024.Investors’ and analysts’ conference call of R. STAHL AG for FY 2023Chief Executive Officer of R. STAHL AG  Dr. Mathias Hallmann  will explain the results of FY 2023 and will present an outlook for the current yeartoday at 10:00 CET.Afterwards he will be available for questions. The conference call will be held in English language.To participate (acoustically) in the conference call  please use the link below. After registration  that you may do at any time  you will receive dedicated dial-in details to easily and quickly access the call at the specified time:https://services.choruscall.it/DiamondPassRegistration/register?confirmationNumber=6969699&linkSecurityString=e1dcb6711Along with the conference call  we will provide the presentation (visually only) through an online webinar. Please log on as a participant on the following website (no password required); this link is provided to you again with the dial-in details for the conference call:https://www.webcast-eqs.com/rstahl-fy-2023/no-audioA replay of the audio webcast will be available shortly after the conference call has ended on the company’s website in the section corporate > investor relations > IR news and publications (https://r-stahl.com/en/global/corporate/investor-relations/ir-news-and-publications/events-and-presentations)Financial calendar 202408 May Quarterly Statement Q1 202427 June 31st Annual General Meeting08 August Interim Report H1 202406 November Quarterly Statement Q3 2024About R. STAHL – www.r-stahl.comR. STAHL is the world's leading supplier of electrical and electronic products and systems for explosion protection. These products and systems prevent explosions in hazardous areas and contribute to the safety of people  machines and the environment. The portfolio ranges from products used in switching/distributing  installing  operating/monitoring  lighting and signaling/alarming up to automation.Typical customers are the chemical and pharmaceutical industry  the oil & gas industry - including LNG applications - as well as the food and beverage industry. Most of the R. STAHL products are also approved for use with hydrogen. In 2023 global sales amounting to around € 331 million were generated by 1 721 employees. The shares of R. STAHL AG are traded on the Regulated Market/Prime Standard of Deutsche Boerse (ISIN DE000A1PHBB5).Forward-looking statementsThis release contains forward-looking statements based on assumptions and estimates of R. STAHL’s management. Although we assume that the expectations of these forward-looking statements are realistic  we cannot guarantee that these expectations will prove to be correct. The assumptions may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such discrepancies include: changes in the macroeconomic and business environment  exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations  the roll-out of competing products  a lack of acceptance of new products or services  and changes in business strategy. R. STAHL does not plan to update these forward-looking statements nor does it accept any obligation to do so.R. STAHL AGJudith SchäubleDirector Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsAm Bahnhof 3074638 Waldenburg (Württ.)GermanyTel. +49 7942 943-1396investornews@r-stahl.com,neutral,0.43,0.56,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.3,0.24,True,English,"['R. STAHL', 'sales growth', 'profitability', 'ongoing strong order situation', 'ZAVOD Goreltex Co. LTD.', 'explosion protection solutions', 'looking inventory build-up', 'targeted cost management', 'balance sheet date', 'strong market position', 'free cash flow', 'higher procurement prices', 'R. Stahl AG', 'successful financial year', 'past financial year', 'main sales driver', 'strong order intake', 'R. STAHL Group', 'Strong customer demand', 'strong sales growth', 'R. STAHL sales', 'EBITDA pre exceptionals', 'strong demand', 'customer side', 'cash charge', 'order volume', 'order backlog', 'strong increase', 'Higher demand', 'Group sales', 'Key word', 'Annual Report', 'Annual Results', 'preliminary figures', 'Full impairment', 'net income', 'previous year', 'first quarter', 'full year', 'Executive Board', 'key sectors', 'strategic measures', 'positive outlook', 'record figures', 'gas industry', 'pharmaceutical sector', 'high figure', 'forecast corridor', 'pharmaceutical industries', 'Central region', 'gas sector', 'Asia/Pacific region', 'Significant improvement', 'good utilization', 'production capacities', 'positive impact', 'Price increases', 'forecast range', 'net profit', 'St. Petersburg', 'various developments', 'bottom line', 'equity ratio', 'procurement markets', 'stronger demand', 'high demand', 'good level', 'high level', 'EBITDA margin', 'chemical industry', 'upper end', 'sales markets', 'Russian company', 'EQS-News', 'profitability', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'investment', 'decline', 'Waldenburg', 'April', 'February', 'uncertainties', 'effect', 'specialist', 'recovery', 'momentum', 'course', 'LNG', 'drop', 'middle', 'Germany', 'Europe', 'forward', 'full-year', 'Africa', 'addition', 'oil', 'America', 'wholesalers', 'shipbuilding', 'module', 'engineering', 'areas', 'personnel', 'purchasing', 'Earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'November', '25% stake', 'share', '07', '00', '€', '2024', '2023', '25.']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39427,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.waterstechnology.com/market-access/data/7951773/deutsche-borse-democratizes-data-with-marketplace-offering,Deutsche Börse democratizes data with Marketplace offering,Deutsche Börse Group is set to unveil its Marketplace  a one-stop data shop designed to simplify and streamline data acquisition and consumption for its clients,Deutsche Börse Group (DBG) is set to unveil its Marketplace  a one-stop data shop designed to simplify and streamline data acquisition and consumption for its clients  while also surfacing data from across the firm to its own users. Jan Stiebing and Sven Wohlfarth discuss the thinking behind the initiative and the problems it intends to solve for its customers.DBG is on the cusp of launching its data Marketplace. What is the premise of the Marketplace and how did it come about?Jan Stiebing  Deutsche BörseJan Stiebing  head of business strategy and mergers and acquisitions  Deutsche Börse Market Data + Services (MD+S): The notion of bringing together data consumers and producers is nothing new. What is new are the technological advancements and how data management and governance are changing along with this  which enables us to improve internal and external data sharing. What typically took a lot of time and effort due to data sitting in multiple silos is now much more streamlined. So  there are internal as well as external “time-to-value” arguments to be made. When we talk about launching our Marketplace  it doesn’t mean we want to be the new Bloomberg or Refinitiv—it’s more about streamlining internal processes and making data more easily available  accessible and discoverable; internally initially  but then also externally so we can address past limitations.You didn’t mention “data catalogs”—many capital markets firms are creating their own internal data catalogs as a means of surfacing and sharing data across the business. To what extent is DBG’s Marketplace going to be a glorified data catalog that surfaces and “advertises” data to existing and prospective consumers?Jan Stiebing: A data catalog as a tool for a specific data domain is something many people within DBG are familiar with. What we intend to implement now is a central data catalog spanning essentially all of DBG’s entities. We have many entities—some are regulated  some are not  some we’ve acquired  and some we’ve grown organically—so it’s a heterogeneous landscape  which is similar to many other companies. But now we are aiming to create a central data catalog where all our data comes together in a way that doesn’t require everyone to have a strictly harmonized architectural setup  but rather taking what is already there and introducing federated governance  which is all about balancing central and non-central powers  and making sure it all still comes together and complies with regulatory requirements. This  in combination with a more domain-oriented governance and looking at data-as-a-product  is very powerful in enabling everyone in the organization to do their best when it comes to data.If I had to name one thing that has been made very clear by generative artificial intelligence—known as GenAI—and all the recent technology advances  it’s that data quality is the critical foundation for sustainable insights.That’s a good point—pulling together data from across the organization and surfacing it through a single portal is only half the challenge. The other half centers on data quality and ensuring the data being offered to consumers is clean  consistent and accurate.Jan Stiebing: Correct. Just connecting data is not enough. You have to think about what it is going to be used for and what happens to it afterwards. It’s a matter of data quality  data management and data governance all together. The data catalog is just one piece of a bigger puzzle about what we do with data to make it more transparent about where it sits  what it represents  where and how it was sourced  where it goes and what happens to it.DBG is in the process of reorganizing itself into what it describes as a “data-driven organization”. Can you explain the thinking behind that initiative  what it means practically within the organization and how it came about?Sven Wohlfarth  Deutsche BörseSven Wohlfarth  head of data services operations  Deutsche Börse: Just over a year ago  we announced a strategic partnership with Google and one objective of that project was to create a group-wide data-driven organization. Essentially  it’s a group-wide approach to establishing a data mesh. Not all entities within DBG will be part of the data mesh from the outset  although the big ones will be. For a data mesh to be fit for purpose  you need clear  consistently applied and embraced data governance across the entire organization. Creating a data-driven organization is therefore 99% cultural. Once you have good data governance and you have created a data mesh  then you can establish a marketplace  which allows you to license data externally.Our Marketplace has two views: there’s an internal view and an external [client-facing] view with three examples of data offerings—a Clearstream data business  an MD+S business and an application programming interface platform. They are scattered around the organization and there are many entry points at which customers can license our data or retrieve information about our data  and the idea is to consolidate that.Has there been a lot of standardization and consolidation going on as a means of simplifying and improving efficiencies across DBG’s entire data domain?Sven Wohlfarth: Yes. From an internal perspective  it’s quite interesting how we see the Marketplace. It doesn’t make much sense for Clearstream to build its own marketplace or data shop. Similarly  it doesn’t make much sense for Kneip to have yet another data shop with another logo and SAP processes behind it. The idea is to leverage what is already there and create organizational efficiencies.On the tech side  the Marketplace is the first cloud-based approach with common standards. Prior to that  we had various versions of the cloud—a DBG version  a Eurex version and a Clearstream version. They all had different rules and checks in place. Now it’s centralized  it is very efficient  and it provides a secure approach to sharing data  licensing data and making that data available on a global scale.What will the Marketplace proposition look like in its early stages?Sven Wohlfarth: We will start with a few customers  but we have to go to them with an offer so we can begin a conversation about how we can match our offer with their demands. Remember  there are already data marketplaces available  such as Snowflake and Databricks  and some of our customers already use those services. The idea is to have a central point where we locate all of our data and then distribute it to exactly where our customers are. We want to make it as convenient as possible for them to consume our data so they don’t think about going elsewhere. If a customer wants their data at 4am  they know it will be there and it will be of super high quality.What do you see as the problems the Marketplace solves for DBG’s customers?Sven Wohlfarth: There are a few. Some customers subscribe to large volumes of data  which can be complex to ship or download. With our Google Cloud setup and the whole cloud-native approach  it’s super easy to share large volumes of data. That’s one area we make it as convenient as possible for our customers—it’s secure and easy  and you don’t need to be a data scientist to download our data and integrate it into your processes.The second example is our contracts and the way we manage subscriptions. When it comes to terms and conditions  the idea is to have a single standardized format so  if a client wants to add another product  it doesn’t come with its own terms and conditions. Typically  when a firm subscribes to data and it’s a new contact  they are required to involve their legal team. But  if there is a standardized approach to licensing data  it’s easier from a procurement perspective for our customers to leverage all of the data products we have at the moment  because it doesn’t involve 20 different people—you just speak to the Marketplace operators. That approach makes the entire end-to-end process as convenient as possible for our customers.Do you have anything to add with respect to the benefits to users?Jan Stiebing: I would say there are two core benefits. The first is around providing a single gateway into DBG’s rich data trove. Currently  if you’re a trading member of one or more of our businesses such as Eurex  Xetra or Clearstream  you have separate accounts and dashboards—you don’t have an integrated view of what you’re doing with us. But financial markets transactions are connected  right? So having the ability to see your pre-trade  at-trade and post-trade data across all asset classes will be a huge benefit.The second benefit is more and faster data innovation because we are streamlining the processes behind the data product life cycle and implementing governance and technology changes around it. Right now  we depend on data being discoverable and finding the right person to provide access rights before you can even start building new data products and services. There is so much more value in the business  which is yet to be realized because our data is not fully accessible and/or sharable. Providing a secure place from where we can share data across clouds and individual businesses with our clients and allowing users to bring their own data supports greater insight  which has not been possible so far. It will be easier for users to access data because it is in one place and there will also be more insights because it will become easier to interact with the data. We are very excited about laying the foundation in 2024 for future innovation from data and artificial intelligence. Look out for more news on our Marketplace to come.,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.28,0.2,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Marketplace offering', 'data', 'Deutsche Börse Market Data + Services', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'application programming interface platform', 'many capital markets firms', 'data services operations', 'generative artificial intelligence', 'recent technology advances', 'many entry points', 'external [client-facing] view', 'many other companies', 'one-stop data shop', 'external data sharing', 'specific data domain', 'glorified data catalog', 'Clearstream data business', 'central data catalog', 'good data governance', 'group-wide data-driven organization', 'many people', 'good point', 'other half', 'group-wide approach', 'central powers', 'many entities', 'internal view', 'Jan Stiebing', 'Sven Wohlfarth', 'business strategy', 'technological advancements', 'multiple silos', 'new Bloomberg', 'past limitations', 'heterogeneous landscape', 'architectural setup', 'federated governance', 'regulatory requirements', 'domain-oriented governance', 'one thing', 'critical foundation', 'sustainable insights', 'single portal', 'one piece', 'bigger puzzle', 'strategic partnership', 'one objective', 'two views', 'three examples', 'MD+S business', 'data acquisition', 'data management', 'data quality', 'data mesh', 'data offerings', 'prospective consumers', 'data consumers', 'entire organization', 'internal processes', 'internal data', 'data catalogs', 'data Marketplace', 'DBG', 'consumption', 'clients', 'users', 'thinking', 'initiative', 'problems', 'customers', 'cusp', 'premise', 'head', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'notion', 'producers', 'lot', 'time', 'effort', 'value', 'arguments', 'Refinitiv', 'means', 'extent', 'existing', 'tool', 'something', 'way', 'everyone', 'combination', 'product', 'GenAI', 'challenge', 'matter', 'Google', 'project', 'outset', 'purpose', 'information', 'idea']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,waterstechnology.com
39428,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://international-adviser.com/ark-invest-europe-debuts-its-first-batch-of-actively-managed-ucits-etfs/,ARK Invest Europe debuts its first batch of actively managed UCITS ETFs,ARK Invest Europe has unveiled its first batch of actively managed UCITS ETFs  now listed on the Deutsche Börse Xetra and the London Stock Exchange and CBOE Amsterdam tomorrow  with future listings on the Borsa Italiana and the SIX Swiss Exchange.,ARK Invest Europe has unveiled its first batch of actively managed UCITS ETFs  now listed on the Deutsche Börse Xetra and the London Stock Exchange and CBOE Amsterdam tomorrow  with future listings on the Borsa Italiana and the SIX Swiss Exchange.The three “pioneering” strategies are:ARK Innovation UCITS ETF (ISIN: IE000GA3D489) –– Targeting companies at the forefront of disruptive technology  from AI to public blockchains  promising significant macroeconomic impacts and extraordinary opportunities for growth.ARK Artificial Intelligence & Robotics UCITS ETF (ISIN: IE0003A512E4) –– Dedicated to sectors driving transformative changes in our daily lives  including autonomous tech and robotics  powered by cost efficiencies outpacing even Moore’s Law.ARK Genomic Revolution UCITS ETF (ISIN: IE000O5M6XO1) –– Focused on the life-altering potential of genomic advancements  from gene editing to innovative cancer therapies.The three vehicles are classified as Article 8 under SFDR.Cathie Wood  CEO of Ark Invest  said: “Over the past decade  a substantial portion of our website traffic  subscriber base  inbound requests  and social media traffic have come from people in Europe – a clear signal of the strong interest and demand for Ark’s investment strategies within the European market.“Launching these UCITS ETFs is not just a response to that demand but a declaration of our long-term commitment to Europe. We’re bringing our best ideas and a decade-long track record to Europe  backed by a best-in-class product and distribution team from the former founders and team members of Rize ETF. This marks the beginning of a deep  enduring partnership with European investors  as we head into a future shaped by disruptive innovation.”Ark Invest Europe was previously Rize ETF  headed up by co-founders Anthony Martin  Jason Kennard  Stuart Forbes and Rahul Bhushan.Wood added: “Our mission is to empower investors to capitalise on the most promising innovation of our age. The convergence of disruptive technologies across sectors is accelerating at an unprecedented pace  and we believe it presents one of the most exciting investment opportunities right now.”,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['ARK Invest Europe', 'first batch', 'UCITS ETFs', 'ARK Genomic Revolution UCITS ETF', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'ARK Innovation UCITS ETF', 'London Stock Exchange', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'significant macroeconomic impacts', 'ARK Artificial Intelligence', 'innovative cancer therapies', 'decade-long track record', 'deep, enduring partnership', 'social media traffic', 'Robotics UCITS ETF', 'three “pioneering” strategies', 'exciting investment opportunities', 'ARK Invest Europe', 'genomic advancements', 'UCITS ETFs', 'Rize ETF', 'investment strategies', 'disruptive innovation', 'promising innovation', 'extraordinary opportunities', 'three vehicles', 'website traffic', 'first batch', 'CBOE Amsterdam', 'Borsa Italiana', 'disruptive technology', 'public blockchains', 'transformative changes', 'daily lives', 'autonomous tech', 'cost efficiencies', 'life-altering potential', 'gene editing', 'past decade', 'substantial portion', 'subscriber base', 'inbound requests', 'clear signal', 'strong interest', 'European market', 'long-term commitment', 'best ideas', 'distribution team', 'team members', 'Anthony Martin', 'Jason Kennard', 'Stuart Forbes', 'Rahul Bhushan', 'disruptive technologies', 'unprecedented pace', 'future listings', 'Cathie Wood', 'former founders', 'European investors', 'companies', 'forefront', 'growth', 'sectors', 'Moore', 'Law', 'IE000O5M6XO', 'Article', 'SFDR', 'CEO', 'people', 'demand', 'response', 'declaration', 'class', 'product', 'beginning', 'mission', 'age', 'convergence']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,international-adviser.com
39429,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/dgap/EQS-News-Hypoport-SE-business-volume-rises-sharply-Q1-thanks-to-market-share-gains-and-market-growth-n16783669.html,EQS-News: Hypoport SE: business volume rises sharply in Q1 thanks to market share gains and market growth,Q1 2024 sees the first double-digit year-on-year increase in the Europace transaction volume since the slump in the mortgage finance market Volume from cooperative banks and savings banks jumps by 42 per cent and 50 per cent respectively compared with Q1 2023 Property financing platform for the housing industry and property management platform achieve strong growth of 13 per cent and 50 per cent respectively Further rise in the volume of premiums related to insurance portfolios migrated to the SMART INSUR platform Difficult market conditions affect VALUE AG’s valuation volume and REM’s financing for SMEs Berlin ,EQS-News: Hypoport SE / Key word(s): Market ReportHypoport SE: business volume rises sharply in Q1 thanks to market share gains and market growth18.04.2024 / 07:15 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Operational key figures for Q1 2024Hypoport SE: business volume rises sharply in Q1 thanks to market share gains and market growthQ1 2024 sees the first double-digit year-on-year increase in the Europace transaction volume since the slump in the mortgage finance marketVolume from cooperative banks and savings banks jumps by 42 per cent and 50 per cent respectively compared with Q1 2023Property financing platform for the housing industry and property management platform achieve strong growth of 13 per cent and 50 per cent respectivelyFurther rise in the volume of premiums related to insurance portfolios migrated to the SMART INSUR platformDifficult market conditions affect VALUE AG’s valuation volume and REM’s financing for SMEsBerlin  18 April 2024: In the first quarter of 2024  the majority of Hypoport Group’s business models returned to double-digit percentage increases in their operational key figures compared with the prior-year period. The Hypoport Group’s growth was primarily driven by the business models for mortgage finance and for the German housing industry.Real Estate & Mortgage Platforms segment: The volume of mortgage finance transactions* processed on Europace rose to €15.1 billion in the first three months of this year  an increase of 17 per cent compared with the same period of 2023. Business from the savings banks and cooperative banks saw particularly strong growth  with the volume of mortgage finance on the Finmas and Genopace sub-marketplaces swelling by 50 per cent to €2.3 billion and by 42 per cent to €3.6 billion respectively. The volume of new mortgage finance brokered by Dr. Klein stood at €1.7 billion in the first quarter of 2024  which was up by 20 per cent compared with the first quarter of 2023.The value of residential properties inspected or appraised by VALUE AG amounted to just €7.9 billion in the first quarter of 2024. This year-on-year fall of 3 per cent was due to regulatory changes and the delayed recovery of the valuation market.Financing Platforms segment: The volume of new loans brokered on the property financing platform for the housing industry came to around €0.3 billion in the first three months of 2024  rising by 13 per cent compared with the prior-year period. The portfolio of contracts on the property management platform for the housing industry encompassed more than 310 000 homes as at 31 March 2024  a year-on-year increase of 51 per cent. The volume of new projects acquired in the SME financing business declined by 13 per cent to €0.3 billion in the first quarter of the year amid the challenging market conditions created by constant shifts in the funding support schemes. By contrast  the volume of personal loan transactions on Europace held up well  with a rise of 17 per cent to €1.6 billion.Insurance Platforms segment: There was further progress with migRating the insurance portfolios from individual solutions to the centralised SMART INSUR platform. The portfolio volume on SMART INSUR grew by 12 per cent compared with the first quarter of 2023 to reach a total of €4.3 billion in the first quarter of this year.Ronald Slabke  Chief Executive Officer of Hypoport SE  commented on the Hypoport Group’s operating performance as follows: “The trend reversal seen in the mortgage finance market last year  along with the gains in market share that we have made  are once again having a positive impact on our operational key figures in the Real Estate & Mortgage segment. We predicted that the market would recover markedly over the course of 2024  and this is backed up by the successful first quarter. Given the challenges that prevail in some areas of the market  we also view the performance of the business models in the Financing Platforms and Insurance Platforms segments as positive in the first three months of this year. Before the slump in the mortgage finance market  Hypoport had consistently notched up double-digit percentage growth rates. Following a phase of qualitative growth  we are now gradually returning to this level of performance in quantitative terms too.”(€ billion) Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Q1/Q1change Q1 2024 Q4 2023 Q4/Q1change Total transaction volume* Europace (mortgage finance  building finance  personal loans) 18.40 16.48 +11.6% 18.40 15.48 +18.9% Total transaction volume Europace per sales day (€ million)** 292.0 253.6 +15.2% 292.0 255.8 +14.2% Real Estate & Mortgage Platforms segment Mortgage finance transaction volume* Europace 15.13 12.95 +16.8% 15.13 12.71 +19.0% Building finance transaction volume* Europace 1.62 2.13 -23.7% 1.62 1.52 +6.9% Total volume of new loans brokered* by Dr. Klein Privatkunden 1.74 1.52 +14.3% 1.74 1.37 +27.4% Value of the residential properties inspected and appraised by VALUE AG 7.91 8.16 -3.0% 7.91 8.23 -3.9% Value of the properties sold through FIO 2.47 2.35 +5.2% 2.47 2.82 -12.3% Financing Platforms segment Volume of new loans brokered on the property financing platform by Dr. Klein Wowi 0.33 0.29 +13.4% 0.33 0.48 -31.5% Number of homes managed through WoWi Digital (‘000) 313.1 206.9 +51.3% 313.1 302.2 +3.6% Volume of personal loan transactions* Europace 1.65 1.41 +17.0% 1.65 1.24 +32.4% Volume of new SME financing business at REM Capital 0.27 0.31 -12.7% 0.27 0.30 -7.4% Insurance Platforms segment 31 Mar 2024 31 Mar 2023 Change 31 Mar 2024 31 Dec 2023 Change Volume of policies migrated to SMART INSUR (annual net premiums) 4.28 3.83 +11.5% 4.28 4.13 +3.7%* All figures on the volume of financial products processed (mortgage finance  building finance (‘Bausparen’) and personal loans) are stated before cancellations and  consequently  cannot be compared directly with the revenue figures shown  which exclude subsequent cancellations. Neither the revenue nor the earnings generated by Hypoport can be directly extrapolated from the transaction figures given above.** Sales days are defined as the number of bank working days less half of the number of ‘bridging days’ (days falling between public holidays and weekends).About Hypoport SEHypoport SE is headquartered in Lübeck (Germany) and is the parent company of the Hypoport Group. The Group is a network of technology companies for the credit  housing and insurance industries with a workforce of more than 2 000 employees. It is structured in three operating segments: Real Estate & Mortgage Platforms  Insurance Platforms and Financing Platforms.The Real Estate & Mortgage Platforms segment operates Europace  which is an online B2B lending marketplace and the largest German platform offering mortgage finance. A fully integrated system links approximately 800 partners – banks  building finance associations  insurers and financial product distributors. Besides Europace  the joint ventures Finmas (Savings Banks Finance Group)  Genopace (Cooperative Financial Network)  Starpool (Deutsche Bank) and Baufinex (Bausparkasse Schwäbisch Hall) support the growth of the credit marketplace in various target groups. Dr. Klein  the largest franchise system for non-captive mortgage finance advice for consumers  is also assigned to this segment. Moreover  the Qualitypool brokerage pool  the FIO property sales platform for bank-affiliated estate agents and the Value AG property valuation platform are a key part of the value chain for homebuyers.The Financing Platforms segment comprises all technology and advisory companies in the Hypoport Group that cover finance products other than mortgage finance. It has a particular focus on finance for the housing industry (Dr. Klein WoWi and FIO Finance)  corporate finance (REM Capital) and personal loans (Europace).In the Insurance Platforms segment  Smart Insur provides a web-based B2B platform for insurance products with variable pricing for private individuals and small businesses  supported by the Qualitypool brokerage pool and the underwriter Sia. The segment also includes ePension  a platform for occupational insurance products  and Corify  a platform for the tendering and management of industrial insurance policies.The shares of Hypoport SE are listed in the Prime Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Deutsche Börse) and have been included in the SDAX or MDAX indices since 2015.Contact:Jan H. PahlHead of Investor Relations // IROTel: +49 (0)30 42086 1942Mobile: +49 (0)176 9651 2519Email: ir@hypoport.deHypoport SEHeidestrasse 810557 Berlin  Germanywww.hypoport.com2024 financial calendar:6 May 2024: Interim management statement for the first quarter of 202412 August 2024: Report for the first half of 202411 November 2024: Interim management statement for the third quarter of 2024,neutral,0.34,0.64,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.36,0.29,True,English,"['market share gains', 'market growth', 'Hypoport SE', 'business volume', 'EQS-News', 'Q1', 'centralised SMART INSUR platform', 'double-digit percentage growth rates', 'Building finance transaction volume', 'Mortgage finance transaction volume', 'double-digit percentage increases', 'property management platform', 'funding support schemes', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Operational key figures', 'Property financing platform', 'personal loan transactions', 'mortgage finance transactions', 'Difficult market conditions', 'challenging market conditions', 'first three months', 'Insurance Platforms segments', 'Mortgage Platforms segment', 'Financing Platforms segment', 'Dr. Klein Privatkunden', 'mortgage finance market', 'savings banks jumps', 'Total transaction volume', 'German housing industry', 'SME financing business', 'successful first quarter', 'market share gains', 'The Hypoport Group', 'Europace transaction volume', 'Mortgage segment', 'first double-digit', 'Key word', 'new mortgage', 'market growth', 'insurance portfolios', 'personal loans', 'Market Report', 'valuation market', 'cooperative banks', 'Total volume', 'strong growth', 'qualitative growth', 'Hypoport SE', 'business models', 'prior-year period', 'Real Estate', 'same period', 'Genopace sub-marketplaces', 'regulatory changes', 'new loans', 'new projects', 'constant shifts', 'individual solutions', 'Ronald Slabke', 'trend reversal', 'positive impact', 'quantitative terms', 'sales day', 'business volume', 'valuation volume', '42 per cent', '50 per cent', '13 per cent', '17 per cent', '20 per cent', '51 per cent', '12 per cent', 'residential properties', 'Further rise', 'VALUE AG', 'portfolio volume', 'operating performance', 'year increase', 'change Q1', 'EQS-News', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'slump', 'premiums', 'SMEs', 'Berlin', 'April', 'majority', 'Finmas', 'fall', 'recovery', 'contracts', '310,000 homes', '31 March', 'contrast', 'progress', 'migRating', 'course', 'challenges', 'areas', 'phase', 'level', 'FIO', '07:15']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,stock-world.de
39430,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864783/0/en/Publicis-Groupe-proposes-change-to-its-governance-structure.html,Publicis Groupe proposes change to its governance structure,Publicis Groupe proposes change to its governance structure                                      Paris - April 17  2024 – Publicis Groupe [Euronext...,Publicis Groupe proposes change to its governance structureParis - April 17  2024 – Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] today announced a proposed change to the company’s governance  that will be put to a shareholder vote at its Annual General Meeting on 29th May  2024.Publicis has undergone a period of sustained momentum over the past years  thanks to its unique model adapted to the needs of some of the world’s leading companies  its unmatched capabilities and the depth of its talent bench. To further support that dynamic  and the leadership teams behind it  and in anticipation of the end of his mandate in 2025  Maurice Lévy  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  submitted to the Groupe’s governing bodies a proposal to change the company’s governance. This change would see the company shift from a dual structure corporation with a Supervisory Board and Management Board (Directoire)  and instead adopt the more widespread model of a single structure corporation with a Board of Directors.Following a lengthy and rigorous process  the Supervisory Board unanimously approved the proposal  which will be subject to a vote by shareholders during the upcoming Annual General Meeting.In this new structure  Arthur Sadoun would become Chairman and CEO of the Board. His appointment would be accompanied by the creation of the role of Lead Director  and the reinforcement of the Board’s committees  as part of a well-balanced governance model and in line with AFEP-MEDEF guidelines.Maurice Lévy  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  would be named Chairman Emeritus in order for the Groupe to continue to benefit from his insight  experience  and leadership. In addition to attending board meetings  Maurice Lévy would preside over a mixed group of board members and executives  with a clear focus on innovation and foresight.These changes would allow for the continuation of the partnership formed by Lévy and Sadoun  which in the past seven years has seen Publicis become first in the industry on market capitalization.“Publicis Groupe has a long history of anticipating change and transforming itself to face the future” commented Maurice Lévy  Chairman of the Supervisory Board. “The primary responsibility of any board is to ensure that a company has both the governance structure and the teams it needs to lead it forward. With this in mind  I proposed changing the governance of the Groupe in order to put in place a Board of Directors  with Arthur Sadoun as Chairman and CEO. It’s the most effective way of maintaining the Groupe’s success  now and in the long term. I’m delighted that the Supervisory Board was unanimous in its approval of this change  and confident that our shareholders will give it their support  seeing it as the means of preserving and perpetuating the outstanding results that have taken our group to new heights.”“The aim of this change in governance is simple: to preserve the driving forces behind the Groupe’s success and maintain the model that has made Publicis our industry’s most valuable company in terms of market capitalization. It will also allow us to continue the duo that we have formed with Maurice Lévy since 2017  which has seen Publicis extract itself from the pack and emerge as a clear leader in our sector. The continuity of our partnership  combined with the incredible talent of our teams around the world and our best-in-class capabilities make us more confident than ever in our ability to help our clients transform and thrive in this ever-changing environment  and drive even greater value and innovation for all of our stakeholders. For those reasons  I hope that our shareholders will support this proposal” said Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Instagram | Viva la Difference!Contacts Publicis GroupeAmy HadfieldJean-Michel Bonamy Communication DirectorInvestor Relations + 33 (0)1 44 43 70 75+ 33 (0)1 44 43 74 88 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.comjean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.comPlease find the press release here,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.73,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['Publicis Groupe', 'governance structure', 'change', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'Jean-Michel Bonamy Communication Director', 'four main activities', 'Maurice Lévy', 'dual structure corporation', 'single structure corporation', 'digital business transformation', 'past seven years', 'past years', 'Lead Director', 'michel.bonamy', 'new structure', 'marketing transformation', '29th May', 'sustained momentum', 'leading companies', 'unmatched capabilities', 'talent bench', 'governing bodies', 'rigorous process', 'AFEP-MEDEF guidelines', 'clear focus', 'long history', 'primary responsibility', 'effective way', 'long term', 'outstanding results', 'new heights', 'driving forces', 'clear leader', 'incredible talent', 'class capabilities', 'changing environment', 'greater value', 'The Power', 'global leader', 'value chain', 'privileged partner', 'fluid organization', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'governance structure', 'unique model', 'widespread model', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'The Groupe', 'market capitalization', 'clients’ transformation', 'Supervisory Board', 'Management Board', 'board meetings', 'board members', 'shareholder vote', 'mixed group', 'Euronext Paris', 'ten expertise', 'Amy Hadfield', 'Publicis Groupe', 'governance model', 'leadership teams', 'change', 'April', 'CAC', 'company', 'period', 'needs', 'world', 'depth', 'dynamic', 'anticipation', 'end', 'mandate', 'Chairman', 'proposal', 'Directoire', 'Directors', 'lengthy', 'shareholders', 'CEO', 'appointment', 'creation', 'role', 'reinforcement', 'committees', 'order', 'insight', 'experience', 'addition', 'executives', 'innovation', 'foresight', 'continuation', 'partnership', 'industry', 'future', 'mind', 'place', 'success', 'approval', 'support', 'means', 'aim', 'terms', 'duo', 'pack', 'sector', 'continuity', 'ability', 'stakeholders', 'reasons', 'step', 'consulting', 'execution', 'personalization', 'scale', 'Media', 'Data', 'Technology', 'unified', 'access', '100 countries', '103,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Viva', 'Difference', 'Contacts']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39431,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7160399430408789,BenevolentAI: Publication of the Revised Agenda for the 2024 AGM,Regulatory News:     BenevolentAI (&#x201C;BenevolentAI&#x201D; or the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of the Revised Agenda fo...,BenevolentAI: Publication of the Revised Agenda for the 2024 AGMRegulatory News:BenevolentAI (“BenevolentAI” or the “Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of the Revised Agenda for its Annual General Meeting set to be held on 2 May 2024 at 14:00 CEST at 2  place Winston Churchill  L-1340 Luxembourg (the “2024 AGM”) (the “Revised Agenda”).The Revised Agenda  the revised proxy form and all other meeting documentation are now available on the Company’s website ( www.benevolent.com/investors/general-meetings/ ) and at the Company’s registered office.The shareholders entitled to participate and vote at the 2024 AGM will be those who are shareholders on the record date of 18 April 2024 at 24:00 (midnight) CEST.About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent Platform TM that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in-class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery. The Company’s business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools. Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240416383292/en/Enquiries:Investors:Fleur Wood – VP Investor Relationsfleur.wood@benevolent.aiinvestors@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360Company Secretary:Judit Molnar – Deputy Company Secretarycosec@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Revised Agenda', 'BenevolentAI', 'Publication', '2024 AGM', 'Deputy Company Secretary cosec', 'proprietary advanced AI tools', 'knowledge exploration tools', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other meeting documentation', 'VP Investor Relations', 'house scientific expertise', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'novel drug discovery', 'Benevolent Platform TM', 'The Revised Agenda', 'novel targets', 'discovery collaborations', 'house pipelines', 'The Company', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Winston Churchill', 'proxy form', 'record date', 'new biology', 'complex diseases', 'wet-lab facilities', 'business model', 'multiple routes', 'value creation', 'pharma companies', 'inflection points', 'wet labs', 'New York', 'innovative medicines', 'source version', 'Judit Molnar', 'registered office', 'class drugs', 'Fleur Wood', 'BenevolentAI', 'Publication', '2024 AGM', 'BAI', 'leader', '2 May', '14:00 CEST', 'place', 'Luxembourg', 'website', 'investors', 'general-meetings', 'shareholders', '18 April', 'midnight', 'patients', 'science', 'combination', 'AstraZeneca', 'Merck', 'suite', 'London', 'Cambridge', 'UK', 'forefront', 'future', 'businesswire', 'Enquiries', '24:00']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,investorsobserver.com
39432,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46452006/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 17-Apr-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST17 April 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 16th of April 2024 it purch…,"17 April 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 16th of April 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 60 000 40 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6380 £1.3960 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6120 £1.3760 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6295 £1.3890The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 648 443 920 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 2 839 1.6140 XDUB 08:24:54 00028800025TRDU1 1 305 1.6180 XDUB 09:26:08 00028800490TRDU1 1 271 1.6180 XDUB 09:26:08 00028800489TRDU1 636 1.6180 XDUB 09:26:08 00028800488TRDU1 1 856 1.6180 XDUB 09:26:08 00028800487TRDU1 2 784 1.6120 XDUB 09:38:32 00028800555TRDU1 1 578 1.6300 XDUB 11:47:17 00028801049TRDU1 329 1.6300 XDUB 12:01:27 00028801078TRDU1 1 900 1.6300 XDUB 12:01:27 00028801077TRDU1 6 038 1.6300 XDUB 12:01:27 00028801076TRDU1 1 257 1.6300 XDUB 12:01:27 00028801075TRDU1 3 003 1.6300 XDUB 12:01:27 00028801074TRDU1 2 559 1.6340 XDUB 13:22:12 00028801405TRDU1 2 540 1.6340 XDUB 13:22:12 00028801404TRDU1 5 112 1.6340 XDUB 14:08:01 00028801678TRDU1 1 763 1.6300 XDUB 14:37:24 00028802091TRDU1 2 492 1.6300 XDUB 14:37:24 00028802090TRDU1 727 1.6300 XDUB 14:37:24 00028802089TRDU1 1 674 1.6300 XDUB 15:10:18 00028802595TRDU1 1 077 1.6300 XDUB 15:10:18 00028802594TRDU1 2 542 1.6300 XDUB 15:25:53 00028802834TRDU1 512 1.6320 XDUB 15:40:52 00028802972TRDU1 244 1.6320 XDUB 15:40:52 00028802971TRDU1 2 983 1.6320 XDUB 15:45:00 00028802999TRDU1 164 1.6340 XDUB 16:00:39 00028803350TRDU1 2 583 1.6340 XDUB 16:01:16 00028803354TRDU1 801 1.6380 XDUB 16:13:08 00028803451TRDU1 580 1.6380 XDUB 16:13:08 00028803450TRDU1 2 727 1.6380 XDUB 16:17:40 00028803491TRDU1 10 1.6380 XDUB 16:17:40 00028803490TRDU1 4 114 1.6380 XDUB 16:23:00 00028803551TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'transaction Transaction Reference Number', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Shares Price', '648,443,920 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'April', '16th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028800025TRDU1', '00028800490TRDU1', '00028800489TRDU1', '00028800488TRDU1', '00028800487TRDU1', '00028800555TRDU1', '00028801049TRDU1', '00028801078TRDU1', '00028801077TRDU1', '00028801076TRDU1', '00028801075TRDU1', '00028801074TRDU1', '00028801405TRDU1', '00028801404TRDU1', '00028801678TRDU1', '00028802091TRDU1', '00028802090TRDU1', '00028802089TRDU1', '00028802595TRDU1', '00028802594TRDU1', '00028802834TRDU1', '00028802972TRDU1', '00028802971TRDU1', '00028802999TRDU1', '00028803350TRDU1', '00028803354TRDU1', '00028803451TRDU1', '00028803450TRDU1', '00028803491TRDU1', '00028803490TRDU1', '00028803551TRDU1']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39433,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Publicis-Groupe-Proposes-Change-to-Its-Governance-Structure-46458910/,Publicis Groupe Proposes Change to Its Governance Structure,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] today announced a proposed change to the company’s governance  that will be put to a shareholder vote at its Annual General Meeting on 29th May  2024.Publicis ha…,Regulatory News:Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] today announced a proposed change to the company’s governance  that will be put to a shareholder vote at its Annual General Meeting on 29th May  2024.Publicis has undergone a period of sustained momentum over the past years  thanks to its unique model adapted to the needs of some of the world’s leading companies  its unmatched capabilities and the depth of its talent bench. To further support that dynamic  and the leadership teams behind it  and in anticipation of the end of his mandate in 2025  Maurice Lévy  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  submitted to the Groupe’s governing bodies a proposal to change the company’s governance. This change would see the company shift from a dual structure corporation with a Supervisory Board and Management Board (Directoire)  and instead adopt the more widespread model of a single structure corporation with a Board of Directors.Following a lengthy and rigorous process  the Supervisory Board unanimously approved the proposal  which will be subject to a vote by shareholders during the upcoming Annual General Meeting.In this new structure  Arthur Sadoun would become Chairman and CEO of the Board. His appointment would be accompanied by the creation of the role of Lead Director  and the reinforcement of the Board’s committees  as part of a well-balanced governance model and in line with AFEP-MEDEF guidelines.Maurice Lévy  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  would be named Chairman Emeritus in order for the Groupe to continue to benefit from his insight  experience  and leadership. In addition to attending board meetings  Maurice Lévy would preside over a mixed group of board members and executives  with a clear focus on innovation and foresight.These changes would allow for the continuation of the partnership formed by Lévy and Sadoun  which in the past seven years has seen Publicis become first in the industry on market capitalization.“Publicis Groupe has a long history of anticipating change and transforming itself to face the future” commented Maurice Lévy  Chairman of the Supervisory Board. “The primary responsibility of any board is to ensure that a company has both the governance structure and the teams it needs to lead it forward. With this in mind  I proposed changing the governance of the Groupe in order to put in place a Board of Directors  with Arthur Sadoun as Chairman and CEO. It’s the most effective way of maintaining the Groupe’s success  now and in the long term. I’m delighted that the Supervisory Board was unanimous in its approval of this change  and confident that our shareholders will give it their support  seeing it as the means of preserving and perpetuating the outstanding results that have taken our group to new heights.”“The aim of this change in governance is simple: to preserve the driving forces behind the Groupe’s success and maintain the model that has made Publicis our industry’s most valuable company in terms of market capitalization. It will also allow us to continue the duo that we have formed with Maurice Lévy since 2017  which has seen Publicis extract itself from the pack and emerge as a clear leader in our sector. The continuity of our partnership  combined with the incredible talent of our teams around the world and our best-in-class capabilities make us more confident than ever in our ability to help our clients transform and thrive in this ever-changing environment  and drive even greater value and innovation for all of our stakeholders. For those reasons  I hope that our shareholders will support this proposal” said Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com| Twitter |Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Instagram|Viva la Difference!View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417847386/en/,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['Publicis Groupe', 'Governance Structure', 'Change', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'four main activities', 'Maurice Lévy', 'dual structure corporation', 'single structure corporation', 'digital business transformation', 'past seven years', 'past years', 'new structure', 'marketing transformation', 'Euronext Paris', '29th May', 'sustained momentum', 'leading companies', 'unmatched capabilities', 'talent bench', 'governing bodies', 'rigorous process', 'Lead Director', 'AFEP-MEDEF guidelines', 'clear focus', 'long history', 'primary responsibility', 'effective way', 'long term', 'outstanding results', 'new heights', 'driving forces', 'clear leader', 'incredible talent', 'class capabilities', 'changing environment', 'greater value', 'The Power', 'global leader', 'value chain', 'privileged partner', 'fluid organization', 'source version', 'governance structure', 'unique model', 'widespread model', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'market capitalization', 'clients’ transformation', 'Supervisory Board', 'Management Board', 'board meetings', 'board members', 'The Groupe', 'Regulatory News', 'shareholder vote', 'mixed group', 'ten expertise', 'Publicis Groupe', 'governance model', 'leadership teams', 'CAC', 'change', 'company', 'period', 'needs', 'world', 'depth', 'dynamic', 'anticipation', 'end', 'mandate', 'Chairman', 'proposal', 'Directoire', 'Directors', 'lengthy', 'shareholders', 'CEO', 'appointment', 'creation', 'role', 'reinforcement', 'committees', 'order', 'insight', 'experience', 'addition', 'executives', 'innovation', 'foresight', 'continuation', 'partnership', 'industry', 'future', 'mind', 'place', 'success', 'approval', 'support', 'means', 'aim', 'terms', 'duo', 'pack', 'sector', 'continuity', 'ability', 'stakeholders', 'reasons', 'communication', 'step', 'consulting', 'execution', 'personalization', 'scale', 'Media', 'Data', 'Technology', 'unified', 'access', '100 countries', '103,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Difference', 'businesswire']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39434,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864422/0/en/Stellantis-to-Announce-First-Quarter-2024-Shipments-and-Revenues-on-April-30.html,Stellantis to Announce First Quarter 2024 Shipments and Revenues on April 30,Stellantis to Announce First Quarter 2024 Shipments and Revenues on April 30  AMSTERDAM  April 17  2024 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that its...,Stellantis to Announce First Quarter 2024 Shipments and Revenues on April 30AMSTERDAM  April 17  2024 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that its First Quarter 2024 Shipments and Revenues will be released on Tuesday  April 30  2024.A live webcast and conference call of the First Quarter 2024 Shipments and Revenues will begin at 2:00 p.m. CEST / 8:00 a.m. EDT on Tuesday  April 30  2024.The related press release and presentation materials are expected to be posted under the Investors section of the Company’s corporate website (www.stellantis.com) at approximately 8:00 a.m. CEST / 2:00 a.m. EDT on Tuesday  April 30  2024.Details for accessing the live webcast and conference call are already available under the Investors section of the corporate website. For those unable to participate in the live session  a recorded replay will be accessible following the event.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA/ Euronext Milan: STLAM/ Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Shipments', 'Stellantis', 'Revenues', 'April', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'First Quarter 2024 Shipments', 'related press release', 'STLA/ Euronext Milan', 'STLAM/ Euronext Paris', 'bold strategic plan', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Citroën', 'live webcast', 'conference call', 'presentation materials', 'Investors section', 'corporate website', 'live session', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'Revenues', 'April', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Tuesday', 'CEST', '8:00 a', 'Details', 'replay', 'event', 'NYSE', 'STLAP', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment', '2:00']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39435,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/teleperformance-se-combined-shareholders-meeting-of-may-23-2024-93CH-3382868,Teleperformance SE: Combined Shareholders' Meeting of May 23  2024 By Investing.com,Teleperformance SE: Combined Shareholders' Meeting of May 23  2024,Release of documents and information regarding the Shareholders' MeetingPARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:The shareholders of the Company are invited to participate in the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Teleperformance SE (Paris:TEP) to be held on Thursday May 23  2024 at 3 p.m. (Paris time) at 21-25 rue Balzac  75008 Paris  France.The preliminary notice of meeting containing the agenda and the proposed resolutions has been published in the Bulletin des Annonces LÃ©gales Obligatoires (BALO) dated March 18  2024 (no. 34). The conditions for participating and voting at this Meeting are described in said notice.The documents and information related to this Meeting will be made available in accordance with the legal and regulatory provisions in force. Documents provided for by Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code will be made available on Teleperformance's website (https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/shareholder-information/general-meetings) no later than the twenty-first day preceding the Meeting.In accordance with applicable regulatory provisions:- Registered shareholders can  from the date of convening to the fifth day (inclusive) before the Meeting  request from the Company to receive the documents referred to in Articles R.225-81 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code  including at their request  by way of an electronic mail. For holders of bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the presentation of a certificate of registration in the bearer share accounts kept by the empowered intermediary;- All shareholders can consult the documents referred to in Articles L.225-115 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code at the Company's headquarters from the date of convening.About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP “ ISIN: FR0000051807 “ Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services which consistently seeks to blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including operations consulting and high-value digital transformation services. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. The teams of multilingual  inspired  and passionate experts and advisors  spread in close to 100 countries  as well as the Group's local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2023  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 345 million (US$9 billion) and net profit of €602 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices:     S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417985409/en/Teleperformance SESource: Teleperformance SE,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Teleperformance SE', 'Investing.com', 'May', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'Annonces LÃ©gales Obligatoires', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'high-value digital transformation services', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'deferred settlement service', '21-25 rue Balzac', 'French Commercial Code', 'digital business services', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'corporate social responsibility', 'bearer share accounts', 'Euronext Paris market', 'applicable regulatory provisions', 'Teleperformance SE Source', ""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'CAC 40 ESG', 'FTSE4Good index', 'global leader', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'bearer shares', 'source version', 'Thursday May', 'Bulletin des', 'twenty-first day', 'fifth day', 'electronic mail', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'operations consulting', 'passionate experts', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'Regulatory News', 'Registered shareholders', 'The Group', 'Paris time', 'Teleperformance shares', 'preliminary notice', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance Group', '75008 Paris', 'Release', 'documents', 'information', 'Company', 'France', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'BALO', 'March', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'legal', 'force', 'Article', 'website', 'general-meetings', 'request', 'way', 'exercise', 'right', 'presentation', 'certificate', 'registration', 'intermediary', 'headquarters', 'convening', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', 'teams', 'advisors', 'close', '100 countries', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'area', 'September', 'Twitter', 'businesswire', '3']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,investing.com
39436,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELEPERFORMANCE-SE-4709/news/Teleperformance-SE-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-May-23-2024-46459005/,Teleperformance SE: Combined Shareholders' Meeting of May 23  2024,(marketscreener.com) Release of documents and information regarding the Shareholders’ Meetinghttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELEPERFORMANCE-SE-4709/news/Teleperformance-SE-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-May-23-2024-46459005/?utm_medium=RSS&ut…,Release of documents and information regarding the Shareholders’ MeetingRegulatory News:The shareholders of the Company are invited to participate in the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Teleperformance SE (Paris:TEP) to be held on Thursday May 23  2024 at 3 p.m. (Paris time) at 21-25 rue Balzac  75008 Paris  France.The preliminary notice of meeting containing the agenda and the proposed resolutions has been published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) dated March 18  2024 (no. 34). The conditions for participating and voting at this Meeting are described in said notice.The documents and information related to this Meeting will be made available in accordance with the legal and regulatory provisions in force. Documents provided for by Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code will be made available on Teleperformance’s website (https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/shareholder-information/general-meetings) no later than the twenty-first day preceding the Meeting.In accordance with applicable regulatory provisions:- Registered shareholders can  from the date of convening to the fifth day (inclusive) before the Meeting  request from the Company to receive the documents referred to in Articles R.225-81 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code  including at their request  by way of an electronic mail. For holders of bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the presentation of a certificate of registration in the bearer share accounts kept by the empowered intermediary;- All shareholders can consult the documents referred to in Articles L.225-115 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code at the Company’s headquarters from the date of convening.About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services which consistently seeks to blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world’s biggest brands and their customers. The Group’s comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including operations consulting and high-value digital transformation services. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. The teams of multilingual  inspired  and passionate experts and advisors  spread in close to 100 countries  as well as the Group’s local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2023  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 345 million (US$9 billion) and net profit of €602 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417985409/en/,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Teleperformance SE', 'May', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'high-value digital transformation services', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'deferred settlement service', 'digital business services', '21-25 rue Balzac', 'French Commercial Code', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'corporate social responsibility', 'bearer share accounts', 'Euronext Paris market', 'applicable regulatory provisions', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'bearer shares', 'Thursday May', 'Bulletin des', 'twenty-first day', 'fifth day', 'electronic mail', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'operations consulting', 'passionate experts', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'source version', 'Regulatory News', 'Registered shareholders', 'Paris time', 'The Group', 'preliminary notice', 'Teleperformance SE', 'Teleperformance shares', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance Group', '75008 Paris', 'Release', 'documents', 'information', 'Company', 'France', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'BALO', 'March', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'legal', 'force', 'Article', 'website', 'general-meetings', 'request', 'way', 'exercise', 'right', 'presentation', 'certificate', 'registration', 'intermediary', 'All', 'headquarters', 'convening', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', 'teams', 'advisors', 'close', '100 countries', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'STOXX', 'area', 'September', 'Twitter', 'businesswire', '3']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39437,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864968/0/en/NANOBIOTIX-to-Announce-Fourth-Quarter-and-Full-Year-2023-Operational-and-Financial-Update-on-April-24-2024.html,NANOBIOTIX to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Operational and Financial Update on April 24  2024,Conference call and webcast scheduled for Thursday  April 25  2024  at 8:00 am EDT / 2:00 pm. CEST Conference call and webcast scheduled for Thursday  April 25  2024  at 8:00 am EDT / 2:00 pm. CEST,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  April 17  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announced today that it will report its financial and operational results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31  2023  on Wednesday  April 24  2024  after the close of the US market.This release will be followed by a conference call and webcast on Thursday  April 25  2024  at 8:00 am EDT / 2:00 pm CEST before the US market open. During the call  Laurent Levy  chief executive officer  and Bart van Rhijn  chief financial officer  will briefly review the Company’s year-end results and provide an update on business activities for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023 before taking questions from participants.Details for the call are as follows:Live (US): 1-888-886-7786Live France: 0 800 916 834Live (international): 1-416-764-8658Call me™: Click hereParticipants can use guest dial-in numbers above and be answered by an operator or they can click the Call me™ link for instant telephone access to the event (dial-out). The Call me™ link will be made active 15 minutes prior to scheduled start time. A live webcast of the call may be accessed by visiting the investors section of the Company’s website at www.nanobiotix.com. It is recommended to join 10 minutes prior the event start. A replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and will be archived on the Company’s website.Participants are invited to email their questions in advance to investors@nanobiotix.com.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.com Investor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.com Media Relations FR – Ulysse CommunicationLaurent Wormser+ 33 (0)6 13 12 04 04lwormser@ulysse-communication.com Global – LifeSci AdvisorsKevin Gardner+1 (617) 283-2856kgardner@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Operational', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Financial Update', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'April', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'The Call me™ link', 'chief executive officer', 'Bart van Rhijn', 'instant telephone access', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'Media Relations FR', 'Investor Relations Department', 'chief financial officer', 'Nanobiotix Communications Department', 'physics-based approaches', 'The Company', 'US market', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'operational results', 'fourth quarter', 'full year', 'Laurent Levy', 'year-end results', 'business activities', 'start time', 'treatment outcomes', 'human life', 'United States', '20 umbrella patents', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'Laurent Wormser', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Kevin Gardner', 'conference call', 'treatment possibilities', 'investors section', 'event start', 'Live France', 'live webcast', 'Ulysse Communication', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'April', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'Wednesday', 'close', 'release', 'Thursday', 'update', 'questions', 'participants', 'Details', 'numbers', 'operator', 'website', 'replay', 'conclusion', 'advance', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'December', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'owner', 'applications', 'oncology', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'lwormser', 'kgardner', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Attachment', '8:00', '2:00']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39438,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS-S-A-29750724/news/GenSight-Biologics-S-A-Announces-the-Filing-of-its-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46459523/,GenSight Biologics S A : Announces the Filing of its 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com)   Paris  France  April 17  2023  7:00 pm CEST - GenSight Biologics   a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  to…,"Paris  France  April 17  2023  7:00 pm CEST - GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible)  a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  today announced the filing of its 2023 Universal Registration Document (URD) in English with the French market authority (Autorités des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) under the reference D.24-0299.The universal registration document notably includes:the 2023 annual financial report;the management report;the report on corporate governance; andthe description of the share buyback program.This universal registration document may be consulted on the Company's website (www.gensight-biologics.com)  ""Investors"" section  and on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org).",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['GenSight Biologics S A', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Filing', 'Autorités des Marchés Financiers', 'central nervous system disorders', 'innovative gene therapies', 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'French market authority', 'share buyback program', '2023 annual financial report', 'management report', 'corporate governance', 'Investors"" section', 'biopharma company', 'GenSight Biologics', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'CEST', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'filing', 'URD', 'English', 'AMF', 'reference', 'description', 'website', 'org', '7:00']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39439,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864785/0/en/LECTRA-Lectra-confirms-its-eligibility-for-PEA-PME-scheme.html,LECTRA: Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme,Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme  Paris  April 17  2024 – Lectra (FR0000065484  LSS)  a company listed on the regulated market...,Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME schemeParis  April 17  2024 – Lectra (FR0000065484  LSS)  a company listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris (compartment B)  confirms  based on the consolidated financial statements of its last fiscal year ended December 31  2023  its eligibility for inclusion in French SME equity savings plans “PEA-PME” for the next twelve months.Lectra complies with the criteria for the inclusion of companies in the PEA-PME savings plans set in Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  i.e.:having less than 5 000 employees;total revenue is below 1 5 billion euros or total assets are below 2 billion euros; andmarket capitalization is below 1 billion euros or was below this threshold at the end of at least one out of the four fiscal years preceding the fiscal year taking into consideration for the eligibility for the PEA-PME scheme.As a consequence  investment in Lectra shares can be made through PEA-PME savings accounts  relief specifically applicable to investments in small and mid-cap companies  benefiting from the same tax advantages as the traditional Equity Savings Plan (PEA).As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies.The Group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The Group is proud to state that its 3 000 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators.Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 478 million euros in 2023. The company is listed on Euronext  where it is included in the following indices: SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC Mid&Small  CAC All Shares  CAC All-Tradable  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150.For more information  visit www.lectra.comLectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 832 965 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['PEA-PME scheme', 'LECTRA', 'eligibility', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'French SME equity savings plans', 'traditional Equity Savings Plan', 'PEA-PME savings plans', 'next twelve months', 'same tax advantages', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', 'EN Tech Leaders', 'PEA-PME savings accounts', 'four fiscal years', 'consolidated financial statements', 'last fiscal year', 'CAC All Shares', 'RCS Paris B', 'CAC Mid&Small', 'French Monetary', 'compartment B', 'Financial Code', 'CAC Technology', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'ENT PEA-PME', 'total revenue', '1,5 billion euros', 'total assets', '2 billion euros', '1 billion euros', 'major player', 'furniture markets', 'Industry 4.0 revolution', 'class technologies', 'The Group', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '478 million euros', 'following indices', 'World Headquarters', 'rue Chalgrin', 'Lectra shares', 'market capitalization', 'mid-cap companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'eligibility', 'April', 'LSS', 'company', 'inclusion', 'criteria', 'Article', 'less', '5 000 employees', 'threshold', 'end', 'consideration', 'consequence', 'investment', 'relief', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'boldness', 'software', 'equipment', 'data', 'services', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '3,000 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'SBF', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39440,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864695/0/en/Belships-ASA-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-2024.html,Belships ASA: Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024,The Annual General Meeting will be held on 8 May 2024 at 11:00 CEST.   The meeting will be held as a digital meeting and can be accessed using the......,The Annual General Meeting will be held on 8 May 2024 at 11:00 CEST.The meeting will be held as a digital meeting and can be accessed using the following link: http://dnb.lumiagm/158460629Notice  registration/proxy form and relevant attachments are included in this message and will also be made available on www.belships.com   together with a guide for attendance of the digital meeting.The Company kindly ask that shareholders who have still not consented to electronic communication from Euronext Securities Oslo  update their communications information as described in the attached guide.For questions about registration and participation  please contact lumigf@dnb.noThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading ActAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting 2024', 'Belships ASA', 'Notice', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act Attachments', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'relevant attachments', 'digital meeting', 'following link', 'registration/proxy form', 'electronic communication', 'disclosure requirements', 'dnb.lumiagm', 'communications information', 'attached guide', '8 May', '11:00 CEST', 'Notice', 'message', 'www', 'belships', 'attendance', 'Company', 'shareholders', 'questions', 'participation', 'lumigf', 'Section']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39441,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEDINCELL-S-A-46472820/news/Medincell-share-price-rises-following-agreement-with-AbbVie-46454680/,Medincell: share price rises following agreement with AbbVie,(marketscreener.com) Medincell shares surged on the Paris Bourse on Wednesday morning  following the signature of a strategic agreement with AbbVie  the American company known for its flagship rheumatoid arthritis drug Humira.At 10:40 a.m.  the biopharmaceuti…,Medincell: share price rises following agreement with AbbVieApril 17  2024 at 05:10 am EDT ShareMedincell shares surged on the Paris Bourse on Wednesday morning  following the signature of a strategic agreement with AbbVie  the American company known for its flagship rheumatoid arthritis drug Humira.At 10:40 a.m.  the biopharmaceutical company's shares were up more than 7% in heavy trading  already representing 14 times the average volume achieved by the stock over the last four sessions on Euronext.By way of comparison  the CAC Mid & Small index gained just 0.8% over the same period.Under the terms of the agreement  Medincell could receive up to $1.9 billion in milestone payments  not including royalties on any future sales resulting from the collaboration.The two groups plan to co-develop and commercialize up to six products based on Medincell's platform for the injection of long-acting therapies.As a reminder  the first drug based on its technology  intended for the treatment of schizophrenia  was approved by the FDA in 2023 and is now distributed in the US by Israeli company Teva.Under the agreement unveiled today  Medincell will receive an upfront payment of $35 million.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.88,0.08,True,English,"['share price', 'Medincell', 'agreement', 'AbbVie', 'up to six products', 'flagship rheumatoid arthritis drug', 'last four sessions', 'first drug', 'share price', 'Paris Bourse', 'Wednesday morning', 'American company', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'heavy trading', 'average volume', 'CAC Mid', 'Small index', 'same period', 'milestone payments', 'future sales', 'two groups', 'long-acting therapies', 'Israeli company', 'upfront payment', 'strategic agreement', 'Medincell shares', 'AbbVie', 'April', 'signature', 'Humira', 'times', 'stock', 'Euronext', 'way', 'comparison', 'terms', 'royalties', 'collaboration', 'platform', 'injection', 'reminder', 'technology', 'treatment', 'schizophrenia', 'FDA', 'US', 'Teva', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '05', '10']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39442,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BARCO-NV-5972/news/Transparency-declaration-by-Alantra-Threshold-crossed-46459570/,Transparency declaration by Alantra: Threshold crossed,(marketscreener.com)   Transparency declaration by Alantra: Threshold crossed      17 Apr 2024 19:06 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   BARCO N.V.      Transparency declaration by Alantra: Threshold crossed ...https://www.marketscreener…,"Transparency declaration by Alantra: Threshold crossedTransparency declaration by Alantra: Threshold crossedDisclosure in accordance with the provisions of the Act of 2 May 2007: Transparency lawKortrijk  Belgium  17 April 2024  18.00 hrs - Alantra EQMC Asset Management SGIIC  S.A.  Madrid - Spain  has notified Barco NV on 12 April 2024 (Euronext: BAR; Reuters: BARBt.BR; Bloomberg: BAR BB) it has crossed the statutory threshold of 3%  holding 2 837 124 shares i.e. 3.05% of Barco's shares and voting rights as of 8 April 2024.Content of the notification from 12April 2024:Categories of notification Results of the received form Reason for notification Acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rights Notification by A person that notifies alone Persons subject to the notification requirement Alantra EQMC Asset Management SGIIC  S.A. José Ortega y Gasset 29  28006 Madrid  Spain Date on which the threshold is crossed 08/04/2024 Threshold that is crossed 3% Denominator 92 916 645 Notified details Previous notification: #of voting rights: 2 784 657 After the transaction: # of voting rights: 2 837 124 After the transaction: % of voting rights: 3.05% Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held  if applicable Alantra EQMC Asset Management SGIIC  S.A. (""Alantra EQMC"") is a subsidiary of the Alantra Group: (i) directly controlled by Alantra Investment Managers  S.L. (""Alantra IM"")  owner of 60% of share capital and voting rights of Alantra EQMC  and (ii) indirectly controlled by Alantra Partners  S.A.  owner of 80% of Alantra IM. Alantra Partners is the parent company of the Alantra Group  and it is a listed entity whose shares are admitted to trading in the Spanish Stock Exchange  in the Stock Exchange of Madrid and Barcelona. No natural person has directly or indirectly more than 25% of the voting rights of Alantra EQMC  Alantra IM nor Alantra Partners. Alantra EQMC is the investment manager that can exercise the voting rights at its discretion in the absence of specific instructions. Additional information Alantra EQMC Asset Management SGIIC  S.A. fulfills the criteria to make use of the exemption to aggregation of holdings in accordance with Article 11 of the Transparency Law and Article 21 of the Transparency Decree.For more informationWillem Fransoo  Director Investor Relations+32 56 26 23 22 or willem.fransoo@barco.comAbout BarcoBarco  headquartered in Kortrijk (Belgium)  is a global company leading in visualization  networking  and collaboration technology. Its innovative solutions drive advancements in the healthcare  enterprise  and entertainment markets. At the heart of Barco's success are over 3 000 dedicated 'visioneers'  each passionately contributing to driving change through technology.Listed on Euronext (BAR)  Reuters (BARBt.BR)  and Bloomberg (BAR BB)  Barco realized sales of 1 050 million euro in 2023.For further insights  please visitwww.barco.comorconnect on X  LinkedIn  YouTube Instagram  andFacebook.Barco. Visioneering a bright tomorrow.© 2024",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Transparency declaration', 'Alantra', 'Threshold', 'S.A. José Ortega y Gasset', 'Alantra EQMC Asset Management SGIIC', 'Director Investor Relations', 'Alantra Investment Managers', 'Spanish Stock Exchange', 'Transparency law Kortrijk', 'Alantra Group', 'Alantra IM', 'Alantra Partners', 'Transparency declaration', 'Transparency Decree', 'BARBt.BR', 'voting rights', 'voting securities', 'Full chain', 'share capital', 'parent company', 'listed entity', 'specific instructions', 'global company', 'innovative solutions', 'entertainment markets', ""3,000 dedicated 'visioneers"", 'bright tomorrow', 'BAR BB', 'notification Acquisition', 'notification requirement', 'Spain Date', 'Previous notification', 'natural person', 'Additional information', 'Willem Fransoo', 'collaboration technology', 'Barco NV', 'statutory threshold', 'Barco Barco', 'Disclosure', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Act', '2 May', 'Belgium', '17 April', '18.00 hrs', 'Madrid', '12 April', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', '2,837,124 shares', '8 April', 'Content', '12April', 'Categories', 'Results', 'Reason', 'disposal', 'Persons', 'Denominator', 'details', 'undertakings', 'holding', 'subsidiary', 'owner', 'Barcelona', 'discretion', 'absence', 'criteria', 'use', 'exemption', 'aggregation', 'Article', 'visualization', 'networking', 'advancements', 'healthcare', 'enterprise', 'heart', 'success', 'sales', '1,050 million', 'insights', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'andFacebook', '32']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39443,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/NANOBIOTIX-to-Announce-Fourth-Quarter-and-Full-Year-2023-Operational-and-Financial-Update-on-April-2-46460750/,NANOBIOTIX to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Operational and Financial Update on April 24  2024,(marketscreener.com) Conference call and webcast scheduled for Thursday  April 25  2024  at 8:00 am EDT / 2:00 pm. CESTPARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  April 17  2024 -- NANOBIOTIX   a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches t…,Conference call and webcast scheduled for Thursday  April 25  2024  at 8:00 am EDT / 2:00 pm. CESTPARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  April 17  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announced today that it will report its financial and operational results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31  2023  on Wednesday  April 24  2024  after the close of the US market.This release will be followed by a conference call and webcast on Thursday  April 25  2024  at 8:00 am EDT / 2:00 pm CEST before the US market open. During the call  Laurent Levy  chief executive officer  and Bart van Rhijn  chief financial officer  will briefly review the Company’s year-end results and provide an update on business activities for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023 before taking questions from participants.Details for the call are as follows:Live (US): 1-888-886-7786Live France: 0 800 916 834Live (international): 1-416-764-8658Call me™: Click hereParticipants can use guest dial-in numbers above and be answered by an operator or they can click the Call me™ link for instant telephone access to the event (dial-out). The Call me™ link will be made active 15 minutes prior to scheduled start time. A live webcast of the call may be accessed by visiting the investors section of the Company’s website at www.nanobiotix.com. It is recommended to join 10 minutes prior the event start. A replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and will be archived on the Company’s website.Participants are invited to email their questions in advance to investors@nanobiotix.com.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.com Investor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.com Media Relations FR – Ulysse CommunicationLaurent Wormser+ 33 (0)6 13 12 04 04lwormser@ulysse-communication.com Global – LifeSci AdvisorsKevin Gardner+1 (617) 283-2856kgardner@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.73,0.24,0.03,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Operational', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Financial Update', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'April', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'The Call me™ link', 'chief executive officer', 'Bart van Rhijn', 'instant telephone access', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'Media Relations FR', 'Investor Relations Department', 'chief financial officer', 'Nanobiotix Communications Department', 'physics-based approaches', 'The Company', 'US market', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'operational results', 'fourth quarter', 'full year', 'Laurent Levy', 'year-end results', 'business activities', 'start time', 'treatment outcomes', 'human life', 'United States', '20 umbrella patents', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'Laurent Wormser', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Kevin Gardner', 'Conference call', 'treatment possibilities', 'Live France', 'investors section', 'event start', 'live webcast', 'Ulysse Communication', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thursday', 'April', 'CEST', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'Wednesday', 'close', 'release', 'update', 'questions', 'participants', 'Details', 'numbers', 'operator', 'website', 'replay', 'conclusion', 'advance', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'December', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'owner', 'applications', 'oncology', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'lwormser', 'kgardner', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Attachment', '8:00', '2:00']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39444,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/benevolentai-publication-of-the-revised-agenda-for-the-2024-agm-93CH-3381376,BenevolentAI: Publication of the Revised Agenda for the 2024 AGM By Investing.com,BenevolentAI: Publication of the Revised Agenda for the 2024 AGM,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:BenevolentAI (BenevolentAI or the Company) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of the Revised Agenda for its Annual General Meeting set to be held on 2 May 2024 at 14:00 CEST at 2  place Winston Churchill  L-1340 Luxembourg (the 2024 AGM) (the Revised Agenda).The Revised Agenda  the revised proxy form and all other meeting documentation are now available on the Company's website (www.benevolent.com/investors/general-meetings/) and at the Company's registered office.The shareholders entitled to participate and vote at the 2024 AGM will be those who are shareholders on the record date of 18 April 2024 at 24:00 (midnight) CEST.About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent Platform™ that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in-class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery. The Company's business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: ) and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools. Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240416383292/en/Enquiries:Investors:Fleur Wood “ VP Investor Relationsfleur.wood@benevolent.aiinvestors@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360Company Secretary:Judit Molnar “ Deputy Company Secretarycosec@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360Source: BenevolentAI,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Revised Agenda', 'Investing.com', 'BenevolentAI', 'Publication', '2024 AGM', 'Deputy Company Secretary cosec', 'proprietary advanced AI tools', 'knowledge exploration tools', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other meeting documentation', 'VP Investor Relations', 'house scientific expertise', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'novel drug discovery', 'The Revised Agenda', 'novel targets', 'discovery collaborations', 'house pipelines', 'The Company', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Winston Churchill', 'L-1340 Luxembourg', 'proxy form', 'record date', 'new biology', 'complex diseases', 'wet-lab facilities', 'business model', 'multiple routes', 'value creation', 'pharma companies', 'inflection points', 'wet labs', 'New York', 'innovative medicines', 'Judit Molnar', 'registered office', 'class drugs', 'source version', 'Benevolent Platform™', 'Fleur Wood', 'LONDON', 'BenevolentAI', 'BAI', 'leader', 'publication', '2 May', '14:00 CEST', '2, place', '2024 AGM', 'website', 'investors', 'general-meetings', 'shareholders', '18 April', '24:00 (midnight', 'patients', 'science', 'combination', 'AstraZeneca', 'NASDAQ', 'Merck', 'suite', 'Cambridge', 'UK', 'forefront', 'future', 'businesswire', 'Enquiries']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,investing.com
39445,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-Publication-of-the-Revised-Agenda-for-the-2024-AGM-46451646/,BenevolentAI: Publication of the Revised Agenda for the 2024 AGM,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:BenevolentAI   a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of the Revised Agenda for its Annual General Meeting set to be held on 2 May 2024 at 14:00 CEST at…,Regulatory News:BenevolentAI (“BenevolentAI” or the “Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of the Revised Agenda for its Annual General Meeting set to be held on 2 May 2024 at 14:00 CEST at 2  place Winston Churchill  L-1340 Luxembourg (the “2024 AGM”) (the “Revised Agenda”).The Revised Agenda  the revised proxy form and all other meeting documentation are now available on the Company’s website (www.benevolent.com/investors/general-meetings/) and at the Company’s registered office.The shareholders entitled to participate and vote at the 2024 AGM will be those who are shareholders on the record date of 18 April 2024 at 24:00 (midnight) CEST.About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent PlatformTM that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in-class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery. The Company’s business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools. Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240416383292/en/,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Revised Agenda', 'BenevolentAI', 'Publication', '2024 AGM', 'proprietary advanced AI tools', 'knowledge exploration tools', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other meeting documentation', 'house scientific expertise', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'novel drug discovery', 'The Revised Agenda', 'novel targets', 'discovery collaborations', 'house pipelines', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Winston Churchill', 'proxy form', 'record date', 'new biology', 'complex diseases', 'wet-lab facilities', 'business model', 'multiple routes', 'value creation', 'pharma companies', 'inflection points', 'wet labs', 'New York', 'innovative medicines', 'source version', 'The Company', 'registered office', 'Benevolent PlatformTM', 'class drugs', 'BenevolentAI', 'BAI', 'leader', 'publication', '2 May', '14:00 CEST', 'place', 'Luxembourg', '2024 AGM', 'website', 'investors', 'general-meetings', 'shareholders', '18 April', 'midnight', 'patients', 'science', 'combination', 'AstraZeneca', 'Merck', 'suite', 'London', 'Cambridge', 'UK', 'forefront', 'future', 'businesswire', '24:00']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39446,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-Inside-Information-Ad-Hoc-Information-Publication-of-the-Revised-Agenda-for-the-202-46451706/,BenevolentAI : Inside Information / Ad Hoc Information Publication of the Revised Agenda for the 2024 AGM,(marketscreener.com)   BenevolentAI   Publication of the Revised Agenda for the 2024 AGM   LONDON  UK  17 APRIL 2024: BenevolentAI   a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of the Revise…,"BenevolentAIPublication of the Revised Agenda for the 2024 AGMLONDON  UK  17 APRIL 2024: BenevolentAI (""BenevolentAI"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of the Revised Agenda for its Annual General Meeting set to be held on 2 May 2024 at 14:00 CEST at 2  place Winston Churchill  L-1340 Luxembourg (the ""2024 AGM"") (the ""Revised Agenda"").The Revised Agenda  the revised proxy form and all other meeting documentation are now available on the Company's website (www.benevolent.com/investors/general-meetings/)and at the Company's registered office.The shareholders entitled to participate and vote at the 2024 AGM will be those who are shareholders on the record date of 18 April 2024 at 24:00 (midnight) CEST.Enquiries:Investors:Fleur Wood - VP Investor Relations fleur.wood@benevolent.aiinvestors@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360Company Secretary:Judit Molnar - Deputy Company Secretary cosec@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent PlatformTM that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in- class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery. The Company's business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools. Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Ad Hoc Information Publication', 'Inside Information', 'Revised Agenda', 'BenevolentAI', '2024 AGM', 'proprietary advanced AI tools', 'knowledge exploration tools', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other meeting documentation', 'VP Investor Relations', 'house scientific expertise', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'novel drug discovery', 'Deputy Company Secretary', 'The Revised Agenda', 'novel targets', 'discovery collaborations', 'house pipelines', 'The Company', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Winston Churchill', 'L-1340 Luxembourg', 'proxy form', 'record date', 'Fleur Wood', 'Judit Molnar', 'new biology', 'complex diseases', 'wet-lab facilities', 'business model', 'multiple routes', 'value creation', 'pharma companies', 'inflection points', 'wet labs', 'New York', 'innovative medicines', 'registered office', 'class drugs', 'Benevolent PlatformTM', 'BenevolentAI', 'Publication', '2024 AGM', 'LONDON', 'UK', 'APRIL', 'BAI', 'leader', '2 May', '14:00 CEST', 'place', 'website', 'investors', 'general-meetings', 'shareholders', 'midnight', 'Enquiries', 'patients', 'science', 'combination', 'AstraZeneca', 'Merck', 'suite', 'Cambridge', 'forefront', 'future', '24:00']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39447,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4121482.html,La Dolce Vita Orient Express Stops at Vinitaly with Its Dedicated ‘Vinitaly Lounge’,La Dolce Vita Orient Express  the first Italian venture in luxury rail hospitality  makes a stop in Verona with its curated ‘Vinitaly Lounge’ at Vinitaly  an international wine and spirits exposition in Northeast Italy. The mockup of the train will be present…,La Dolce Vita Orient Express  the first Italian venture in luxury rail hospitality  makes a stop in Verona with its curated ‘Vinitaly Lounge’ at Vinitaly  an international wine and spirits exposition in Northeast Italy. The mockup of the train will be present during the event in outdoor area Hall 9-11  marking the first public presentation of the new partnership with the prestigious oenological Salon.The partnership between La Dolce Vita Orient Express and Vinitaly has committed to annually selecting six oenological excellences present during the salon  representative of Northern  Central  and Southern Italy. The careful selection will eventually become part of the train's wine list.Further to this commitment and coinciding with Vinitaly’s 56th edition  Beck & Maltese Consulting alongside La Dolce Vita Orient Express confirmed that renowned three Michelin-starred chef  Heinz Beck  will oversee the cuisine on board the ‘Made in Italy’ rail cruises.Starting from its inaugural departures set for spring 2025  guests aboard La Dolce Vita Orient Express will have the pleasure of experiencing the selected labels and curated menu by Chef Heinz Beck. With the ambition of its cuisine to become a recognized part of UNESCO heritage  the train will offer regional and thematic routes  celebrating the culinary diversity of each region traversed during every journey.The culinary and oenological experienced showcased at Vinitaly seamlessly aligns with the luxury hospitality concept championed by Arsenale. It seeks to foster collaborations with local Italian life and celebrate the authentic symbols of Italian excellence; ranging from carriage production and product selection on board to the interior design - reinforcing the principles that have given life to La Dolce Vita Orient Express  from the very beginning.Creating an industrial model capable of elevating national and international tourism offerings by systematizing what represents the most renowned Italian brand worldwide  Made In Italy. High-profile excellence and quality are at the heart of every experience that will be recreated both off and on board the train. Special thanks therefore go to chef Heinz Beck  who with his art will guarantee guests of 'La Dolce Vita Orient Express' experiences that are hardly repeatable  and to Vinitaly for giving us the opportunity to launch and highlight  alongside the biggest labels  also those lesser-known wineries but synonymous with quality and the uniqueness typical of our incredible country. Paolo Barletta  CEO of Arsenale SpAWith this partnership we are giving our exhibitors at Vinitaly a new high-profile business opportunity towards a high-spending segment that adds to the promotional initiatives already on the calendar throughout the year in Italy and abroad in favor of Made in Italy wine. Veronafiere President Federico BricoloLa Dolce Vita Orient Express  with the support of Trenitalia-Gruppo Ferrovie dello Stato  Fondazione Fs  and Treni Turistici Italiani  is designed for travelers in search of a unique experience  entirely dedicated to Made In Italy.With its iconic journeys  each allowing to discover the richness of Italian regions  the train will cover over 16 000 km  including 7 000 km non-electrified railway  promoting the beauty of slow travel and sustainable tourism. The agreement between Arsenale and Vinitaly is based on shared values  aimed at promoting the region  respecting Italian traditions  and the excellence of ‘Made in Italy’  a unique heritage recognized worldwide.ABOUT ARSENALE S.p.A.Founded in 2020 by Paolo Barletta and Annabel Holding  Arsenale is an Italian company operating in the luxury hospitality industry. Its primary objective is enhancing the Italian tourism sector through two main divisions: Hospitality Hotel and Resort  which develops and manages luxury hotel facilities in synergy with renowned global luxury brands such as Soho House and Orient Express. The company's pipeline includes several strategic operations in Rome  Cortina  Tuscany  and Southern Italy. Luxury Train Cruising develops Orient Express La Dolce Vita  the first sustainable rail tourism project offering luxury accommodations in collaboration with Orient Express  Trenitalia-Gruppo Ferrovie dello Stato  and FS Foundation. In 2023  Arsenale began the internationalization phase by developing a new concept of luxury rail cruising  thanks to Italian know-how and craftsmanship. The company has signed a partnership with Saudi Arabia Railways  for the development of Dream of The Desert  the first luxury train expected in the Kingdom  with Etihad Railway  for the development of a luxury train that will travel across the Middle Eastern peninsula; with O'zbekiston Temir Yo'llari JSC  the Railways of Uzbekistan and the State Tourism Committee of the Republic of Uzbekistan  to develop the first luxury train in Central Asia that will run from the end of 2026 and with Egypt National Railway for the first luxury train in Egypt. www.arsenalegroup.comAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Jessaline FynboAccor,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['La Dolce Vita Orient Express', 'Dedicated ‘Vinitaly Lounge', ""O'zbekiston Temir Yo'llari JSC"", ""La Dolce Vita Orient Express' experiences"", 'Orient Express La Dolce Vita', 'first sustainable rail tourism project', 'Veronafiere President Federico Bricolo', 'Trenitalia-Gruppo Ferrovie dello Stato', 'world leading hospitality group', 'ARSENALE S.p.A.', 'renowned global luxury brands', 'new high-profile business opportunity', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'first public presentation', 'State Tourism Committee', 'luxury rail hospitality', 'luxury rail cruising', 'outdoor area Hall', 'three Michelin-starred chef', 'Treni Turistici Italiani', 'two main divisions', 'several strategic operations', 'Middle Eastern peninsula', 'luxury hospitality industry', 'first Italian venture', 'international tourism offerings', 'Italian tourism sector', 'luxury hospitality concept', 'luxury hotel facilities', 'six oenological excellences', 'first luxury train', 'renowned Italian brand', 'Saudi Arabia Railways', 'Chef Heinz Beck', 'Luxury Train Cruising', '7,000 km non-electrified railway', 'local Italian life', 'prestigious oenological Salon', 'sustainable tourism', 'Egypt National Railway', 'Hospitality Hotel', 'rail cruises', 'new concept', 'luxury accommodations', 'High-profile excellence', 'Etihad Railway', 'Italian regions', 'Italian traditions', 'Italian know-how', 'international wine', 'Italian excellence', 'spirits exposition', 'careful selection', '56th edition', 'Maltese Consulting', 'inaugural departures', 'UNESCO heritage', 'thematic routes', 'authentic symbols', 'carriage production', 'product selection', 'interior design', 'industrial model', 'Special thanks', 'lesser-known wineries', 'incredible country', 'Paolo Barletta', 'high-spending segment', 'promotional initiatives', 'Fondazione Fs', 'iconic journeys', 'slow travel', 'unique heritage', 'Annabel Holding', 'primary objective', 'Soho House', 'FS Foundation', 'internationalization phase', 'The Desert', 'new partnership', 'Italian company', 'wine list', 'Arsenale SpA', 'culinary diversity', 'biggest labels', 'unique experience', 'Central Asia', 'Northeast Italy', 'Southern Italy', 'Vinitaly Lounge', '16,000 km', 'stop', 'mockup', 'event', 'Northern', 'commitment', 'cuisine', 'board', 'Made', 'spring', 'guests', 'pleasure', 'menu', 'ambition', 'regional', 'collaborations', 'principles', 'beginning', 'quality', 'heart', 'uniqueness', 'CEO', 'exhibitors', 'calendar', 'year', 'favor', 'support', 'travelers', 'search', 'richness', 'beauty', 'agreement', 'values', 'Resort', 'synergy', 'pipeline', 'Rome', 'Cortina', 'Tuscany', 'craftsmanship', 'development', 'Dream', 'Kingdom', 'Uzbekistan', 'Republic', 'arsenalegroup', 'Accor']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,hospitalitynet.org
39448,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LA-FRANCAISE-DES-JEUX-75739100/news/Good-1st-Quarter-of-2024-for-FDJ-in-line-with-Group-projections-46458914/,Good 1st Quarter of 2024 for FDJ  in line with Group projections,(marketscreener.com) Revenue for the 1st quarter of 710 million euros  up 7%Gaming revenue1 in France of 645 million euros  up 3% on a high basis of comparison in the 1st quarter of 2023Strong momentum in online games  with revenue of 100 million eur…,Revenue for the 1st quarter of 710 million euros  up 7% Gaming revenue1 in France of 645 million euros  up 3% on a high basis of comparison in the 1st quarter of 2023 Strong momentum in online games  with revenue of 100 million euros  representing almost 15% of the Group’s total gaming revenue Tender offer for Kindred opened on 20 February 2024 for a maximum period of 9 months The completion of the tender offer remains subject  in particular  to obtaining regulatory approvals and to FDJ acquiring at least 90% of Kindred’s share capitalRegulatory News:La Française des Jeux (FDJ) (Paris:FDJ)  France’s leading gaming operator  has announced its revenue for the 1st quarter of 2024.Stéphane Pallez  Chairwoman and CEO of the FDJ Group  said: “FDJ has made a good start to the year  in line with its 2024 objectives. All our activities are growing  thanks to our network of over 29 000 retailers and a dynamic online gaming business  which now accounts for 15% of the Group’s gaming revenue. We are also confidently pressing ahead with the Kindred acquisition announced at the end of January.”Highlights of the 1st quarter of 2024- Revenue up 7% to 710 million eurosQ1 2024 €m Q1 2023 €m Change in % of which change on a like-for-like basis % Lottery 504 497 +1.4% +1.4% Sports betting and competitive online gaming 141 129 +9.5% +0.9% Other activities 65 37 +77.4% -3.7% Group total 710 662 +7.2% +1.1%Revenue for the 1st quarter of 2024 came to 710 million euros  up 7.2% and 1.1% on a like-for-like basis  a performance in line with Group projections.Gaming revenue in France rose by 3.1% to 645 million euros. Lottery revenue rose by 1.4% to 504 million euros  driven by over 4% growth in instant games  driven by the success of gaming portfolio animation such as the launch of Ticket d’Or (€5) at the beginning of January. Draw games  as expected given the unfavourable base effect  mainly for Amigo  were down by 3%. Excluding Amigo  which decline is attributable to its new formula launched at the beginning of June 2023 has stabilised  lottery revenue would have grown by more than 4%. In sports betting & online gaming open to competition  revenue came to 141 million euros  up 9.5% and up 0.9% excluding the integration of ZEturf  despite a high basis for comparison in the 1 st quarter of 2023  which had benefited in particular from the very positive impact of the World Cup at the end of 2022.This performance is attributable to the strong growth in revenue of ParionsSport En Ligne  which rose by more than 25%; which  in addition to its intrinsic momentum  also benefits from the attractiveness of poker  with a high level of cross-selling.Revenue from other activities (International and Payment & Services) came to 65 million euros  compared with 37 million euros in the 1 st quarter of 2023  an increase attributable to the integration of PLI  which performed well  driven in particular thanks to EuroDreams.quarter of 2023  an increase attributable to the integration of PLI  which performed well  driven in particular thanks to EuroDreams. The momentum of online games remains very strong  with revenue up by more than 30% to 100 million euros  representing almost 15% of the Group’s total gaming revenue. Excluding ZEturf and PLI  growth in online games revenue exceeded 20%  driven both by sports betting and online gaming open to competition and by the online lottery  which benefited from EuroDreams’ very high rate of digitalisation  as well as from the attractiveness of instant games and of the exclusive online offer.- Tender offer for KindredOn 20 February 2024  the tender offer for Kindred was opened for a maximum period of 39 weeks. Its completion remains subject  in particular  to obtaining regulatory approvals and to FDJ acquiring at least 90% of Kindred’s share capital.On 15 March 2024  Kindred’s shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting approved an amendment to the Articles of Association to allow a squeeze-out procedure to be implemented by any shareholder holding at least 90% of Kindred’s share capital.On 28 March 2024  following Veralda’s offer to sell 49% of its Kindred shares  i.e. 2.4 million shares corresponding to 1.12% of the outstanding shares  at a price of SEK122.5 per share  FDJ decided to exercise its right of pre-emption linked to Veralda’s irrevocable commitment  communicated when the transaction with Kindred was announced on 22 January 2024.As a result  FDJ acquired 2.4 million Kindred shares for SEK 294 million (€25.8 million) and Veralda’s irrevocable commitment continues to apply to its remaining 1.18% stake in Kindred. FDJ now holds 1.12% of Kindred’s outstanding shares and the irrevocable commitments (Corvex Management LP  Premier Investissement SAS  Eminence Capital  Nordea and Veralda) now represent 26.82% of Kindred’s outstanding shares.Annual General MeetingFDJ’s Annual General Meeting will be held on Thursday 25 April 2024 at 14.30 at the Palais des Congrès in Issy-les-Moulineaux (25  avenue Victor Cresson - 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux).The event will also be broadcast live on its website https://www.groupefdj.com/fr/actionnaires/assemblees-generales-fdj.html.On this occasion  the Group will propose a dividend of 1.78 euro per share in respect of the 2023 financial year  to be paid on 7 May 2024.Next financial communicationFDJ will publish its half-year results on Thursday 25 July 2024 after the close of trading.About FDJ GroupAs the leading French player in betting and gambling  and as one of the world leaders  FDJ offers the general public a responsible range of lottery games (draws and instant games)  sports betting (with its brands ParionsSport point of sale and ParionsSport online)  horse racing betting and poker. FDJ’s performance is driven by a large portfolio of iconic brands  the leading local sales network in France  a growing market  and recurring investments. The Group rolls out an innovative strategy to increase the attractiveness of its gaming and service offering across all distribution channels  by offering a responsible customer experience. FDJ Group is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A – FDJ.PA) and is part of the SBF 120  Euronext 100  Euronext Vigeo 20  EN EZ ESG L 80  STOXX Europe 600  MSCI Europe and FTSE Euro indices.For more information  visit www.groupefdj.com@FDJ FDJ @FDJ_official @FDJ1 Lottery and sports betting & online gaming open to competition.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417910207/en/,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,mixed,0.69,0.06,0.25,True,English,"['Good 1st Quarter', 'Group projections', 'FDJ', 'line', 'La Française des Jeux', 'Palais des Congrès', 'total gaming revenue Tender offer', 'dynamic online gaming business', 'EuroDreams’ very high rate', 'Ticket d’Or', 'unfavourable base effect', 'ParionsSport En Ligne', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Corvex Management LP', 'Premier Investissement SAS', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading gaming operator', 'gaming portfolio animation', 'competitive online gaming', 'Stéphane Pallez', 'exclusive online offer', 'online games revenue', '2.4 million Kindred shares', 'Gaming revenue1', 'high level', 'online lottery', '2.4 million shares', '1 st quarter', 'instant games', 'Draw games', 'outstanding shares', '710 million euros', '645 million euros', '100 million euros', '504 million euros', '141 million euros', '65 million euros', '37 million euros', 'high basis', 'maximum period', 'regulatory approvals', 'Regulatory News', 'good start', 'Sports betting', 'new formula', 'positive impact', 'World Cup', 'squeeze-out procedure', 'irrevocable commitment', 'remaining 1.18% stake', 'Eminence Capital', 'Thursday 25 April', 'Victor Cresson', '1st quarter', 'share capital', 'Strong momentum', 'Other activities', 'intrinsic momentum', 'Lottery revenue', 'Group projections', 'strong growth', 'Kindred acquisition', 'FDJ Group', '4% growth', 'France', 'comparison', '20 February', '9 months', 'completion', 'Chairwoman', 'CEO', 'year', '2024 objectives', 'network', '29,000 retailers', 'January', 'Highlights', 'Q1', 'Change', 'performance', 'success', 'launch', 'beginning', 'Amigo', 'decline', 'June', 'competition', 'integration', 'ZEturf', 'addition', 'attractiveness', 'poker', 'cross', 'selling', 'International', 'Payment', 'Services', 'increase', 'PLI', 'digitalisation', '39 weeks', '15 March', 'shareholders', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', '28 March', 'Veralda', 'price', 'SEK12', 'right', 'pre-emption', 'transaction', 'result', 'Nordea', 'Issy-les-Moulineaux', 'avenue', 'event']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39449,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/publicis-groupe-proposes-change-to-its-governance-structure-93CH-3382745,Publicis Groupe Proposes Change to Its Governance Structure By Investing.com,Publicis Groupe Proposes Change to Its Governance Structure,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  40] today announced a proposed change to the company's governance  that will be put to a shareholder vote at its Annual General Meeting on 29th May  2024.Publicis has undergone a period of sustained momentum over the past years  thanks to its unique model adapted to the needs of some of the world's leading companies  its unmatched capabilities and the depth of its talent bench. To further support that dynamic  and the leadership teams behind it  and in anticipation of the end of his mandate in 2025  Maurice LÃ©vy  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  submitted to the Groupe's governing bodies a proposal to change the company's governance. This change would see the company shift from a dual structure corporation with a Supervisory Board and Management Board (Directoire)  and instead adopt the more widespread model of a single structure corporation with a Board of Directors.Following a lengthy and rigorous process  the Supervisory Board unanimously approved the proposal  which will be subject to a vote by shareholders during the upcoming Annual General Meeting.In this new structure  Arthur Sadoun would become Chairman and CEO of the Board. His appointment would be accompanied by the creation of the role of Lead Director  and the reinforcement of the Board's committees  as part of a well-balanced governance model and in line with AFEP-MEDEF guidelines.Maurice LÃ©vy  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  would be named Chairman Emeritus in order for the Groupe to continue to benefit from his insight  experience  and leadership. In addition to attending board meetings  Maurice LÃ©vy would preside over a mixed group of board members and executives  with a clear focus on innovation and foresight.These changes would allow for the continuation of the partnership formed by LÃ©vy and Sadoun  which in the past seven years has seen Publicis become first in the industry on market capitalization.Publicis Groupe has a long history of anticipating change and transforming itself to face the future commented Maurice LÃ©vy  Chairman of the Supervisory Board. The primary responsibility of any board is to ensure that a company has both the governance structure and the teams it needs to lead it forward. With this in mind  I proposed changing the governance of the Groupe in order to put in place a Board of Directors  with Arthur Sadoun as Chairman and CEO. It's the most effective way of maintaining the Groupe's success  now and in the long term. I'm delighted that the Supervisory Board was unanimous in its approval of this change  and confident that our shareholders will give it their support  seeing it as the means of preserving and perpetuating the outstanding results that have taken our group to new heights.The aim of this change in governance is simple: to preserve the driving forces behind the Groupe's success and maintain the model that has made Publicis our industry's most valuable company in terms of market capitalization. It will also allow us to continue the duo that we have formed with Maurice LÃ©vy since 2017  which has seen Publicis extract itself from the pack and emerge as a clear leader in our sector. The continuity of our partnership  combined with the incredible talent of our teams around the world and our best-in-class capabilities make us more confident than ever in our ability to help our clients transform and thrive in this ever-changing environment  and drive even greater value and innovation for all of our stakeholders. For those reasons  I hope that our shareholders will support this proposal said Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients' transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com| Twitter | Facebook (NASDAQ: ) | LinkedIn | YouTube | Instagram | Viva la Difference!View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417847386/en/Publicis GroupeAmy HadfieldCommunication Director+ 33 (0)1 44 43 70 75amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.comJean-Michel BonamyInvestor Relations+ 33 (0)1 44 43 74 88jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.comSource: Publicis Groupe,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['Publicis Groupe', 'Governance Structure', 'Change', 'Investing', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'Amy Hadfield Communication Director', 'four main activities', 'Maurice LÃ©vy', 'dual structure corporation', 'single structure corporation', 'past seven years', 'digital business transformation', 'past years', 'Lead Director', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'new structure', 'marketing transformation', 'Regulatory News', '29th May', 'sustained momentum', 'leading companies', 'unmatched capabilities', 'talent bench', 'governing bodies', 'rigorous process', 'AFEP-MEDEF guidelines', 'clear focus', 'long history', 'primary responsibility', 'effective way', 'long term', 'outstanding results', 'new heights', 'driving forces', 'clear leader', 'incredible talent', 'class capabilities', 'changing environment', 'greater value', 'The Power', 'global leader', 'value chain', 'privileged partner', 'fluid organization', 'Investor Relations', 'governance structure', 'unique model', 'widespread model', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'The Groupe', 'Euronext Paris', 'market capitalization', ""clients' transformation"", 'Supervisory Board', 'Management Board', 'board meetings', 'board members', 'shareholder vote', 'mixed group', 'ten expertise', 'source version', 'Jean-Michel Bonamy', 'Publicis Groupe', 'valuable company', 'governance model', 'leadership teams', 'change', 'period', 'needs', 'world', 'depth', 'dynamic', 'anticipation', 'end', 'mandate', 'Chairman', 'proposal', 'Directoire', 'Directors', 'lengthy', 'shareholders', 'CEO', 'appointment', 'creation', 'role', 'reinforcement', 'committees', 'order', 'insight', 'experience', 'addition', 'executives', 'innovation', 'foresight', 'continuation', 'partnership', 'industry', 'future', 'mind', 'place', 'success', 'approval', 'support', 'means', 'aim', 'terms', 'duo', 'pack', 'sector', 'continuity', 'ability', 'stakeholders', 'reasons', 'CAC', 'step', 'consulting', 'execution', 'personalization', 'scale', 'Media', 'Data', 'Technology', 'unified', 'access', '100 countries', '103,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'NASDAQ', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Viva', 'Difference', 'businesswire']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,investing.com
39450,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-publishes-its-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46458530/,Ipsen publishes its 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com)    Ipsen publishes its 2023 Universal Registration Document PARIS  FRANCE  17 April 2024 - Ipsen   a global specialty biopharmaceutical group  announces that its 2023 Universal Registration Document has been filed with the French Autorité…,Ipsen publishes its2023 Universal Registration DocumentPARIS  FRANCE  17 April 2024 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty biopharmaceutical group  announces that its 2023 Universal Registration Document has been filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers on 17 April 2024 and registered under the number D.24-0288.The document is available on ipsen.com and amf-france.org. Copies will also be available at Ipsen’s headquarters – 65 quai Georges Gorse  92100 Boulogne-Billancourt  France.The following documents are incorporated into the 2023 Universal Registration Document:Annual Financial Report Board of Directors’ Report on Corporate Governance.About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience.Our pipeline is fueled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 80 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen contactsInvestorsCraig Marks | + 44 (0) 7584 349 193| + 44 (0) 7584 349 193 Nicolas Bogler | + 33 (6) 52 19 98 92MediaAmy Wolf | + 41 (0) 79 576 07 23| + 41 (0) 79 576 07 23 Ioana Piscociu | + 33 (0) 6 69 09 12 96Disclaimers and/or Forward-Looking StatementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Ipsen', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'currency exchange rate fluctuations', 'global specialty biopharmaceutical group', 'global biopharmaceutical company', '65 quai Georges Gorse', 'three therapeutic areas', 'general economic factors', 'pharmaceutical industry regulation', 'reasonable macroeconomic conditions', 'general industry conditions', 'healthcare cost containment', 'early development phase', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'potential future acquisitions', 'necessary regulatory approvals', 'Annual Financial Report', 'future market conditions', 'U.S.', 'interest rate', 'global hubs', 'global trends', 'Directors’ Report', 'healthcare legislation', 'financial instability', 'development experience', 'development process', 'new-medicine development', 'following documents', 'Corporate Governance', 'Rare Disease', 'external innovation', 'U.K.', 'Craig Marks', 'Nicolas Bogler', 'Amy Wolf', 'Ioana Piscociu', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'management strategy', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'similar expressions', 'regulatory filings', 'clinical trial', 'market share', 'several stages', 'substantial risk', 'significant sums', 'effective nature', 'technological advances', 'manufacturing difficulties', 'international economies', 'sovereign risk', 'other protections', 'regulatory actions', 'third parties', 'substantial royalties', 'actual results', 'favorable results', 'future ability', 'future events', 'financial targets', 'transformative medicines', 'external-growth assumptions', 'historical data', 'underlying assumptions', 'innovative medicines', 'patent litigation', 'promising medicine', 'generic medicine', 'new medicine', 'unknown risks', 'Other risks', 'commercial targets', 'competition reasons', 'Ipsen contacts', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '17 April', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'number', 'Copies', 'headquarters', '92100 Boulogne-Billancourt', 'Board', 'focus', 'patients', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'pipeline', '100 years', 'teams', '40 countries', 'partnerships', 'world', '80 countries', 'information', 'Investors', 'Media', 'Disclaimers', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'Use', 'words', 'expects', 'expectations', 'determinations', 'account', 'parameters', 'facts', 'occurrence', 'loss', 'research', 'efforts', 'regards', 'safe', 'guarantees', 'impact', 'patents', 'competitors', 'challenges', 'delays', 'dependence', 'effectiveness', 'exposure', 'ways', '44']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39451,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7365713454342041,Agreement with Futura Vacanze for Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr. Travel Services,Sostravel.com   S.p.A. announces that it has signed a new multi-year agreement with Futura Vacanze  one of the leading Italian Tour Operators  to offer vacations to the Sea  Mountains  and Wellness destinations.     The Lost Luggage Concierge service i...,"Agreement with Futura Vacanze for Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr. Travel ServicesSostravel.com S.p.A. announces that it has signed a new multi-year agreement with Futura Vacanze  one of the leading Italian Tour Operators  to offer vacations to the Sea  Mountains  and Wellness destinations.The Lost Luggage Concierge service is an exclusive luggage search  tracking  and delivery service automatically included in Futura Vacanze packages with international destinations. The service includes active tracking with compensation of up to €100 per day for delayed luggage delivery starting 48 hours after the report and up to €4 000 for permanent luggage loss. Customers traveling within Italy can purchase the service as an add-on.Dr. Travel is a telemedicine service that changes how travelers receive instant medical assistance. It offers on-call video consultations for travelers needing medical advice during their trips. Dr. Travel will be provided to all Futura Vacanze international travelers so they can book and conduct visits with a doctor/paediatrician through their smartphones.Massimo Crippa  General Manager of Sostravel.com  commented: ""We are pleased to announce a new strategic partnership with Futura Vacanze  which marks a significant step forward in our commitment to providing innovative and valuable services to travelers. Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr. Travel will be available to Futura Vacanze customers traveling abroad  offering immediate and reliable solutions for any issues during their journeys.""About Sostravel.comSostravel.com S.p.A. is a company providing digital services to travelers  operating through the sostravel and flio apps and the web platforms www.sostravel.com and www.amare.travel .Over 1 million travelers worldwide have used Sostravel.com as a travel companion to find deals and receive information to improve the quality of their trips. The company is listed on the Euronext Growth Milan under the symbol SOS and on the OTCQB in New York under the symbol SOSAF.About Futura VacanzeFounded in 1995  it is one of the leading Tour Operators in Italy. It specializes in resort villages under the Futura Club and Futura Style brands. Subsequently  the company has expanded its presence beyond national borders by announcing an expansion in Kenya.Futura Vacanze offers a variety of destinations in Italy—with resorts in Sardinia  Sicily  Calabria  Puglia  Basilicata  and Campania—and abroad  such as Kenya  Tunisia  Marsa Alam  and Sharm El Sheikh.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417999098/en/Sostravel.comEdoardo ZarghettaInvestor.relations@sostravel.com",neutral,0.17,0.62,0.21,mixed,0.33,0.26,0.41,True,English,"['Lost Luggage Concierge', 'Dr. Travel Services', 'Futura Vacanze', 'Agreement', 'Sostravel.com S.p.A.', 'The Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'leading Italian Tour Operators', 'leading Tour Operators', 'Futura Vacanze international travelers', 'exclusive luggage search', 'permanent luggage loss', 'call video consultations', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Sharm El Sheikh', 'new strategic partnership', 'instant medical assistance', 'Futura Style brands', 'Futura Vacanze packages', 'new multi-year agreement', 'Futura Vacanze customers', 'Dr. Travel Services', 'luggage delivery', 'international destinations', 'New York', 'medical advice', 'Futura Club', 'valuable services', 'digital services', 'delivery service', 'telemedicine service', 'Massimo Crippa', 'General Manager', 'significant step', 'reliable solutions', 'flio apps', 'web platforms', 'travel companion', 'resort villages', 'national borders', 'Marsa Alam', 'source version', 'Edoardo Zarghetta', 'Wellness destinations', '1 million travelers', 'active tracking', 'vacations', 'Mountains', 'compensation', 'day', 'report', 'Italy', 'add', 'trips', 'visits', 'doctor/paediatrician', 'smartphones', 'commitment', 'innovative', 'immediate', 'issues', 'journeys', 'company', 'Over', 'deals', 'information', 'quality', 'symbol', 'OTCQB', 'SOSAF', 'presence', 'expansion', 'Kenya', 'variety', 'resorts', 'Sardinia', 'Sicily', 'Calabria', 'Puglia', 'Basilicata', 'Campania', 'Tunisia', 'businesswire', 'Investor', 'relations']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,investorsobserver.com
39452,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOSTRAVEL-COM-S-P-A-45130316/news/Agreement-with-Futura-Vacanze-for-Lost-Luggage-Concierge-and-Dr-Travel-Services-46455301/,Agreement with Futura Vacanze for Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr. Travel Services,(marketscreener.com) Sostravel.com S.p.A. announces that it has signed a new multi-year agreement with Futura Vacanze  one of the leading Italian Tour Operators  to offer vacations to the Sea  Mountains  and Wellness destinations.The Lost Luggage Concierg…,"Sostravel.com S.p.A. announces that it has signed a new multi-year agreement with Futura Vacanze  one of the leading Italian Tour Operators  to offer vacations to the Sea  Mountains  and Wellness destinations.The Lost Luggage Concierge service is an exclusive luggage search  tracking  and delivery service automatically included in Futura Vacanze packages with international destinations. The service includes active tracking with compensation of up to €100 per day for delayed luggage delivery starting 48 hours after the report and up to €4 000 for permanent luggage loss. Customers traveling within Italy can purchase the service as an add-on.Dr. Travel is a telemedicine service that changes how travelers receive instant medical assistance. It offers on-call video consultations for travelers needing medical advice during their trips. Dr. Travel will be provided to all Futura Vacanze international travelers so they can book and conduct visits with a doctor/paediatrician through their smartphones.Massimo Crippa  General Manager of Sostravel.com  commented: ""We are pleased to announce a new strategic partnership with Futura Vacanze  which marks a significant step forward in our commitment to providing innovative and valuable services to travelers. Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr. Travel will be available to Futura Vacanze customers traveling abroad  offering immediate and reliable solutions for any issues during their journeys.""About Sostravel.comSostravel.com S.p.A. is a company providing digital services to travelers  operating through the sostravel and flio apps and the web platforms www.sostravel.com and www.amare.travel.Over 1 million travelers worldwide have used Sostravel.com as a travel companion to find deals and receive information to improve the quality of their trips. The company is listed on the Euronext Growth Milan under the symbol SOS and on the OTCQB in New York under the symbol SOSAF.About Futura VacanzeFounded in 1995  it is one of the leading Tour Operators in Italy. It specializes in resort villages under the Futura Club and Futura Style brands. Subsequently  the company has expanded its presence beyond national borders by announcing an expansion in Kenya.Futura Vacanze offers a variety of destinations in Italy—with resorts in Sardinia  Sicily  Calabria  Puglia  Basilicata  and Campania—and abroad  such as Kenya  Tunisia  Marsa Alam  and Sharm El Sheikh.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417999098/en/",neutral,0.17,0.62,0.21,mixed,0.36,0.17,0.47,True,English,"['Lost Luggage Concierge', 'Dr. Travel Services', 'Futura Vacanze', 'Agreement', 'Sostravel.com S.p.A.', 'The Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'leading Italian Tour Operators', 'leading Tour Operators', 'Futura Vacanze international travelers', 'exclusive luggage search', 'permanent luggage loss', 'call video consultations', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Sharm El Sheikh', 'new multi-year agreement', 'new strategic partnership', 'Futura Style brands', 'instant medical assistance', 'Futura Vacanze packages', 'Futura Vacanze customers', 'luggage delivery', 'international destinations', 'New York', 'Futura Club', 'medical advice', 'delivery service', 'telemedicine service', 'Massimo Crippa', 'General Manager', 'significant step', 'valuable services', 'reliable solutions', 'digital services', 'flio apps', 'web platforms', 'resort villages', 'national borders', 'Marsa Alam', 'source version', 'Dr. Travel', 'travel companion', 'Wellness destinations', '1 million travelers', 'active tracking', 'vacations', 'Mountains', 'compensation', 'day', 'report', 'Italy', 'add', 'trips', 'visits', 'doctor/paediatrician', 'smartphones', 'commitment', 'innovative', 'immediate', 'issues', 'journeys', 'company', 'Over', 'deals', 'information', 'quality', 'symbol', 'OTCQB', 'SOSAF', 'presence', 'expansion', 'Kenya', 'variety', 'resorts', 'Sardinia', 'Sicily', 'Calabria', 'Puglia', 'Basilicata', 'Campania', 'Tunisia', 'businesswire', 'news']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39453,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXAIL-TECHNOLOGIES-5158/news/Exail-Technologies-Information-on-the-SEA-1905-program-for-the-Australian-navy-46458624/,Exail Technologies :  Information on the SEA-1905 program for the Australian navy,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseParis  17 April 2024  The Australian Government announced today the cancellation of its third Generation Mine Warfare Program SEA-1905. This stop follows the defence programs review that redefined the equipment priorit…,"Press releaseParis  17 April 2024The Australian Government announced today the cancellation of its third Generation Mine Warfare Program SEA-1905. This stop follows the defence programs review that redefined the equipment priorities of the Australian Defence Forces to take into account budget constraints.Exail takes note of this decision and thanks the Australian Government for allowing it to be selected as one of the two best consortia to carry out the project. Exail will remain committed in Australia to meet the future needs of the country's armed forces with all of its unique technologies in navigation  sonars and autonomous systems for surface and underwater vehicles.The group's commercial activity remains intense and Exail Technologies maintains its confidence in its ability to achieve its medium-term growth ambitions.About Exail TechnologiesExail Technologies is the new name of the Gorgé Group  adopted after the transformation of the group at the end of 2022  now focused on the activities of its subsidiary Exail. Exail Technologies is an industrial company specialized in high technologies in the field of autonomous robotics with a vertical integration of the professions. The group offers complex drone systems  navigation  as well as products for aerospace and photonics. Exail Technologies delivers performance  reliability and security to its civilian and military customers operating in harsh environments and generates revenues in nearly 80 countries.Exail Technologies is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (EXA).www.exail-technologies.comContacts : Investor RelationsHugo SoussanTel. +33 (0)1 44 77 94 86h.soussan@ exail-technologies.comAnne-Pauline PetureauxTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72apetureaux@actus.fr Media relationsManon ClairetTél. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xW1sk5lqlWuXnJ6daJxll2Voa25jm5WcmpSWlmeak53Jam2VyZyXb5uXZnFmlmhv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85139-cp_exail-technologies_australie_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.1,0.41,True,English,"['Exail Technologies', 'SEA-1905 program', 'Australian navy', 'Information', 'third Generation Mine Warfare Program', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'defence programs review', 'two best consortia', 'medium-term growth ambitions', 'complex drone systems', 'The Australian Government', 'Australian Defence Forces', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'armed forces', 'autonomous systems', 'other releases', 'equipment priorities', 'budget constraints', 'future needs', 'underwater vehicles', 'commercial activity', 'new name', 'autonomous robotics', 'vertical integration', 'military customers', 'harsh environments', 'Investor Relations', 'Anne-Pauline Petureaux', 'Media relations', 'Manon Clairet', 'Tél', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'unique technologies', 'high technologies', 'subsidiary Exail', 'Exail Technologies', 'industrial company', 'Hugo Soussan', 'Gorgé Group', '17 April', 'cancellation', 'stop', 'account', 'note', 'decision', 'project', 'country', 'navigation', 'sonars', 'surface', 'confidence', 'ability', 'transformation', 'end', 'activities', 'field', 'professions', 'products', 'aerospace', 'photonics', 'performance', 'civilian', 'revenues', '80 countries', 'exail-technologies', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'apetureaux', 'fr', 'mclairet', 'publication', 'xW1sk5lqlWuXnJ6daJxll2Voa25jm5WcmpSWlmeak53Jam2VyZyXb5uXZnFmlmhv', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '2024']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39454,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4121474.html,Accor continues to lead with an unprecedented portfolio of brands in 2024,Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  continues to evolve and strengthen its outstanding portfolio of brands in 2024  achieving key milestones while continuing to pioneer new and exciting experiences throughout its network. Over the course of its 57-year …,Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  continues to evolve and strengthen its outstanding portfolio of brands in 2024  achieving key milestones while continuing to pioneer new and exciting experiences throughout its network. Over the course of its 57-year history  Accor has progressively shaped an industry-leading portfolio of 45+ hospitality brands  meeting the diverse needs and expectations of guests all around the world. In 2024  Accor is leveraging these brands to push forward on its transformational journey toward a new paradigm of hospitality. The company’s divisional realignment with its Luxury & Lifestyle brands (L&L) and its Premium  Midscale & Economy brands (PM&E) has created an ideal structure for supporting the unique qualities of each brand with the resources necessary for growth. It has also allowed Accor to nurture its relationships with owners  guests and talents  while continuing its legacy of providing industry-leading service across every segment.Our vision is to build on and further enhance the holistic  integrated ecosystem of services and experiences we’ve put into place  led by the strength of our incredible hospitality brands. As the world adapts to new ways of living  working  and traveling  Accor continues to ambitiously innovate with new offerings such as Emblems Collection  Handwritten Collection  and greet in addition to our many brands that have stood the test of time. These remarkable brands - Orient Express  Raffles  Fairmont  Sofitel  Pullman  Novotel  Mercure  ibis to name a few - are also leading us into the future of hospitality  with people  care  and emotion at the heart of each experience. Sebastien Bazin  Group Chairman & CEO  AccorCELEBRATING MILESTONESIn 2024  Accor is celebrating both the 60th anniversary of Sofitel – which is regarded as the first international luxury hotel brand originating from France – and the 50th anniversary of ibis  one of the world’s best known economy brands. Later in the year  Accor will also open the 1000th hotel for Mercure – a portfolio of locally inspired hotels that is present in almost every corner of the world  beckoning in-the-know travellers to unveil the treasures surrounding each address.TRANSCENDING TIMEAccor is proud to own and operate four of the world’s seven centennial global hospitality brands. These beloved brands have demonstrated their power and resilience to evolve for more than hundred years  understanding the changing needs and interests of their guests while continuing to expand their presence around the globe. Pullman (1867)  Orient Express (1883)  Raffles (1887)  and Fairmont (1907) continue to thoughtfully pioneer new ways of delivering outstanding hospitality experiences while staying true to their character  their values and their world-class service. In addition to these rare brands  Accor is also the steward of many of the world’s most iconic hotels. For example  landmarks such as Raffles Singapore; The Savoy  A Fairmont Managed Hotel in London; and Sofitel Legend Old Cataract Aswan have all established unparalleled guest loyalty with aspirational travel experiences that continue to capture the imagination of all generations of travellers  year after year. Upcoming  travellers will find new inspiration with the opening of Orient Express Grand Hotel de la Minerve (late 2024/early 2025) in Italy or the introduction of more once-in-a-lifetime adventures with Fairmont’s Beyond LIMITS program.TRANSFORMING EXPERIENCESAs Accor’s hotel and resort teams continue to welcome guests with curated stay experiences that provide thoughtful service with kindness  generosity  and care  Accor’s corporate teams are ambitiously designing innovative brand extensions and one-of-a-kind opportunities that are meaningful and memorable. Globally  Handwritten Collection encapsulates Accor’s commitment to unique and authentic guest experiences and has become one of the world’s fastest-growing midscale collection brands. The company’s progress in the fast-growing branded residences segment has also continued  with over 150 branded residences communities expected to come to fruition by 2027 through the innovative Accor One Living platform. Accor has also embraced the “work-from-anywhere” shift and serves up unique and immersive experiences through lifestyle  luxury and long-stay offerings  all-inclusive resorts  and extended stay accommodations.SUSTAINABILITY AT HEARTAccor’s approach to hospitality has always put people  care  and emotion at the heart of the experience  with a commitment to sustainability and a community-centric approach. The Group seeks to give back more than it takes  with all its brands taking action to preserve biodiversity and connect with local cultures. In 2024  Accor’s commitment is evident through initiatives such as eliminating single-use plastics in the guest experience  measuring carbon emissions and providing ESG training to talents. The company will also continue pushing forward on its action to independently eco-certify all of its hotels by 2026.BLUE SKIES AHEADLooking ahead  Accor will continue with an ambitious commitment to its brands and supporting their expansion into top destinations globally including fast growing markets such as China  Japan  Saudi Arabia  Brazil  and India. The booming tourism industries in these countries allows Accor to amplify its offerings of authentic experiences through its diverse brand portfolio. With 225 000 rooms and 1 315 hotels in the pipeline  Accor will also open the doors this year to new icons such as Raffles Jaipur and Fairmont Golden Prague  while also adding several additional hotels including Gigiri Gem Forest Hotel Nairobi – MGallery  Mövenpick Hotel Jakarta City Centre  Novotel Nara  and TRIBE Belo Horizonte. Ennismore – which represents Accor’s presence in the lifestyle category - will swing open the doors at new hotspots such as Rixos Obhur Jeddah  Hyde London City  25hours Hotel The Oddbird  Jakarta  SLS Barcelona  JO&JOE Budapest  and Mama Shelter Nice. Through its unmatched family of brands  Accor continues to expand the horizons of its own world – and the worlds of its guests.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Line CrieloueGroup external communications - Executive Director - Corporate+33 1 45 38 18 11Accor,neutral,0.19,0.8,0.01,positive,0.66,0.33,0.01,True,English,"['unprecedented portfolio', 'Accor', 'brands', 'Orient Express Grand Hotel de la Minerve', 'Sofitel Legend Old Cataract Aswan', 'innovative Accor One Living platform', 'first international luxury hotel brand', 'seven centennial global hospitality brands', 'A Fairmont Managed Hotel', 'growing branded residences segment', 'growing midscale collection brands', 'innovative brand extensions', '150 branded residences communities', 'holistic, integrated ecosystem', 'extended stay accommodations', 'BLUE SKIES AHEAD', 'unparalleled guest loyalty', 'aspirational travel experiences', 'curated stay experiences', 'authentic guest experiences', 'world-leading hospitality group', '45+ hospitality brands', 'incredible hospitality brands', 'outstanding hospitality experiences', '1000th hotel', 'Premium, Midscale', 'Emblems Collection', 'Handwritten Collection', 'exciting experiences', 'TRANSFORMING EXPERIENCES', 'immersive experiences', 'Group Chairman', 'The Group', 'Economy brands', 'many brands', 'remarkable brands', 'beloved brands', 'rare brands', 'outstanding portfolio', '57-year history', 'diverse needs', 'transformational journey', 'divisional realignment', 'L&L', 'ideal structure', 'industry-leading service', 'Sebastien Bazin', '60th anniversary', '50th anniversary', 'hundred years', 'changing needs', 'world-class service', 'The Savoy', 'lifetime adventures', 'LIMITS program', 'resort teams', 'thoughtful service', 'corporate teams', 'kind opportunities', 'long-stay offerings', 'inclusive resorts', 'local cultures', 'single-use plastics', 'carbon emissions', 'ESG training', 'new paradigm', 'new ways', 'new offerings', 'new inspiration', 'Lifestyle brands', 'industry-leading portfolio', 'key milestones', 'TRANSCENDING TIME', 'community-centric approach', 'unique qualities', 'iconic hotels', 'Raffles Singapore', 'network', 'course', 'expectations', 'guests', 'company', 'resources', 'growth', 'relationships', 'owners', 'talents', 'legacy', 'services', 'place', 'strength', 'addition', 'test', 'Pullman', 'Novotel', 'Mercure', 'ibis', 'future', 'people', 'care', 'emotion', 'heart', 'CEO', 'CELEBRATING', 'France', 'corner', 'know', 'travellers', 'treasures', 'address', 'power', 'resilience', 'interests', 'presence', 'globe', 'character', 'values', 'steward', 'example', 'landmarks', 'London', 'imagination', 'generations', 'opening', 'Italy', 'introduction', 'Beyond', 'kindness', 'generosity', 'commitment', 'progress', 'fruition', 'shift', 'SUSTAINABILITY', 'action', 'biodiversity', 'initiatives']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,hospitalitynet.org
39455,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Availability-or-consultation-of-the-information-relating-to-the-combined-General-M-46458537/,Societe Generale: Availability or consultation of the information relating to the combined General Meeting of Shareholders dated 22 May 2024,(marketscreener.com) AVAILABILITY OR CONSULTATION OF THE INFORMATION RELATING TO THE COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS DATED 22 MAY 2024  Press release Paris  17 April 2024 The Combined General Meeting of shareholders will be held on 22 May 2024  at 4 …,AVAILABILITY OR CONSULTATION OF THE INFORMATION RELATING TO THE COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS DATED 22 MAY 2024Press releaseParis  17 April 2024The Combined General Meeting of shareholders will be held on 22 May 2024  at 4 pm  at the Maison de la Mutualité – 24  Rue Saint-Victor – 75005 Paris.The notice of meeting and the convening notice relating to this Meeting were respectively published in the Bulletins des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) dated 8 March and 17 April 2024.These notices  the convening brochure as well as the documents and information mentioned in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code intended to be presented to the Meeting are now (regarding the information mentioned in Article R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code) or will be made available to the shareholders on Societe Generale’s website at the following address:https://www.societegenerale.com/en/societe-generale-group/governance/annual-general-meeting .The documents to be made available to the shareholders as part of this Meeting  may be consulted by the shareholders  in accordance with the conditions provided by the applicable regulations  at the administrative office of Societe Generale  17  Cours Valmy – 92972 La Défense Cedex (France)  by sending a request by email to the electronic address: General.meeting@socgen.com.Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with more than 126 000 employees serving about 25 million clients in 65 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['combined General Meeting', 'Societe Generale', 'Availability', 'consultation', 'information', 'Shareholders', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'Maison de la Mutualité', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'La Défense Cedex', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'leading digital bank', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'three complementary sets', 'specialized financing activities', 'French Commercial Code', 'distinctive global leadership', 'sustainable value creation', 'several African countries', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'French Retail', 'Global Banking', 'Leasing Services', 'Inclusion Index', 'leading franchises', 'International Retail', 'leading partner', 'global player', 'General.meeting', 'sustainable future', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'Press release', 'Rue Saint-Victor', 'convening brochure', 'Article R.', 'following address', 'applicable regulations', 'administrative office', 'Cours Valmy', 'electronic address', 'Press contacts', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'financial solutions', 'trusted relationships', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'equity derivatives', 'universal banks', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'sustainable mobility', 'Societe Generale', 'convening notice', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'The Group', '25 million clients', 'individual clients', 'insurance franchise', 'website societegenerale', '65 countries', 'AVAILABILITY', 'CONSULTATION', 'INFORMATION', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'MAY', 'Paris', '17 April', 'Bulletins', 'BALO', 'March', 'notices', 'documents', 'generale-group', 'governance', 'annual-general-meeting', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'France', 'request', 'email', 'socgen', '126,000 employees', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'businesses', 'BoursoBank', 'finance', 'structured', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'Twitter/X', 'Attachment']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39456,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/legrand-launches-revolutionary-starline-remote-plugin-actuator-for-its-track-busway-products-93CH-3382418,Legrand Launches Revolutionary Starline Remote Plug-In Actuator for its Track Busway Products By Investing.com,Legrand Launches Revolutionary Starline Remote Plug-In Actuator for its Track Busway Products,"As the only product of its kind on the market  the Remote Plug-In Actuator enhances data center safety amid rising power densitiesWEST HARTFORD  Conn.   April 17  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Legrand  the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures  proudly introduces Starline's latest innovation  the Remote Plug-In Actuator. As data centers worldwide adapt to escalating power densities driven by end-user demand for high-performance computing (HPC) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) development  Starline's Remote Plug-In Actuator enhances safety and operational efficiency  leveraging Starline's Track Busway technology.As reported in SDxCentral  the relentless pursuit of more powerful chips is propelling rack power densities to unprecedented levels. Just over a decade ago  the average power densities per rack were in the four to five kW range  according to the Uptime Institute. By 2020  however  that number had reached up to eight to 10 kW per rack. As of 2022  the numbers had jumped yet again  with 10% of data centers reporting rack densities of 20-29 kW per rack  7% at 30-39 kW per rack  3% at 40-49 kW per rack  and 5% supporting densities of 50 kW and higher.As power densities continue rising in data centers  ensuring operator safety becomes increasingly important. The need for effective solutions to mitigate any potential hazards without compromising on uptime is crucial. In response to the need for even greater operator safety  Starline's Remote Plug-In Actuator is an optimal solution for those working with Starline Track Busway technology.For over thirty years  facility managers have been able to install Starline Track Busway plug-in units easily and safely via a manual twist-and-lock process that enables electrical grounding and mechanical connection. Now  Starline's Remote Plug-in Actuator enables plug-in units to remotely engage the busway through fiber optic cable for optimal isolation or through secure Bluetooth connectivity”enabling users to operate outside the incident energy area (Bluetooth connectivity available up to 30 feet/10 meters)  maximizing uptime and safety.""We recognize the evolving landscape of data center operations  where safety reigns as the paramount concern "" says John Berenbrok   Director of Product Management at Starline. ""Our Remote Plug-In Actuator embodies our commitment to delivering cutting-edge solutions that prioritize safety while boosting operational flexibility.""With Starline holding patent rights to this groundbreaking technology  the Remote Plug-In Actuator is a testament to the company's dedication to innovation and excellence. This innovative equipment enables users to install or replace plug-in units while the busway is live  improving uptime initiatives and eliminating maintenance downtime. With its user-friendly design and seamless integration with Starline Track Busway technology  it is poised to make data center operations safer and simpler  worldwide.For more information about Starline's Remote Plug-In Actuator and other innovative solutions  please visit the company's website.About Legrand and Legrand  North and Central AmericaLegrand is the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures. Its comprehensive offering of solutions for commercial  industrial  and residential markets makes it a benchmark for customers worldwide. The Group harnesses technological and societal trends with lasting impacts on buildings with the purpose of improving life by transforming the spaces where people live  work and meet with electrical  digital infrastructures and connected solutions that are simple  innovative and sustainable. Drawing on an approach that involves all teams and stakeholders  Legrand is pursuing its strategy of profitable and responsible growth driven by acquisitions and innovation  with a steady flow of new offerings”including products with enhanced value in use (faster expanding segments: data centers  connected offerings and energy efficiency programs). Legrand reported sales of €8.0 billion in 2022. The company is listed on Euronext Paris and is notably a component stock of the and CAC 40 ESG indexes. (code ISIN FR0010307819). https://www.legrand.us/Media ContactJaymie Scotto & Associates (JSA)jsa_legrand@jsa.net",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.57,0.42,0.01,True,English,"['Revolutionary Starline Remote Plug-In Actuator', 'Track Busway Products', 'Legrand', 'Investing', 'four to five kW range', 'to eight to 10 kW', 'Starline Track Busway plug-in units', 'Starline Track Busway technology', 'digital building infrastructures', 'fiber optic cable', 'incident energy area', 'faster expanding segments', 'CAC 40 ESG indexes', 'Remote Plug-In Actuator', 'energy efficiency programs', 'data center operations', 'rising power densities', 'escalating power densities', 'average power densities', 'secure Bluetooth connectivity', 'electrical, digital infrastructures', 'other innovative solutions', 'Central America Legrand', 'greater operator safety', 'data center safety', 'rack power densities', 'groundbreaking technology', '20-29 kW', '30-39 kW', '40-49 kW', 'operational efficiency', 'innovative equipment', 'data centers', 'WEST HARTFORD', 'global specialist', 'end-user demand', 'high-performance computing', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'AI) development', 'relentless pursuit', 'powerful chips', 'unprecedented levels', 'effective solutions', 'potential hazards', 'optimal solution', 'thirty years', 'facility managers', 'lock process', 'mechanical connection', 'optimal isolation', '30 feet/10 meters', 'evolving landscape', 'paramount concern', 'John Berenbrok', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'operational flexibility', 'patent rights', 'maintenance downtime', 'user-friendly design', 'seamless integration', 'comprehensive offering', 'residential markets', 'The Group', 'societal trends', 'lasting impacts', 'connected solutions', 'responsible growth', 'steady flow', 'new offerings', 'enhanced value', 'connected offerings', 'Euronext Paris', 'component stock', 'code ISIN', 'Media Contact', 'Jaymie Scotto', 'rack densities', 'electrical grounding', 'Uptime Institute', 'Product Management', 'uptime initiatives', 'latest innovation', '50 kW', 'kind', 'Conn.', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'HPC', 'SDxCentral', 'number', 'need', 'response', 'users', 'Director', 'commitment', 'testament', 'company', 'dedication', 'excellence', 'information', 'website', 'North', 'benchmark', 'customers', 'technological', 'buildings', 'purpose', 'life', 'spaces', 'people', 'approach', 'teams', 'stakeholders', 'strategy', 'profitable', 'acquisitions', 'products', 'sales', 'Associates', 'JSA']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,investing.com
39457,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864797/0/en/Solvay-releases-2023-annual-integrated-report.html,Solvay releases 2023 annual integrated report,The first annual report reflecting Solvay’s new scope highlights a year of resilience and sustainable progress   Brussels  April 17  2024  -  6:00 pm...,"The first annual report reflecting Solvay’s new scope highlights a year of resilience and sustainable progressBrussels  April 17  2024 - 6:00 pm CEST - regulated informationSolvay today released its annual integrated report  which provides an overview of the company’s economic  environmental  and societal performance for 2023. It details the Group’s financial and extra-financial progress  governance  remuneration and risk management practices.This comprehensive document serves as a reference point for stakeholders to understand the transition to Solvay's new governance  providing insight into its vision  objectives  and the changes implemented to highlight the transformation and strategic evolution of the company.""Solvay’s annual report highlights our solid financial performance  maintaining our competitive position and progressing on our ambitious sustainability targets ” said Philippe Kehren  Solvay CEO. “Its title  Mastering the Essential  sets the scene. This is who we are. Through the chapters  we explain our businesses  we highlight our strengths  we explain how we will operate in the future  and how convinced we are about the energy transition we are engaged in. We are a 160-year old company  with strong foundations  and we embark on Solvay’s next chapter in our history with confidence.""The 2023 report is available on Solvay.com where a downloadable version in the ESEF format  as specified by the European Commission in the Regulatory Technical Standard on ESEF (Regulation (EU) 2019/815)  is also available. Solvay also published its 2023 report on payment to governments. This document is available in the Financials section of Solvay's website.Safe harborThis press release may contain forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements describe expectations  plans  strategies  goals  future events or intentions. The achievement of forward-looking statements contained in this press release is subject to risks and uncertainties relating to a number of factors  including general economic factors  interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations  changing market conditions  product competition  the nature of product development  impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  products withdrawals  regulatory approval processes  all-in scenario of R&I projects and other unusual items. Consequently  actual results or future events may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize  or should our assumptions prove inaccurate  actual results could vary materially from those anticipated. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.About SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of over 9 000 employees. Since 1863  Solvay harnesses the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we drink  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. Solvay’s unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. As a world-leading company with €4.9 billion in net sales in 2023  Solvay is listed on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB). For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Attachments",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.46,0.25,0.29,True,English,"['2023 annual integrated report', 'Solvay', 'foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations', 'risk management practices', 'Regulatory Technical Standard', 'regulatory approval processes', 'R&I projects', 'other unusual items', 'soda ash process', 'ambitious sustainability targets', '160-year old company', 'general economic factors', 'pioneering chemical company', 'innovative, sustainable solutions', 'first annual report', 'annual integrated report', 'solid financial performance', 'founder Ernest Solvay', 'interest rate', 'sustainable progress', 'societal performance', 'essential solutions', 'new scope', 'extra-financial progress', 'reference point', 'strategic evolution', 'competitive position', 'Philippe Kehren', 'strong foundations', 'next chapter', 'downloadable version', 'European Commission', 'Financials section', 'Safe harbor', 'press release', 'Forward-looking statements', 'market conditions', 'product competition', 'product development', 'actual results', 'The Company', 'pivotal innovations', 'food supplies', 'eco-friendly clothing', 'unwavering commitment', 'world-leading company', 'net sales', 'future events', 'carbon-neutral future', 'regulated information', 'looking information', 'essential needs', 'comprehensive document', 'new governance', 'energy transition', 'ESEF format', 'unknown risks', 'just transition', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Solvay CEO', 'Solvay.com', 'Solvay Solvay', '2023 report', 'resilience', 'April', 'CEST', 'overview', 'Group', 'remuneration', 'stakeholders', 'insight', 'vision', 'objectives', 'changes', 'transformation', 'title', 'scene', 'chapters', 'businesses', 'strengths', 'history', 'confidence', 'Regulation', 'payment', 'governments', 'website', 'expectations', 'plans', 'strategies', 'goals', 'intentions', 'achievement', 'uncertainties', 'number', 'changing', 'nature', 'impact', 'acquisitions', 'divestitures', 'restructurings', 'products', 'withdrawals', 'scenario', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'legacy', 'workforce', '9,000 employees', 'power', 'chemistry', 'air', 'water', 'health', 'well-being', 'tires', 'cars', 'homes', 'dedication', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'Linkedin', 'Attachments', '6:00', '2050']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39458,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-introduces-Regulatory-Audit-Module-to-improve-risk-adjustment-audit-validation-rates-46457814/,Wolters Kluwer introduces Regulatory Audit Module to improve risk adjustment audit validation rates using AI,(marketscreener.com) Health plan compliance teams can now access the first AI-enabled comprehensive audit support solution on the market as part of Coder Workbenchhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-introd…,Health plan compliance teams can now access the first AI-enabled comprehensive audit support solution on the market as part of Coder WorkbenchHealth plans are under greater scrutiny  navigating an increasingly complex regulatory environment. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) estimates $4.7 billion will be recovered from Risk Adjustment Data Validation (RADV) audits  including extrapolation  from 2023 through 2032. To help mitigate this risk  Wolters Kluwer Health has introduced the Regulatory Audit Module as part of its Risk Adjustment solution.The new module is specifically designed to support Medicare Advantage Organizations (MAOs) during regulatory audits. The Regulatory Audit Module leverages clinically trained artificial intelligence (AI) to increase the efficiency and accuracy of risk adjustment auditing  helping reduce repayment liability by identifying an average of 5-7% additional codes.Going beyond manual auditing and coding limitations“When we first launched Coder Workbench  we worked closely with our team of experienced clinical risk adjustment coders to deliver a solution that solved true pain points for both the end user and the C-suite ” said Anne Donovan  Vice President and General Manager  Health Language  Wolters Kluwer Health. “We’ve continued to lean on that expertise to develop the Regulatory Audit Module  combining essential industry insight with AI that  consistent with audit guidelines  recommends charts appropriate to submit to achieve higher validation rates and avoid costly penalties. There isn’t another tool on the market designed to help health plans effectively manage these challenges today.”In the face of a regulatory audit  manual auditing processes leave room for error  data loss or even corruption of data. Further  aggregating thousands of lines of coding data can be overly complex and burdensome  making it nearly impossible to analyze and identify the most appropriate records to submit for a risk adjustment audit through manual methods.The Regulatory Audit Module is specifically designed to improve the workflow of a risk adjustment regulatory audit and better ensure the best encounters are submitted for higher validation rates to mitigate the impact of extrapolated repayment penalties.Embedded logic and AI prioritize charts for more strategic regulatory audit submissionsBypassing manual processes  the Regulatory Audit Module presents the auditor with all relevant data points with links back to the medical record where each diagnosis was identified. The tool then leverages embedded logic and clinically trained AI to assign a confidence score to each hierarchical condition category (HCC)  providing coding auditors with a prioritized subset of charts for review. The module improves the efficiency of an audit workflow by at least 25%  allowing the MAO to navigate compressed auditing timelines more easily.With real-time visibility on coding and submissions  the Regulatory Audit Module offers essential insights from the auditor level up to the C-suite on audit progression and potential financial impacts.Please visit our website to learn more about the Regulatory Audit Module  powered by the Health Language Coder Workbench.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.comAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417110813/en/,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.18,0.19,0.63,True,English,"['risk adjustment audit validation rates', 'Regulatory Audit Module', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'AI', 'first AI-enabled comprehensive audit support solution', 'experienced clinical risk adjustment coders', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Health plan compliance teams', 'risk adjustment regulatory audit', 'strategic regulatory audit submissions', 'Risk Adjustment Data Validation', 'The Regulatory Audit Module', 'Health Language Coder Workbench', 'Risk Adjustment solution', 'risk adjustment audit', 'higher validation rates', 'complex regulatory environment', '5-7% additional codes', 'true pain points', 'hierarchical condition category', 'deep domain knowledge', 'compressed auditing timelines', 'essential industry insight', 'relevant data points', 'Medicare Advantage Organizations', 'extrapolated repayment penalties', 'potential financial impacts', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', 'manual auditing processes', 'The Centers', 'audit guidelines', 'audit progression', 'regulatory audits', 'corporate compliance', 'new module', 'Health plans', 'manual processes', 'audit workflow', 'repayment liability', 'costly penalties', 'essential insights', 'data loss', 'manual methods', 'greater scrutiny', 'RADV) audits', 'artificial intelligence', 'end user', 'Anne Donovan', 'Vice President', 'General Manager', 'appropriate records', 'best encounters', 'medical record', 'confidence score', 'prioritized subset', 'real-time visibility', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'coding data', 'coding limitations', 'Embedded logic', 'Medicaid Services', 'market', 'part', 'CMS', 'extrapolation', 'MAOs', 'efficiency', 'accuracy', 'average', 'C-suite', 'expertise', 'charts', 'tool', 'challenges', 'face', 'room', 'error', 'corruption', 'thousands', 'auditor', 'links', 'diagnosis', 'HCC', 'review', 'website', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire', 'news']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39459,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LA-FRANCAISE-DE-L-ENERGIE-28643001/news/La-Francaise-De-L-energie-FDE-holds-2-26-of-its-own-shares-through-its-share-buyback-program-46458628/,La Française De L'energie :  FDE holds 2.26% of its own shares through its share buyback program,(marketscreener.com)  Pontpierre  France  April 17th 2024 - FDE   a carbon-negative energy producer  announces that it has bought back as April 17th 2024 an additional 22 894 shares.Currently in a negative period  FDE will resume implementation of the shar…,"Pontpierre  France  April 17th 2024 - FDE (Euronext: FDE - ISIN: FR0013030152)  a carbon-negative energy producer  announces that it has bought back as April 17th 2024 an additional 22 894 shares.Currently in a negative period  FDE will resume implementation of the share buyback program from April 25th  2024 in accordance with the delegation of authority adopted by the General Meeting of Shareholders on November 30th 2023.Aggregate presentation :Name of issuer Code Issuer identifier Day of transaction Financial instrument identifier code Total daily volume (number of shares) Weighted average daily share acquisition price Market LA FRANCAISEENERGY 96950085A13FFW45G765 08-04-24 FR0013030152 1 500 34.20 SGMU LA FRANCAISEENERGY 96950085A13FFW45G765 08-04-24 FR0013030152 2 500 34.23 SGMV LA FRANCAISEENERGY 96950085A13FFW45G765 08-04-24 FR0013030152 94 34.25 XPAR LA FRANCAISEENERGY 96950085A13FFW45G765 09-04-24 FR0013030152 7 33.90 GSEI LA FRANCAISEENERGY 96950085A13FFW45G765 09-04-24 FR0013030152 4 793 33.90 LISZ LA FRANCAISEENERGY 96950085A13FFW45G765 09-04-24 FR0013030152 2 276 33.90 TQEM LA FRANCAISEENERGY 96950085A13FFW45G765 09-04-24 FR0013030152 11 724 33.83 XPOSFollowing these transactions  FDE now holds 2.26% of its capital (excluding its own shares held under its liquidity contract).These transactions were financed entirely from available cash  without affecting the Group's financial capacity  which remains focused on implementing its various organic and external growth projects.FDE reiterates its FYE 2026 objectives of annualized revenues exceeding EUR 100 million with an EBITDA reaching over EUR 50 million  combined with 10 million tons of CO2 eq emissions avoided per annum.Next announcement:April 24th  2024 – Q3 2024 salesReuters code: FDE.PA Bloomberg code: FDE:FP Press contactcontact@francaisedelenergie.fr+ 33 (0)3 87 04 34 51 Investor Relationsir@francaisedelenergie.fr+ 33 (0)3 87 04 34 51About La Française de l'ÉnergieFDE is a negative carbon footprint energy group  specialized in the implementation of local energy recovery and production sites  allowing the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. FDE notably supplies regional players with gas  electricity  heat and CO2  thus replacing imported energy with local  cleaner energy. FDE aims to become a leading independent player in the energy sector in Europe.More information available on www.francaisedelenergie.frDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward - looking statements and estimates concerning LFDE's financial condition  operating results  strategy  projects and future performance and the markets in which it operates. Such forward-looking statements and estimates may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “can ” “could ” “estimate ” “expect ” “intend ” “is designed to ” “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “predict ” “objective ” “should ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. They incorporate all topics that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on management's current assumptions and assessment of risks  uncertainties and other factors  known and unknown  which were deemed to be reasonable at the time they were made but which may turn out to be incorrect. Events and outcomes are difficult to predict and depend on factors beyond the company's control. Consequently  the actual results  financial condition  performances and/or achievements of LFDE or of the industry may turn out to differ materially from the future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by these statements  forecasts and estimates. Owing to these uncertainties  no representation is made as to the correctness or fairness of these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates speak only as of the date on which they are made  and LFDE undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nZ1rkpRqlZuUl51qZsdlnGWWaG2WlWWbbWHKxpZvlJyUa2tonJdna5SVZnFmlmlp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Transaction in own shares (aggregate version) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85143-uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['La Française', 'share buyback program', ""L'energie"", 'FDE', 'shares', 'average daily share acquisition price Market LA FRANCAISE', 'issuer Code Issuer identifier Day', 'negative carbon footprint energy group', 'Financial instrument identifier code', 'FDE.PA Bloomberg code', 'share buyback program', 'Total daily volume', 'SGMU LA FRANCAISE', 'SGMV LA FRANCAISE', 'XPAR LA FRANCAISE', 'GSEI LA FRANCAISE', 'LISZ LA FRANCAISE', 'TQEM LA FRANCAISE', 'La Française', 'CO2 eq emissions', 'leading independent player', 'FP Press contact', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'carbon-negative energy producer', 'external growth projects', 'local energy recovery', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'local, cleaner energy', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Forward looking statements', 'Reuters code', 'negative period', 'financial capacity', 'Next announcement', 'financial condition', 'April 17th', 'April 25th', 'General Meeting', 'November 30th', 'Aggregate presentation', 'ENERGY 96950085A13FFW45G765', 'liquidity contract', 'available cash', 'various organic', 'FYE 2026 objectives', 'annualized revenues', '10 million tons', 'April 24th', 'Q3 2024 sales', 'Investor Relations', 'production sites', 'regional players', 'energy sector', 'More information', 'operating results', 'future performance', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'current assumptions', 'actual results', 'future results', 'new information', 'Regulated information', 'aggregate version', 'other factors', 'future events', 'additional 22,894 shares', 'Pontpierre', 'France', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'implementation', 'accordance', 'delegation', 'authority', 'Shareholders', 'Name', 'transaction', 'number', 'XPOS', 'capital', 'EBITDA', 'annum', 'francaisedelenergie', 'Énergie', 'reduction', 'electricity', 'heat', 'Europe', 'Disclaimer', 'estimates', 'LFDE', 'strategy', 'markets', 'words', 'plan', 'topics', 'forecasts', 'management', 'assessment', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'time', 'outcomes', 'company', 'control', 'performances', 'achievements', 'industry', 'representation', 'correctness', 'fairness', 'date', 'obligation', 'law', 'publication', 'nZ1rkpRqlZuUl51qZsdlnGWWaG2WlWWbbWHKxpZvlJyUa2tonJdna5SVZnFmlmlp', 'disposal', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39460,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AFYREN-126986323/news/AFYREN-Commits-to-Responsible-Care-and-Receives-a-Trophy-in-the-Societal-Category-46451891/,"AFYREN Commits to Responsible Care® and Receives a Trophy in the ""Societal"" Category","(marketscreener.com) Signature of the Responsible Care® global charter  certifying the commitment of all AFYREN sitesNational Responsible Care® trophy awarded in the ""Societal"" category for its ""Sustainable industrial jobs for all"" project at AFYREN NEO…","Signature of the Responsible Care® global charter  certifying the commitment of all AFYREN sites National Responsible Care® trophy awarded in the ""Societal"" category for its ""Sustainable industrial jobs for all"" project at AFYREN NEOXY An award illustrating an innovative HR policy in line with the company's culture and developmentRegulatory News:AFYREN (Paris:ALAFY)AFYREN  a greentech company that offers manufacturers natural  low-carbon ingredients produced using unique fermentation technology based on a completely circular model  announced today its commitment to the global Responsible Care® and received a trophy illustrating an innovative human resources (HR) policy to support the company's development.Signature of the Responsible Care® global charterThe Responsible Care® initiative is the global chemical industry's shared commitment to the safe management of chemical products throughout their life cycle  and the promotion of their role in improving quality of life and their contribution to sustainable development. With the signing of the Responsible Care® global charter by Jérémy PESSIOT  AFYREN's co-founder and Managing Director  and Cyril LEPRÊTRE  AFYREN NEOXY's Managing Director  AFYREN is committed to applying its key principles at both global and strategic levels  particularly in its industrial operations.This strong commitment is fully aligned with the Company's global CSR and QHSE strategy.Responsible Care® trophy awardedFollowing its recognition by the Grand Est region  AFYREN has been awarded the national Responsible Care® 2024 trophy in the ""Societal"" category for its innovative recruitment program ""Sustainable industrial jobs for all"".Designed in partnership with Pôle Emploi1  IUT St Avold  OPCO 2I and with the support of France Chimie Grand Est  this program was carried out to complete AFYREN NEOXY's production team  in a context of scarcity of profiles for industrial jobs.In particular  it relied on the “Simulation Recruitment Method” (Méthode de Recrutement par Simulation)  an original recruitment method proposed by Pôle Emploi which focuses on candidates' learning abilities  over and above their experience.After a selection phase  candidates were trained on all subjects prior to taking up their positions  in particular Safety  Chemistry  Chemical Engineering  Quality  Environment  Electrical Habilitation and Material Handling Equipment.Overall  this program led to the recruitment of some twenty employees (including 12 via the SRM method)  who embodied AFYREN's values (commitment  agility and humility)  and formed a high-performance  committed and diverse production team.Sandrine HILGERT  AFYREN NEOXY Human Resources Manager  comments: “The results have exceeded our expectations. The program enabled us to attract profiles with complementary and very varied skills and abilities  with a very balanced age range (from 24 to 54)  diverse professional experiences sometimes far away from industry (service  transport  crafts...) and two women. During the training period  which lasted several weeks  the 24 operators were able to forge strong bonds of mutual support and solidarity.”Over and above its effectiveness in terms of recruitment  this program promotes inclusion and diversity  and plays an active part in local  economic and social development by enabling unskilled people to return to employment and/or change of career.An innovative HR policy  adapted to AFYREN's culture and developmentIn a context of rapid growth for the company and its workforce (x5 in three years)  the HR strategy is deployed to attract the best talents  structure the ways of working and ensure organizational efficiency.Léa BASSEGODA  Human Resources Director and member of AFYREN's Executive Committee  explains: ""We don't operate in the same way with 120 and 10 employees...especially in a context of industrial scale-up. Structuring our governance  defining the roles and responsibilities of each person within the organization  and structuring our internal interfaces are all strategic priorities to ensure operational efficiency that meets our challenges.""To secure the Company's development  AFYREN aims to rely on profiles combining skills and adherence to its values. Moreover  the company operates in an industry context that demands the ability to perform with method and agility  in which roadmaps must be built and executed simultaneously.""The innovative recruitment program tested at AFYREN NEOXY is an example of an original initiative offering an effective response to the scarcity of certain profiles. It is fully in line with a broader HR strategy currently being structured to further enhance our attractiveness (regular internal surveys  training plan  development of managerial culture  Diversity and Inclusion strategy) "" concludes Léa BASSEGODA.About AFYRENAFYREN is a French greentech company launched in 2012 to meet the challenge of decarbonizing industrial supplies. Its natural  innovative and proprietary fermentation technology valorizes local biomass from non-food agricultural co-products  replacing petro-sourced ingredients usually used in many product formulations. AFYREN's 100% biobased  low-carbon and sustainable solutions can meet decarbonization challenges in a wide variety of strategic sectors: human and animal nutrition  flavors and fragrances  life sciences and materials  and lubricants and technical fluids. AFYREN's plug-and-play  circular technology combines sustainability and competitiveness  with no need for manufacturers to change their processes.The Group's first French plant  AFYREN NEOXY  a joint venture with Bpifrance's SPI fund  is located in the Grand-Est region of France  in Saint Avold  serving mainly the European market.AFYREN is also pursuing a project in Thailand with a world leader in the sugar industry  and is developing its presence in the Americas  following up on distribution agreements it has already signed.At the end of 2023  AFYREN employed about 120 people in Lyon  Clermont-Ferrand and Carling Saint-Avold. The company invests 20% of its annual budget in R&D to further develop its sustainable solutions.AFYREN has been listed on the Euronext Growth® exchange in Paris since 2021 (ISIN code: FR0014005AC9  mnemonic: ALAFY).Find out more: afyren.com1 Today called “France Travail” (French governmental agency which registers unemployed people  helps them find jobs and provides them with financial aid)View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240416100957/en/",neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,positive,0.62,0.36,0.02,True,English,"['Responsible Care', 'Societal"" Category', 'AFYREN', 'Trophy', 'Méthode de Recrutement par Simulation', 'AFYREN sites National Responsible Care® trophy', 'innovative human resources (HR) policy', 'AFYREN NEOXY Human Resources Manager', 'national Responsible Care® 2024 trophy', 'Jérémy PESSIOT', 'Responsible Care® global charter', 'The Responsible Care® initiative', 'France Chimie Grand Est', 'global Responsible Care®', 'Human Resources Director', 'innovative HR policy', 'Grand Est region', 'Simulation Recruitment Method', 'unique fermentation technology', 'Cyril LEPRÊTRE', 'Pôle Emploi', 'IUT St Avold', 'Material Handling Equipment', 'balanced age range', 'diverse professional experiences', 'Léa BASSEGODA', 'proprietary fermentation technology', 'food agricultural co', 'natural, low-carbon ingredients', 'regular internal surveys', 'broader HR strategy', 'diverse production team', 'Sustainable industrial jobs', 'global chemical industry', 'innovative recruitment program', 'original recruitment method', 'French greentech company', 'natural, innovative', 'original initiative', 'global CSR', 'internal interfaces', 'Managing Director', 'industrial operations', 'Chemical Engineering', 'industrial scale-up', 'industrial supplies', 'QHSE strategy', 'SRM method', 'Societal"" category', 'Regulatory News', 'circular model', 'safe management', 'key principles', 'strategic levels', 'OPCO 2I', 'selection phase', 'Electrical Habilitation', 'high-performance, committed', 'Sandrine HILGERT', 'two women', 'training period', 'several weeks', 'strong bonds', 'active part', 'local, economic', 'unskilled people', 'rapid growth', 'three years', 'best talents', 'organizational efficiency', 'Executive Committee', 'same way', 'strategic priorities', 'operational efficiency', 'effective response', 'training plan', 'local biomass', 'sustainable development', 'chemical products', 'Inclusion strategy', 'life cycle', 'twenty employees', 'varied skills', 'mutual support', 'managerial culture', 'social development', 'industry context', 'strong commitment', '10 employees', 'Signature', 'project', 'award', 'line', 'Paris', 'ALAFY', 'manufacturers', 'promotion', 'role', 'quality', 'contribution', 'signing', 'founder', 'recognition', 'partnership', 'scarcity', 'profiles', 'abilities', 'candidates', 'subjects', 'positions', 'Safety', 'Chemistry', 'Environment', 'values', 'agility', 'humility', 'comments', 'results', 'expectations', 'complementary', 'service', 'transport', 'crafts', '24 operators', 'solidarity', 'effectiveness', 'terms', 'diversity', 'employment', 'change', 'career', 'workforce', 'ways', 'member', 'governance', 'responsibilities', 'person', 'challenges', 'adherence', 'ability', 'roadmaps', 'example', 'attractiveness', '120']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39461,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SINGAPORE-TECHNOLOGIES-EN-6491153/news/Singapore-Technologies-Engineering-ST-Engineering-and-Bureau-Veritas-Sign-Cooperation-Agreement-to-46451698/,Singapore Technologies Engineering : ST Engineering and Bureau Veritas Sign Cooperation Agreement to Advance Wing-in-Ground Technology,(marketscreener.com)      Home   Newsroom   News Releases     ST Engineering and Bureau Veritas Sign Cooperation Agreement to Advance Wing-in-Ground Technology     ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SINGAPORE-TECHNOLOGIES-EN-64…,"The collaboration will support the development of innovative fuel-efficient technology through the classification and certification of the first AirFish WIG craftSingapore  17 April 2024- ST Engineering AirX (AirX)  a joint venture between ST Engineering and Peluca (formerly known as Wigetworks)  today announced a strategic partnership with Bureau Veritas (BV)  a global leader in the Testing  Inspection and Certification industry  aimed at advancing Wing-in-Ground (WIG) technology. The collaboration will focus on the classification and certification of AirX's AirFish WIG craft  which represents a vital step towards its entry into service.The AirFish is a groundbreaking WIG marine craft that operates just above the water  utilising aerodynamic forces generated by ground effect to achieve a more fuel-efficient high speed of travel. Under the partnership and a shared vision in driving innovation  AirX and BV will work together to classify and certify AirFish 8  a 10-seater WIG craft  under BV's NI525 process for the risk-based qualification of new technology  and liaise with flag states to register the marine platform in respective countries. AirX and BV will also pool their expertise and resources to establish a robust framework for the classification and certification of AirX's future WIG platforms  and lay the groundwork for the serial production of the AirFish WIG craft.AirX will contribute its design and development specialisms as the OEM of the WIG craft  and leverage ST Engineering's expertise in aircraft certification and qualification with civil aviation authorities. BV will provide advisory services on the design and development of the AirFish WIG craft from a regulatory and classification perspective  as well as technology qualification assessments based on BV's NI525  classification and equipment certification services  whilst also providing risk and safety assessments associated with the development and operations of AirFish WIG craft.Jeffrey Lam  President of Commercial Aerospace at ST Engineering  said  ""In our pioneering journey to commercialise the world's first WIG craft  we have chosen to partner Bureau Veritas to classify and certify our AirFish Wing-in-Ground solution. This is a significant milestone in realising the huge potential of Wing-in-Ground technology in areas such as maritime transportation  and the delivery of parapublic and logistics services. We look forward to working with Bureau Veritas to set new standards in innovation and safety  with a technology that is set to revolutionise maritime transportation.""David Barrow  Vice-President South Asia and Pacific at Bureau Veritas Marine & Offshore  commented  ""We are delighted to support the development and deployment of the innovative AirFish Wing-in-Ground technology. Leveraging our extensive industry and regulatory experience  alongside our technological expertise  we will collaborate closely with ST Engineering AirX to navigate the complexities of introducing this groundbreaking solution to the market  with the common goal of driving growth and efficiency for the maritime industry.""In addition to the partnership with BV  AirX will be collaborating with the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore in the trials and development of AirX's AirFish Wing-in-Ground craft in Singapore. The trials  which are expected to commence from 3Q2024 at a frequency of twice monthly initially  will help contribute to the establishment of an Engineering and Certification Centre of Excellence for WIG in Singapore.*****ST Engineering AirX (AirX)  a subsidiary of ST Engineering and Peluca (formerly known as Wigetworks) combines various disciplines in aviation  marine and Wing-in-Ground (WIG) effect technology to form a centre of excellence for WIG craft in Singapore  that can effectively serve transportation and logistics needs in coastal areas. The company's portfolio comprises the AirFish family of WIG craft  which includes the two-seater AirFish 3 and the 10-seater AirFish 8  and in time to come  new AirFish platforms with greater seat capacity.Bureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress. With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers' excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change. Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas' 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company's technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For media enquiries  please contact news@stengg.com.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.62,0.36,0.02,True,English,"['Bureau Veritas Sign Cooperation Agreement', 'Singapore Technologies Engineering', 'ST Engineering', 'Ground Technology', 'Wing', 'first AirFish WIG craft', 'groundbreaking WIG marine craft', 'first WIG craft', 'fuel-efficient high speed', 'greater seat capacity', 'future WIG platforms', 'innovative fuel-efficient technology', 'laboratory testing services', '10-seater WIG craft', 'civil aviation authorities', 'CAC SBT 1.5° index', 'new AirFish platforms', 'WIG) effect technology', 'innovative AirFish Wing', 'equipment certification services', 'Bureau Veritas Marine', 'technology qualification assessments', 'ST Engineering AirX', 'groundbreaking solution', '10-seater AirFish', 'WIG) technology', 'new technology', 'Ground craft', 'The AirFish', 'marine platform', 'AirFish family', 'two-seater AirFish', 'new standards', 'ground effect', 'advisory services', 'logistics services', 'joint venture', 'global leader', 'vital step', 'aerodynamic forces', 'NI525 process', 'risk-based qualification', 'flag states', 'robust framework', 'serial production', 'Jeffrey Lam', 'Commercial Aerospace', 'pioneering journey', 'significant milestone', 'huge potential', 'David Barrow', 'South Asia', 'extensive industry', 'common goal', 'Port Authority', 'various disciplines', 'logistics needs', 'powerful purpose', 'responsible progress', 'preferred partner', 'technical experts', 'environmental protection', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'media enquiries', 'Ground technology', 'safety assessments', 'maritime industry', 'Ground solution', 'Certification industry', 'aircraft certification', 'driving innovation', 'respective countries', 'regulatory experience', 'coastal areas', 'maritime transportation', 'classification perspective', 'NI525, classification', 'strategic partnership', 'technological expertise', 'world leader', 'development specialisms', 'Certification Centre', ""customers' excellence"", '140 countries', 'collaboration', 'Singapore', 'Peluca', 'Wigetworks', 'BV', 'Inspection', 'entry', 'water', 'travel', 'vision', 'resources', 'groundwork', 'design', 'OEM', 'operations', 'President', 'delivery', 'parapublic', 'Pacific', 'Offshore', 'deployment', 'complexities', 'market', 'growth', 'efficiency', 'addition', 'trials', '3Q2024', 'frequency', 'establishment', 'subsidiary', 'company', 'portfolio', 'trust', 'sustainability', 'change', '83,000 employees', 'challenges', 'quality', 'health', 'news', 'stengg']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39462,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SMCP-S-A-38166115/news/SMCP-S-A-2023-Universal-registration-document-translation-into-english-46454728/,SMCP S A : 2023 Universal registration document (translation into english),(marketscreener.com)    Universal registration document   A N N U A L F I N A N C I A L R E P O R T     2023       Table of contents          ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SMCP-S-A-38166115/news/SMCP-S-A-2023-Univer…,then in Asia in the cities of Hong Kong inin the United States in New York inWith now 500 points of sale in France  SMCP decided to start a new chapter in its history of growth  that of international expansion by opening its first points of sale outside France:At that time  L-Capital and Florac owned together 50% of the capital and 51% of the voting rights of the newly created SMCP Group  the balance being held by the founders and managers.In 2009  they decided to collectively buy the Claudie Pierlot brand from its founder  and created the SMCP Group (Sandro-Maje- Claudie Pierlot) in 2010.By adopting this new proprietary distribution model  Sandro and Maje have full control over their distribution  image and commercial policy. This model also allows them to offer their customers the same experience in all points of sale in their network.Soon after  in 2008 the 100th point of sale was opened in France for Sandro and Maje.From 2003 and 2004  the brands were so successful that Judith and Évelyne decided to open their first stores in Paris. Maje's store was located on the left bank (rue du Four)  and Sandro's in the Marais (rue Vieille du Temple). In 2007  Ilan Chétrite  Évelyne Chétrite's son  also embarked on the adventure by creating Sandro Homme.In 1984  Évelyne Chétrite founded the Sandro brand in Paris  in the heart of the Marais district. Her sister  Judith Milgrom  worked with her and decided a few years later  in 1998  to create her own brand  Maje. At that time  their designs were sold in multi-brand stores.Eighties and nineties: Creation of the Sandro and Maje brands with a wholesale distribution modelTo support it in this new stage of its development  SMCP was able to rely on the support of KKR  which in 2013 acquired 70% of the Group's share capital  with the directors and founders retaining around 30%.The Group grew rapidly during this time. In 2014  SMCP acquired its Hong Kong partner AZ Retail Ltd and continued its expansion in Asia. At the same time  the Group created its e-commerce platform and opened its own websites.In 2015  the Group opened its 1 000th point of sale  including 60 digital points of sale  and generated 50% of its revenue internationally.In 2016  the Chinese group Shandong Ruyi  one of the largest textile manufacturers in Mainland China  acquired control of the Group from KKR.In 2017  SMCP  which now generates nearly 60% of its revenue internationally and has a digital penetration of more than 12%  first floated on the stock market in October. As part of a capital increase for a gross amount of approximately €120 million  the Company launched an IPO and saw its shares traded on Compartment A of the Euronext Paris regulated market.In September 2019  SMCP strengthened its presence in the men's segment through the acquisition of the Fursac brand  one of the French leaders in accessible luxury goods for men  positioned in the modern tailoring segment which combines high-quality tailoring with a casual style.Chapter 4Since 2020: Creating global  sustainable and phygital brandsIn a context marked by the Covid-19 pandemic  which is helping to accelerate certain consumer trends  SMCP is finalising the development of a new strategic plan  One Journey  communicated to the market in October 2020  which will enable it to build global  desirable  sustainable and phygital brands.At the end of 2021  the composition of the Company's shareholding structure underwent significant changes (see paragraph 7.1.2).In 2021 and 2022  SMCP gradually returned to its pre-Covid activity levels  once again crossing the €1 billion threshold in revenue in 2021  and exceeding 2019 revenue in 2022.In 2023  SMCP has continued to grow its international business with the acquisition of its partner in Australia and New Zealand  and has laid the foundations of a new development by signing a partnership in India.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.67,0.3,0.03,True,English,"['SMCP S A', '2023 Universal registration document', 'translation', 'english', 'Hong Kong partner AZ Retail Ltd', 'rue Vieille du Temple', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'new proprietary distribution model', 'rue du Four', 'Sandro-Maje- Claudie Pierlot', 'Ilan Chétrite', 'largest textile manufacturers', 'accessible luxury goods', 'Covid activity levels', 'new strategic plan', 'Évelyne Chétrite', 'wholesale distribution model', 'Claudie Pierlot brand', 'global, desirable, sustainable', 'modern tailoring segment', 'global, sustainable', 'high-quality tailoring', 'New York', 'new stage', 'New Zealand', 'stock market', 'United States', 'voting rights', 'commercial policy', 'same experience', '100th point', 'first stores', 'left bank', 'multi-brand stores', 'e-commerce platform', '1,000th point', 'Shandong Ruyi', 'Mainland China', 'digital penetration', 'gross amount', 'Compartment A', 'Fursac brand', 'French leaders', 'casual style', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'consumer trends', 'One Journey', 'shareholding structure', 'significant changes', '€1 billion threshold', 'international business', 'new chapter', 'new development', 'phygital brands', 'share capital', 'capital increase', 'international expansion', 'first points', 'full control', 'Marais district', 'Judith Milgrom', 'The Group', '60 digital points', 'Chinese group', 'Sandro Homme', 'Sandro brand', 'same time', 'Maje brands', 'SMCP Group', '500 points', 'Asia', 'cities', 'France', 'history', 'growth', 'L-Capital', 'Florac', 'balance', 'founders', 'managers', 'image', 'customers', 'network', 'son', 'adventure', 'heart', 'sister', 'designs', 'Eighties', 'nineties', 'Creation', 'support', 'KKR', 'directors', 'websites', 'revenue', 'October', 'Company', 'IPO', 'shares', 'September', 'presence', 'acquisition', 'context', 'composition', 'paragraph', 'Australia', 'foundations', 'partnership', 'India', '2021']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39463,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/afyren-commits-to-responsible-care--and-receives-a-trophy-in-the-societal-category-93CH-3381388,"AFYREN Commits to Responsible Care ® and Receives a Trophy in the ""Societal"" Category By Investing.com","AFYREN Commits to Responsible Care ® and Receives a Trophy in the ""Societal"" Category","Signature of the Responsible Care ® global charter  certifying the commitment of all AFYREN sitesNational Responsible Care ® trophy awarded in the ""Societal"" category for its "" Sustainable industrial jobs for all "" project at AFYREN NEOXYAn award illustrating an innovative HR policy in line with the company's culture and developmentCLERMONT-FERRAND  France & LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:AFYREN (Paris:ALAFY)AFYREN  a greentech company that offers manufacturers natural  low-carbon ingredients produced using unique fermentation technology based on a completely circular model  announced today its commitment to the global Responsible Care ® and received a trophy illustrating an innovative human resources (HR) policy to support the company's development.Signature of the Responsible Care ® global charterThe Responsible Care ® initiative is the global chemical industry's shared commitment to the safe management of chemical products throughout their life cycle  and the promotion of their role in improving quality of life and their contribution to sustainable development. With the signing of the Responsible Care ® global charter by JÃ©rÃ©my PESSIOT  AFYREN's co-founder and Managing Director  and Cyril LEPRÃŠTRE  AFYREN NEOXY's Managing Director  AFYREN is committed to applying its key principles at both global and strategic levels  particularly in its industrial operations.This strong commitment is fully aligned with the Company's global CSR and QHSE strategy.Responsible Care ® trophy awardedFollowing its recognition by the Grand Est region  AFYREN has been awarded the national Responsible Care ® 2024 trophy in the ""Societal"" category for its innovative recruitment program ""Sustainable industrial jobs for all"".Designed in partnership with PÃ´le Emploi1  IUT St Avold  OPCO 2I and with the support of France Chimie Grand Est  this program was carried out to complete AFYREN NEOXY's production team  in a context of scarcity of profiles for industrial jobs.In particular  it relied on the Simulation Recruitment Method (MÃ©thode de Recrutement par Simulation)  an original recruitment method proposed by PÃ´le Emploi which focuses on candidates' learning abilities  over and above their experience.After a selection phase  candidates were trained on all subjects prior to taking up their positions  in particular Safety  Chemistry  Chemical Engineering  Quality  Environment  Electrical Habilitation and Material Handling Equipment.Overall  this program led to the recruitment of some twenty employees (including 12 via the SRM method)  who embodied AFYREN's values (commitment  agility and humility)  and formed a high-performance  committed and diverse production team.Sandrine HILGERT  AFYREN NEOXY Human Resources Manager  comments: The results have exceeded our expectations. The program enabled us to attract profiles with complementary and very varied skills and abilities  with a very balanced age range (from 24 to 54)  diverse professional experiences sometimes far away from industry (service  transport  crafts...) and two women. During the training period  which lasted several weeks  the 24 operators were able to forge strong bonds of mutual support and solidarity.Over and above its effectiveness in terms of recruitment  this program promotes inclusion and diversity  and plays an active part in local  economic and social development by enabling unskilled people to return to employment and/or change of career.An innovative HR policy  adapted to AFYREN's culture and developmentIn a context of rapid growth for the company and its workforce (x5 in three years)  the HR strategy is deployed to attract the best talents  structure the ways of working and ensure organizational efficiency.LÃ©a BASSEGODA  Human Resources Director and member of AFYREN's Executive Committee  explains: ""We don't operate in the same way with 120 and 10 employees...especially in a context of industrial scale-up. Structuring our governance  defining the roles and responsibilities of each person within the organization  and structuring our internal interfaces are all strategic priorities to ensure operational efficiency that meets our challenges.""To secure the Company's development  AFYREN aims to rely on profiles combining skills and adherence to its values. Moreover  the company operates in an industry context that demands the ability to perform with method and agility  in which roadmaps must be built and executed simultaneously.""The innovative recruitment program tested at AFYREN NEOXY is an example of an original initiative offering an effective response to the scarcity of certain profiles. It is fully in line with a broader HR strategy currently being structured to further enhance our attractiveness (regular internal surveys  training plan  development of managerial culture  Diversity and Inclusion strategy) "" concludes LÃ©a BASSEGODA.About AFYRENAFYREN is a French greentech company launched in 2012 to meet the challenge of decarbonizing industrial supplies. Its natural  innovative and proprietary fermentation technology valorizes local biomass from non-food agricultural co-products  replacing petro-sourced ingredients usually used in many product formulations. AFYREN's 100% biobased  low-carbon and sustainable solutions can meet decarbonization challenges in a wide variety of strategic sectors: human and animal nutrition  flavors and fragrances  life sciences and materials  and lubricants and technical fluids. AFYREN's plug-and-play  circular technology combines sustainability and competitiveness  with no need for manufacturers to change their processes.The Group's first French plant  AFYREN NEOXY  a joint venture with Bpifrance's SPI fund  is located in the Grand-Est region of France  in Saint Avold  serving mainly the European market.AFYREN is also pursuing a project in Thailand with a world leader in the sugar industry  and is developing its presence in the Americas  following up on distribution agreements it has already signed.At the end of 2023  AFYREN employed about 120 people in Lyon  Clermont-Ferrand and Carling Saint-Avold. The company invests 20% of its annual budget in R&D to further develop its sustainable solutions.AFYREN has been listed on the Euronext Growth ® exchange in Paris since 2021 (ISIN code: FR0014005AC9  mnemonic: ALAFY).Find out more: afyren.com1 Today called France Travail (French governmental agency which registers unemployed people  helps them find jobs and provides them with financial aid)View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240416100957/en/AFYRENCommunicationCaroline Petignycaroline.petigny@afyren.comInvestor RelationsMark Reinhardinvest@afyren.comNewCapInvestor RelationsThÃ©o Martin / Mathilde BohinTÃ©l : 01 44 71 94 94afyren@newcap.euNewCapMÃ©dia RelationsNicolas MerigeauTÃ©l : 01 44 71 94 98afyren@newcap.euSource: AFYREN",neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,positive,0.66,0.33,0.01,True,English,"['Responsible Care', 'Societal"" Category', 'AFYREN', 'Trophy', 'Investing', 'innovative human resources (HR) policy', 'AFYREN NEOXY Human Resources Manager', 'JÃ©rÃ©my PESSIOT', 'Responsible Care ® global charter', 'National Responsible Care ® trophy', 'The Responsible Care ® initiative', 'national Responsible Care ® 2024 trophy', 'France Chimie Grand Est', 'Human Resources Director', 'global Responsible Care ®', 'innovative HR policy', 'Grand Est region', 'unique fermentation technology', 'Cyril LEPRÃŠTRE', 'PÃ´le Emploi', 'IUT St Avold', 'MÃ©thode de', 'Recrutement par Simulation', 'Material Handling Equipment', 'balanced age range', 'diverse professional experiences', 'LÃ©a BASSEGODA', 'proprietary fermentation techn', 'natural, low-carbon ingredients', 'regular internal surveys', 'broader HR strategy', 'diverse production team', 'Sustainable industrial jobs', 'Simulation Recruitment Method', 'global chemical industry', 'innovative recruitment program', 'original recruitment method', ""candidates' learning abilities"", 'French greentech company', 'natural, innovative', 'original initiative', 'global CSR', 'internal interfaces', 'chemical products', 'Managing Director', 'industrial operations', 'Chemical Engineering', 'industrial scale-up', 'industrial supplies', 'QHSE strategy', 'SRM method', 'Societal"" category', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'circular model', 'safe management', 'key principles', 'strategic levels', 'OPCO 2I', 'selection phase', 'Electrical Habilitation', 'high-performance, committed', 'Sandrine HILGERT', 'two women', 'training period', 'several weeks', 'strong bonds', 'active part', 'local, economic', 'unskilled people', 'rapid growth', 'three years', 'best talents', 'organizational efficiency', 'Executive Committee', 'same way', 'strategic priorities', 'operational efficiency', 'effective response', 'training plan', 'sustainable development', 'Inclusion strategy', 'AFYREN sites', 'life cycle', 'twenty employees', 'varied skills', 'mutual support', 'managerial culture', 'social development', 'industry context', 'strong commitment', '10 employees', 'Signature', 'project', 'award', 'line', 'CLERMONT-FERRAND', 'LYON', 'Paris', 'ALAFY', 'manufacturers', 'promotion', 'role', 'quality', 'contribution', 'signing', 'founder', 'recognition', 'partnership', 'scarcity', 'profiles', 'subjects', 'positions', 'Safety', 'Chemistry', 'Environment', 'values', 'agility', 'humility', 'comments', 'results', 'expectations', 'complementary', 'service', 'transport', 'crafts', '24 operators', 'solidarity', 'effectiveness', 'terms', 'diversity', 'employment', 'change', 'career', 'workforce', 'ways', 'member', 'governance', 'responsibilities', 'person', 'challenges', 'adherence', 'ability', 'roadmaps', 'example', 'attractiveness', '120']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,investing.com
39464,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/04/17/public-storage-nysepsa-shares-sold-by-newedge-wealth-llc/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Sold by NewEdge Wealth LLC,NewEdge Wealth LLC lessened its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 6.2% during the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2 396 shares of the real estate investmen…,NewEdge Wealth LLC lessened its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 6.2% during the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2 396 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 158 shares during the quarter. NewEdge Wealth LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $731 000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. Valeo Financial Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at about $202 000. Cerity Partners LLC raised its stake in Public Storage by 2.4% during the fourth quarter. Cerity Partners LLC now owns 21 667 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $6 608 000 after acquiring an additional 506 shares during the period. Franklin Parlapiano Turner & Welch LLC raised its stake in Public Storage by 5.5% during the fourth quarter. Franklin Parlapiano Turner & Welch LLC now owns 25 737 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $7 850 000 after acquiring an additional 1 341 shares during the period. Custom Index Systems LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage during the fourth quarter worth about $257 000. Finally  Stiles Financial Services Inc raised its stake in Public Storage by 45.3% during the fourth quarter. Stiles Financial Services Inc now owns 7 497 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2 286 000 after acquiring an additional 2 336 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesPSA has been the topic of several research reports. Barclays initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  March 27th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $330.00 price objective on the stock. The Goldman Sachs Group increased their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  January 11th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft assumed coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  January 30th. They set a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price objective on the stock. Truist Financial raised their price target on shares of Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  December 28th. Finally  BMO Capital Markets raised their price target on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday  March 19th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have assigned a hold rating  seven have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat.com  the company has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $305.00.Public Storage Trading Down 1.3 %Shares of NYSE:PSA opened at $262.22 on Wednesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $46.07 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.71  a PEG ratio of 3.49 and a beta of 0.54. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $312.25. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.58  a quick ratio of 0.62 and a current ratio of 0.62. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $282.12 and a 200 day moving average price of $276.57.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 earnings per share for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.15 by ($1.94). The business had revenue of $1.16 billion for the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a return on equity of 35.31% and a net margin of 45.34%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year  the business posted $4.16 earnings per share. On average  research analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.92 EPS for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  March 28th. Investors of record on Wednesday  March 13th were issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.58%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday  March 12th. Public Storage’s payout ratio is 108.50%.Public Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['NewEdge Wealth LLC', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Shares', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'real estate investment trust', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Stiles Financial Services Inc', 'Custom Index Systems LLC', 'Valeo Financial Advisors LLC', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', '50 day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'One equities research analyst', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'NewEdge Wealth LLC', 'Cerity Partners LLC', 'Franklin Parlapiano Turner', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'average target price', 'several research reports', 'recent 13F filing', '35% common equity interest', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Trading', 'current fiscal year', 'other institutional investors', 'strong buy rating', 'Truist Financial', 'net margin', 'research analysts', 'recent filing', 'Welch LLC', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'price target', 'consensus rating', 'current ratio', '$330.00 price objective', '$250.00 price objective', 'research note', 'buy” rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'hedge funds', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market capitalization', 'PEG ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'equity ratio', 'quick ratio', 'year basis', 'previous year', 'quarterly dividend', 'annualized basis', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fourth quarter', '4th quarter', 'same quarter', 'December 28th', 'earnings ratio', 'earnings results', 'quarterly revenue', 'United States', 'new stake', 'additional 506 shares', 'additional 1,341 shares', 'additional 2,336 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '$12.00 dividend', '4.16 earnings', '40 states', '2,396 shares', '158 shares', '21,667 shares', '25,737 shares', '7,497 shares', 'SEC', 'stock', 'holdings', 'number', 'period', 'Downgrades', 'topic', 'Barclays', 'coverage', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'Thursday', 'January', 'Tuesday', 'beta', 'debt', 'February', 'business', 'return', '16.92 EPS', 'firm', 'record', 'yield', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', '45.']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,etfdailynews.com
39465,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46451805/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 16 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8826 £ 24.9621 Estimated MTD return 1.20 % 1.27 % Estimated YTD return 1.21 % 1.60 % Estimated ITD return 178.83 % 149.62 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.87 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.1053 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.8816The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39466,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/04/17/762-shares-in-public-storage-nysepsa-purchased-by-beverly-hills-private-wealth-llc/,762 Shares in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Purchased by Beverly Hills Private Wealth LLC,Beverly Hills Private Wealth LLC purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the 4th quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 762 shares of …,Beverly Hills Private Wealth LLC purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the 4th quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 762 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $233 000.Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Integrated Wealth Concepts LLC boosted its stake in Public Storage by 16.1% in the third quarter. Integrated Wealth Concepts LLC now owns 9 741 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2 567 000 after acquiring an additional 1 349 shares during the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company boosted its stake in Public Storage by 8.0% in the third quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company now owns 123 852 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $32 638 000 after acquiring an additional 9 223 shares during the last quarter. Raymond James & Associates boosted its stake in Public Storage by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James & Associates now owns 114 482 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $34 917 000 after acquiring an additional 4 695 shares during the last quarter. Ellsworth Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Public Storage by 615.7% in the fourth quarter. Ellsworth Advisors LLC now owns 19 803 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $6 040 000 after acquiring an additional 17 036 shares during the last quarter. Finally  1834 Investment Advisors Co. boosted its stake in Public Storage by 115.3% in the fourth quarter. 1834 Investment Advisors Co. now owns 16 952 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $5 170 000 after acquiring an additional 9 078 shares during the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Price PerformanceNYSE PSA opened at $262.22 on Wednesday. The stock has a market cap of $46.07 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.71  a PEG ratio of 3.49 and a beta of 0.54. The company has a current ratio of 0.62  a quick ratio of 0.62 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.58. Public Storage has a 12 month low of $233.18 and a 12 month high of $312.25. The company’s 50 day moving average is $282.12 and its two-hundred day moving average is $276.57.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.15 by ($1.94). The company had revenue of $1.16 billion for the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.34% and a return on equity of 35.31%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year  the business earned $4.16 EPS. As a group  research analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.92 earnings per share for the current year.The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  March 28th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  March 13th were issued a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.58%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday  March 12th. Public Storage’s payout ratio is presently 108.50%.Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesA number of research firms have weighed in on PSA. BMO Capital Markets boosted their target price on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday  March 19th. The Goldman Sachs Group boosted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday  January 11th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft assumed coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  January 30th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price target on the stock. Raymond James raised shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday  March 28th. Finally  Scotiabank boosted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Monday  March 18th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating  seven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to MarketBeat  the stock currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $305.00.View Our Latest Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Beverly Hills Private Wealth LLC', 'Public Storage', '762 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Beverly Hills Private Wealth LLC', 'The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement Public Storage', 'Integrated Wealth Concepts LLC', 'Public Storage Public Storage Profile', 'real estate investment trust', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'PSA Get Free Report', '50 day moving average', 'Ellsworth Advisors LLC', '1834 Investment Advisors Co.', 'One investment analyst', 'recent 13F filing', 'other institutional investors', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Other hedge funds', 'average price target', 'strong buy rating', 'market perform” rating', 'quarterly earnings data', 'average rating', 'quarterly dividend', 'target price', '$250.00 price target', '$330.00 price target', 'market cap', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'sector perform', 'dividend yield', 'buy” rating', 'research report', 'Moderate Buy', 'Latest Report', 'outperform” rating', 'sell” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'new position', 'Exchange Commission', 'Raymond James', 'PEG ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'net margin', 'research analysts', 'annualized basis', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'research firms', 'research note', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', '4th quarter', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'same quarter', 'quarterly revenue', 'earnings ratio', 'year basis', 'previous year', 'current year', 'last quarter', 'equity ratio', '12 month low', 'additional 1,349 shares', 'additional 9,223 shares', 'additional 4,695 shares', 'additional 17,036 shares', 'additional 9,078 shares', '$3.00 dividend', '$12.00 dividend', '16.92 earnings', '762 shares', '9,741 shares', '123,852 shares', '114,482 shares', '19,803 shares', '16,952 shares', 'Securities', 'stock', 'stakes', 'Associates', 'Wednesday', 'beta', 'debt', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'EPS', 'return', 'business', 'Thursday', 'March', 'record', 'Downgrades', 'number', 'January', 'coverage', 'Scotiabank', 'Monday', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', '45.', '35.31']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,etfdailynews.com
39467,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LEGRAND-SA-120795685/news/Legrand-Launches-Revolutionary-Starline-Remote-Plug-In-Actuator-for-its-Track-Busway-Products-46457352/,Legrand Launches Revolutionary Starline Remote Plug-In Actuator for its Track Busway Products,(marketscreener.com) As the only product of its kind on the market  the Remote Plug-In Actuator enhances data center safety amid rising power densitiesWEST HARTFORD  Conn.  April 17  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Legrand  the global specialist in electrical and dig…,"As the only product of its kind on the market  the Remote Plug-In Actuator enhances data center safety amid rising power densitiesWEST HARTFORD  Conn.  April 17  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Legrand  the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures  proudly introduces Starline's latest innovation  the Remote Plug-In Actuator. As data centers worldwide adapt to escalating power densities driven by end-user demand for high-performance computing (HPC) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) development  Starline's Remote Plug-In Actuator enhances safety and operational efficiency  leveraging Starline's Track Busway technology.As reported in SDxCentral  the relentless pursuit of more powerful chips is propelling rack power densities to unprecedented levels. Just over a decade ago  the average power densities per rack were in the four to five kW range  according to the Uptime Institute. By 2020  however  that number had reached up to eight to 10 kW per rack. As of 2022  the numbers had jumped yet again  with 10% of data centers reporting rack densities of 20-29 kW per rack  7% at 30-39 kW per rack  3% at 40-49 kW per rack  and 5% supporting densities of 50 kW and higher.As power densities continue rising in data centers  ensuring operator safety becomes increasingly important. The need for effective solutions to mitigate any potential hazards without compromising on uptime is crucial. In response to the need for even greater operator safety  Starline's Remote Plug-In Actuator is an optimal solution for those working with Starline Track Busway technology.For over thirty years  facility managers have been able to install Starline Track Busway plug-in units easily and safely via a manual twist-and-lock process that enables electrical grounding and mechanical connection. Now  Starline's Remote Plug-in Actuator enables plug-in units to remotely engage the busway through fiber optic cable for optimal isolation or through secure Bluetooth connectivity—enabling users to operate outside the incident energy area (Bluetooth connectivity available up to 30 feet/10 meters)  maximizing uptime and safety.""We recognize the evolving landscape of data center operations  where safety reigns as the paramount concern "" says John Berenbrok  Director of Product Management at Starline. ""Our Remote Plug-In Actuator embodies our commitment to delivering cutting-edge solutions that prioritize safety while boosting operational flexibility.""With Starline holding patent rights to this groundbreaking technology  the Remote Plug-In Actuator is a testament to the company's dedication to innovation and excellence. This innovative equipment enables users to install or replace plug-in units while the busway is live  improving uptime initiatives and eliminating maintenance downtime. With its user-friendly design and seamless integration with Starline Track Busway technology  it is poised to make data center operations safer and simpler  worldwide.For more information about Starline's Remote Plug-In Actuator and other innovative solutions  please visit the company's website.About Legrand and Legrand  North and Central AmericaLegrand is the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures. Its comprehensive offering of solutions for commercial  industrial  and residential markets makes it a benchmark for customers worldwide. The Group harnesses technological and societal trends with lasting impacts on buildings with the purpose of improving life by transforming the spaces where people live  work and meet with electrical  digital infrastructures and connected solutions that are simple  innovative and sustainable. Drawing on an approach that involves all teams and stakeholders  Legrand is pursuing its strategy of profitable and responsible growth driven by acquisitions and innovation  with a steady flow of new offerings—including products with enhanced value in use (faster expanding segments: data centers  connected offerings and energy efficiency programs). Legrand reported sales of €8.0 billion in 2022. The company is listed on Euronext Paris and is notably a component stock of the CAC 40 and CAC 40 ESG indexes. (code ISIN FR0010307819). https://www.legrand.us/Media ContactJaymie Scotto & Associates (JSA)jsa_legrand@jsa.netView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/legrand-launches-revolutionary-starline-remote-plug-in-actuator-for-its-track-busway-products-302119184.htmlSOURCE Legrand DPC LLC",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.59,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['Revolutionary Starline Remote Plug-In Actuator', 'Track Busway Products', 'Legrand', 'four to five kW range', 'to eight to 10 kW', 'Starline Track Busway plug-in units', 'SOURCE Legrand DPC LLC', 'Starline Track Busway technology', 'digital building infrastructures', 'fiber optic cable', 'incident energy area', 'faster expanding segments', 'Remote Plug-In Actuator', 'energy efficiency programs', 'data center operations', 'rising power densities', 'escalating power densities', 'average power densities', 'secure Bluetooth connectivity', 'CAC 40 ESG indexes', 'electrical, digital infrastructures', 'Central America Legrand', 'other innovative solutions', 'greater operator safety', 'data center safety', 'rack power densities', 'groundbreaking technology', '20-29 kW', '30-39 kW', '40-49 kW', 'operational efficiency', 'innovative equipment', 'data centers', 'WEST HARTFORD', 'global specialist', 'end-user demand', 'high-performance computing', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'AI) development', 'relentless pursuit', 'powerful chips', 'unprecedented levels', 'effective solutions', 'potential hazards', 'optimal solution', 'thirty years', 'facility managers', 'lock process', 'mechanical connection', 'optimal isolation', '30 feet/10 meters', 'evolving landscape', 'paramount concern', 'John Berenbrok', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'operational flexibility', 'patent rights', 'maintenance downtime', 'user-friendly design', 'seamless integration', 'comprehensive offering', 'residential markets', 'The Group', 'societal trends', 'lasting impacts', 'connected solutions', 'responsible growth', 'steady flow', 'new offerings', 'enhanced value', 'connected offerings', 'Euronext Paris', 'component stock', 'code ISIN', 'Media Contact', 'Jaymie Scotto', 'original content', 'rack densities', 'electrical grounding', 'Uptime Institute', 'Product Management', 'uptime initiatives', 'latest innovation', '50 kW', 'kind', 'Conn.', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'HPC', 'SDxCentral', 'number', 'need', 'response', 'users', 'Director', 'commitment', 'testament', 'company', 'dedication', 'excellence', 'information', 'website', 'North', 'benchmark', 'customers', 'technological', 'buildings', 'purpose', 'life', 'spaces', 'people', 'approach', 'teams', 'stakeholders', 'strategy', 'profitable', 'acquisitions', 'products', 'sales', 'Associates', 'JSA', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'legrand-launches', 'revolutionary-starline-remote']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39468,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864781/0/en/COFACE-SA-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-on-Thursday-16-May-2024-at-02-00pm-amendment-to-the-notice-of-meeting.html,COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Thursday 16 May 2024 at 02.00pm - amendment to the notice of meeting,COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Thursday 16 May 2024 at 02.00pm - amendment to the notice of meeting  Paris  17 April 2024 – 17.45  COFACE......,"COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Thursday 16 May 2024 at 02.00pm - amendment to the notice of meetingParis  17 April 2024 – 17.45COFACE SA's shareholders have been informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Thursday  16th May 2024 at 02.00pm at the Group’s headquarters and registered office.This information was communicated via the notice of meeting containing the agenda and draft resolutions which was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (French Bulletin of Mandatory Legal Notices - BALO) No.43 on 8 April 2024 (announcement No. 2400705).A corrected notice was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) No.46 on 15 April 2024 (announcement No. 2400900).The amendment concerns the text of the fourth resolution relating of the authorisation of the Board of Directors to trade in the shares of the Company. In paragraph 3  it should read ""decides that the maximum unit purchase price will not exceed €18 per share  excluding charges"" instead of ""decides that the maximum unit purchase price will not exceed €16 per share  excluding charges"".The rest of the draft resolutions remain unchanged.All documents that must be disclosed for this meeting will be available to the shareholders  within the legal deadlines  on COFACE SA institutional website (www.coface.com) and more precisely under ""Investors/General Assembly"".CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comAdrien BILLET: +33 1 49 02 23 6394 – adrien.billet@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023/2024(subject to change)Q1-2024 results: 6 May 2024 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2023: 16 May 2024H1-2024 results: 5 August 2024 (after market close)9M-2024 results: 5 November 2024 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2023 and our 2023 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith over 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in Trade Credit Insurance & risk management  and a recognized provider of Factoring  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Bonding  and Information Services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients in 100 countries build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses. With Coface’s insight and advice  these companies can make informed decisions. The Group' solutions strengthen their ability to sell by providing them with reliable information on their commercial partners and protecting them against non-payment risks  both domestically and for export. In 2023  Coface employed ~4 970 people and registered a turnover of €1.87 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 5 April 2024 under the number D.24-0242 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'COFACE SA', 'Thursday 16\xa0May', '02.00pm', 'amendment', 'notice', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'maximum unit purchase price', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'COFACE SA institutional website', 'Alternative Performance Measures', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Mandatory Legal Notices', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'Trade Credit Insurance', 'integral regulatory information', 'Main risk factors', ""The Group' solutions"", 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'The Coface Group', 'French Bulletin', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'legal deadlines', 'benoit.chastel', 'FOR TRADE', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'risk management', 'registered office', 'draft resolutions', 'fourth resolution', 'Investors/General Assembly', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Q1-2024 results', 'H1-2024 results', '9M-2024 results', 'press release', 'regulated information', 'blockchain technology', 'recognized provider', 'Debt Collection', 'Information Services', 'global economy', 'informed decisions', 'reliable information', 'commercial partners', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'new information', 'other circumstance', 'non-payment risks', 'unidentified risks', '16th May', 'Regulated documents', 'dynamic businesses', 'market close', 'Thursday 16 May', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Adrien BILLET', '02.00pm', 'amendment', '17 April', 'headquarters', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'No.', '8 April', 'announcement', '15 April', 'text', 'authorisation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shares', 'Company', 'paragraph', 'charges', 'rest', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'APM', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', '100 countries', 'insight', 'advice', 'companies', 'ability', 'export', '~4,970 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'declarations', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'AMF', 'number', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '49 02', '1 49']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39469,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/CEA-and-Eviden-Launch-Phase-2-of-the-EXA1-Supercomputer-Program-46454171/,CEA and Eviden Launch Phase 2 of the EXA1 Supercomputer Program,(marketscreener.com) Paris  France – April 17  2024 – CEA and Eviden  the Atos business leading in advanced computing  today announce the delivery of the EXA1 HE supercomputer  based on Eviden’s BullSequana XH3000 technology. Designed to meet the needs of the…,Paris  France – April 17  2024 – CEA and Eviden   the Atos business leading in advanced computing  today announce the delivery of the EXA1 HE (High Efficiency) supercomputer  based on Eviden’s BullSequana XH3000 technology.Designed to meet the needs of the Simulation program run by CEA’s Military Applications Division  the EXA1-HE represents the second and most innovative stage in the EXA1 program  and complements the EXA1 HF (High-Frequency) supercomputer   delivered by Eviden in 2021 .With a peak performance of 104 Petaflops  the system can achieve a Linpack performance of about 60 Petaflops  which is the equivalent of the 15th most powerful supercomputer in the most recent TOP500 ranking from November 2023. Based on Eviden’s BullSequana XH3000 architecture  with a patented warm-water cooling system  the EXA1 HE is equipped with 477 compute nodes based on NVIDIA’s Grace Hopper Superchips.The system’s interconnect is based on the latest version of Eviden’s BullSequana eXascale Interconnect (BXI) system  which is the only European interconnect technology. The network relies on a DragonFly topology and is composed of 156 switches. This first BXI accelerated computer paves the way for future BXI technologies for exaflop-class and AI systems and will meet the future needs of research and industrial centers worldwide.EXA1 fulfills the requirements of the defense programs that are implemented at CEA’s Military Applications Division. To be increasingly representative of complex phenomena  the simulation requires a consistent increase in the performance of supercomputers  ensuring that reasonable computing times can be maintained to fulfill the milestones of the government programs and to keep the energy consumption of computing centers under control.Emmanuel Le Roux  SVP  Global Head of HPC  AI and Quantum at Eviden  Atos Group  said  “We are deeply honored by this contract with the CEA  which is once again showing its confidence in Eviden  by continuing the EXA1 program with the Group’s teams and thus extending a relationship that has lasted for more than 20 years. With its ‘Made in Europe’ high-performance computing systems  such as the BullSequana XH3000 and the BXI interconnect  co-designed with the CEA and produced in its Angers factory  Eviden supports private and public sector organizations  such as CEA’s Military Applications Division  in their European sovereignty challenges  by enabling them to take full advantage of their data while maintaining the highest level of security in all circumstances.”Jacques-Charles Lafoucriere  Program Director at CEA’s Military Applications Directorate  said  “We are pleased to see the full deployment of this new system. With the first applications having already been run on it through best-in-class accelerated technologies that have also been chosen for Exascale systems  CEA’s Military Applications Division will be able to meet its HPC and AI needs for the future challenges of its Simulation program.”***About Eviden1Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. Bringing together 47 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 95 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactZohra Dali – zohra.dali.external@eviden.comAbout the CEAThe CEA is tasked with guiding public decisions and providing the scientific and technical means that civil society (businesses and local authorities) needs to better manage major societal changes  such as the energy transition  digital transformation  future healthcare  defence and global security. Its mission is supported by 20 000 employees and 9 research centres equipped with major research facilities that provide an innovative environment conducive to academic and industrial partnerships in France  Europe and abroad. For more information www.cea.fr.Press ContactGuilhem Boyer | guilhem.boyer@cea.fr | Tel: +33 (0) 6 73 41 42 451 Eviden business is operated through the following brands: AppCentrica  ATHEA  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Profit4SF  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion. Eviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,positive,0.62,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['EXA1 Supercomputer Program', 'CEA', 'Eviden', 'Phase', '15th most powerful supercomputer', 'first BXI accelerated computer', 'Europe’ high-performance computing systems', 'class accelerated technologies', 'High Efficiency) supercomputer', 'recent TOP500 ranking', 'Grace Hopper Superchips', 'Emmanuel Le Roux', 'worldwide leading positions', 'major societal changes', 'Military Applications Division', 'Military Applications Directorate', 'reasonable computing times', 'public sector organizations', 'BullSequana XH3000 architecture', 'European sovereignty challenges', 'next-gen technology leader', 'BullSequana XH3000 technology', 'warm-water cooling system', 'major research facilities', 'BullSequana eXascale Interconnect', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'European interconnect technology', 'future BXI technologies', 'secure information space', 'Atos Group company', 'first applications', 'Exascale systems', 'High-Frequency) supercomputer', 'BXI interconnect', 'patented technologies', 'European number', 'BXI) system', 'advanced computing', 'computing centers', 'future challenges', 'global leader', 'public decisions', 'AI systems', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'decarbonized digital', 'innovative stage', '477 compute nodes', 'latest version', 'DragonFly topology', 'industrial centers', 'defense programs', 'complex phenomena', 'consistent increase', 'government programs', 'energy consumption', 'Global Head', 'Angers factory', 'full advantage', 'highest level', 'Jacques-Charles Lafoucriere', 'Program Director', 'full deployment', 'data-driven, trusted', 'strong portfolio', '47,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'technical means', 'civil society', 'local authorities', 'energy transition', 'future healthcare', 'innovative environment', 'industrial partnerships', 'EXA1 HE', 'EXA1 program', 'EXA1 HF', 'new system', '9 research centres', 'Simulation program', 'peak performance', 'Linpack performance', 'future needs', 'Atos business', 'deep expertise', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Zohra Dali', 'global security', 'AI needs', 'The CEA', 'France', 'April', 'Eviden', 'delivery', 'EXA1-HE', 'second', '104 Petaflops', '60 Petaflops', 'equivalent', 'November', 'NVIDIA', 'network', '156 switches', 'way', 'exaflop-class', 'requirements', 'supercomputers', 'milestones', 'control', 'SVP', 'HPC', 'Quantum', 'contract', 'confidence', 'teams', 'relationship', '20 years', 'private', 'circumstances', 'cloud', 'industries', '47 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', 'c.', '95,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'businesses', 'defence', 'mission', '20,000 employees', 'academic']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39470,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864227/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 16 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8826 £ 24.9621 Estimated MTD return 1.20 % 1.27 % Estimated YTD return 1.21 % 1.60 % Estimated ITD return 178.83 % 149.62 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.87 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.1053 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.8816The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39471,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SBM-OFFSHORE-N-V-6284/news/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details-46458609/,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,(marketscreener.com) April 17  2024 SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR65 million share repurchase program for the period April 11  2024 through April 17  2024. The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase pro…,"April 17  2024SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR65 million (c. US$70 million) share repurchase program for the period April 11  2024 through April 17  2024.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024 and effective from March 1  2024. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period March 1  2024 through April 17  2024 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 65 000 000 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 9 665 366 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 679 028 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 14.23 Start Date March 1  2024 Percentage of program completed as of April 17  2024 14.87% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount April 11  2024 22 172 EUR 14.67 EUR 325 330 April 12  2024 6 768 EUR 14.78 EUR 100 051 April 15  2024 7 136 EUR 14.53 EUR 103 675 April 16  2024 42 254 EUR 14.14 EUR 597 420 April 17  2024 28 524 EUR 14.36 EUR 409 597 Total 106 854 EUR 14.38 EUR 1 536 0731All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore designs  builds  installs and operates offshore floating facilities for the offshore energy industry. As a leading technology provider  we put our marine expertise at the service of a responsible energy transition by reducing emissions from fossil fuel production  while developing cleaner solutions for alternative energy sources.More than 7 400 SBMers worldwide are committed to sharing their experience to deliver safe  sustainable and affordable energy from the oceans for generations to come.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year First Quarter 2024 Trading Update May 8 2024 Half Year 2024 Earnings August 8 2024 Third Quarter 2024 Trading Update November 14 2024 Full Year 2024 Earnings February 20 2025 Annual General Meeting April 9 2025For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 6 23 34 37 64 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsEvelyn Tachau BrownGroup Communications & Change DirectorMobile: +377 (0) 6 40 62 30 34 E-mail: evelyn.tachau-brown@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impact  Risk and Opportunity Management’ section of the 2023 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “Float4Wind®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Evelyn Tachau Brown Group Communications', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', '028 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', 'Trade Date Quantity Repurchased', 'million) share repurchase program', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Full Year 2024 Earnings February', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', '2024 Half Year 2024 Earnings', 'leading technology provider', 'fossil fuel production', 'separate legal entities', 'responsible energy transition', 'alternative energy sources', 'offshore floating facilities', 'Annual General Meeting', 'last 5 trading days', 'offshore energy industry', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Cumulative Quantity', 'share capital', 'Start Date', 'current views', 'affordable energy', 'Media Relations', 'top half', '2023 Annual Report', 'SBM logomark', 'Trading Update', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'CBOE DXE', 'regular update', 'Corporate Profile', 'marine expertise', 'cleaner solutions', 'safe, sustainable', 'First Quarter', 'Third Quarter', 'Corporate Finance', 'Change Director', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'actual results', 'future operations', 'useful purpose', 'industry information', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'Investors section', 'similar expressions', 'Opportunity Management', 'underlying assumptions', 'subsequent events', 'transaction details', 'detailed information', 'individual transactions', 'new information', 'press release', 'particular company', 'Wouter Holties', 'April', 'period', 'repurchases', 'March', 'objective', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Further', 'website', '2024 Percentage', 'shares', 'Turquoise', 'nr', 'service', 'emissions', 'More', '7,400 SBMers', 'experience', 'oceans', 'generations', 'sbmoffshore', 'August', 'mail', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'words', 'business', 'obligation', 'Nothing', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'companies', 'investments', 'convenience', 'references', 'subsidiaries']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39472,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/carmila-firstquarter-2024-financial-information-93CH-3382746,Carmila: First-quarter 2024 Financial Information By Investing.com,Carmila: First-quarter 2024 Financial Information,Net rental income up +4.0% like-for-like versus first quarter 2023Excellent commercial momentum: 210 leases signed in the first quarter (+19%)  positive reversion (+3.4%)Financial occupancy at 95.9% (versus 96 0% at end-March 2023)Retailer sales up +2.0% and footfall up +0.9% versus first quarter 2023Launch of solar energy project in SpainConfirmation of guidance: Recurring earnings per share of at least €1.63 in 2024 (growth of at least 2% versus 2023)Closing of the acquisition of Galimmo expected this summerDividend of €1.20 per share  in cash  for 2023 (versus €1.17 for 2022)PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Marie Cheval  Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Carmila (Paris:CARM) commented: « First quarter results once again show the appeal of Carmila centres for retailers and their customers. In 2024 Carmila continues to roll out its growth strategy  with the acquisition of Galimmo  the pivot of the merchandising mix and transformation projects  notably including new investments in solar energy in Spain. »First quarter 2024 First quarter 2023 Change Like-for-like change Gross Rental Income ( €m) 97.5 95.9 +1.7% Net Rental Income ( €m) 87.4 86.4 +1.1% +4.0% France 58.1 57.8 +0.4% Spain 23.3 23.0 +1.5% Italy 6.0 5.6 +7.2%Net rental income up +4.0% versus the first quarter of 2023In the first three months of 2024  net rental income is up +4.0% on a like-for-like basis  driven by the indexation of rents to inflation.As published  following the sale of three assets in France and four assets in Spain  net rental income is up +1.1% versus the first quarter of 2023.The collection rate for the first quarter 2024 was 95%  up 1 point versus the first quarter of 2023 at the same date.Excellent commercial momentumLeasing activity in the first quarter of 2024 has been very strong  with 210 new leases signed (+19% in terms of number of leases versus the same period in 2023).Notable new business signed since the beginning of the year includes:- Innovative and sector-leading names such as Adopt'  Rituals  Le Comptoir de Mathilde  Normal  Mango  Tramas+ and Jeff de Bruges ;- A leisure complex at Rennes Cesson of more than 7000m ²  including a karting track (Speed Park) and an new adventure concept (Fort Boyard);- Healthcare retailers such as Optic 2000 and Soloptical  as well as a new pharmacy.Reversion was +3.4% on average for the leases signed in the first quarter  demonstrating the strength of demand from retailers for space in Carmila centres.Financial occupancy stood at 95.9% at end March 2024  at a similar level to end March 2023 (96.0%)  and reflecting the typical seasonality after the end of year holiday period.Revenues of the specialty leasing and temporary retail activity (pop-up stores and sales events) were up +15% versus the first quarter of 2023  driven by the success of new concepts  such as the sale of undelivered parcels  and the development of second hand in clothing and accessories.Retailer sales up +2.0% and footfall up +0.9% versus first quarter 2023In the first quarter of 2024  retailer sales were up +2.0% on average vs. the first quarter of 2023 (+1.7% in France  +3.2% in Spain and +0.3% in Italy). Footfall is also up (+0.9% on average versus the first quarter of 2023  of which +0.8% in France  +1.1% in Spain and +1.9% in Italy)  supported by the appeal of Carrefour (EPA: ) hypermarkets.Launch of solar energy project in SpainIn Q1 2024  Carmila launched the first phase of a project to install solar panels on six centres in Spain.This first investment will enable Carmila to reduce consumption by its centres from the electricity grid in favour of green autogeneration. The project will result in annual energy savings of 3 044MWh and will reduce the carbon footprint of the group by the equivalent of 16 538 tonnes of CO2.The initiative is part of Carmila's ambitious CSR roadmap  which includes a target to reach net zero on Scopes 1 and 2 by 2030.Confirmation of earnings guidanceAs announced on February 13  with the publication of 2023 annual results  recurring earnings per share are expected to be at least €1.63 in 2024  corresponding to growth of at least +2% versus 2023.This expected growth in recurring earnings per share assumes organic growth in rental income  driven by indexation  at a similar level to 2023  as well as the partial contribution of recurring earnings of Galimmo  following the closing of the acquisition expected this summer.The full annual accretion to recurring earnings (+3-5% pro forma) from the Galimmo acquisition is expected in 2025.Dividend of €1.20 per share  in cash  for 2023As also announced on 13 February  the Annual meeting of Carmila shareholders  which will take place on 24 April 2024  will vote on a proposed dividend of €1.20 per share for 2023  to be paid in cash (versus €1.17 for the prior year).This dividend represents a payout of 75% of recurring earnings. As a reminder  the dividend policy of Carmila for 2022 to 2026 is a minimum of 1 euro per share  in cash  and a target payout ratio of 75% of recurring earnings.The ex-dividend date will be 29 April 2024 and dividends will be paid from 2 May 2024.INVESTOR AGENDA24 April 2024: Annual General Meeting24 July 2024 (after market close): First-half 2024 results25 July 2024: First-half 2024 results presentation17 October 2024 (after market close): Third-quarter 2024 financial informationABOUT CARMILAAs the third-largest listed owner of commercial property in Europe  Carmila was founded by Carrefour and large institutional investors in order to enhance the value of shopping centres adjoining Carrefour hypermarkets in France  Spain and Italy. At 31 December 2023  its portfolio was valued at €5.9 billion and is made up of 201 shopping centres  with leading positions in their catchment areas.Carmila is listed on Euronext-Paris Compartment A under the symbol CARM. It benefits from the tax regime for French real estate investment trusts (SIIC). Carmila has been a member of the SBF 120 since 20 June 2022.Important noticeSome of the statements contained in this document are not historical facts but rather statements of future expectations  estimates and other forward-looking statements based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Please refer to the most recent Universal Registration Document filed in French by Carmila with the AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties. Carmila has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Carmila accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.This press release is available in the Financial Press Releases section of Carmila's Finance webpage: https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/financial-press-releasesView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240417504906/en/INVESTOR AND ANALYST CONTACTJonathan Kirk “ Head of Investor Relationsjonathan_kirk@carmila.com+33 6 31 71 83 98PRESS CONTACTElodie Arcayna “ Corporate Social Responsibility and Communications Directorelodie_arcayna@carmila.com+33 7 86 54 40 10Source: CARMILA,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['First-quarter 2024 Financial Information', 'Carmila', 'Investing', 'Excellent commercial momentum', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jeff de Bruges', 'ambitious CSR roadmap', 'Gross Rental Income', 'temporary retail activity', 'full annual accretion', 'Net rental income', 'new adventure concept', 'annual energy savings', 'Notable new business', 'first three months', 'year holiday period', 'solar energy project', 'target payout ratio', 'First quarter results', '2023 annual results', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'three assets', 'Leasing activity', 'same period', 'solar panels', 'Annual meeting', 'new investments', 'new pharmacy', 'new concepts', 'first phase', 'first investment', 'Financial occupancy', 'Retailer sales', 'Recurring earnings', 'Regulatory News', 'Marie Cheval', 'merchandising mix', 'transformation projects', 'four assets', 'collection rate', 'same date', 'sector-leading names', 'Le Comptoir', 'leisure complex', 'Rennes Cesson', 'karting track', 'Speed Park', 'Fort Boyard', 'similar level', 'typical seasonality', 'specialty leasing', 'pop-up stores', 'sales events', 'undelivered parcels', 'second hand', 'electricity grid', 'green autogeneration', 'carbon footprint', 'partial contribution', 'prior year', 'six centres', '210 new leases', 'positive reversion', 'earnings guidance', 'growth strategy', 'organic growth', 'Healthcare retailers', 'Carmila shareholders', 'dividend policy', 'Carmila centres', 'end March', 'Galimmo acquisition', '210 leases', 'end-March', 'footfall', 'Launch', 'Spain', 'Confirmation', 'Closing', 'cash', 'PARIS', 'Chair', 'appeal', 'customers', 'pivot', 'Change', 'France', 'Italy', 'basis', 'indexation', 'rents', 'inflation', 'terms', 'number', 'beginning', 'Innovative', 'Adopt', 'Rituals', 'Mathilde', 'Normal', 'Mango', 'Tramas+', '7000m', 'Optic', 'average', 'strength', 'demand', 'space', 'Revenues', 'success', 'development', 'clothing', 'accessories', 'Carrefour', 'EPA', 'hypermarkets', 'Q1', 'consumption', 'favour', '3 044MWh', 'group', 'equivalent', '16 538 tonnes', 'CO2.', 'initiative', 'Scopes', 'February', 'publication', 'place', '24 April', 'reminder', 'minimum', '1 euro', '95', '2024', '2022']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,investing.com
39473,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DON-T-NOD-ENTERTAINMENT-43444427/news/Don-t-Nod-Entertainment-2023-full-year-results-46458630/,Don't Nod Entertainment :  2023 full-year results,(marketscreener.com)  Operating revenues[1] up 6.8% at €32.1 millionOperating EBITDA[2] of €1.7 millionOperating EBIT[3] and net income impacted by non-cash accounting adjustment of portfolio valueSolid balance sheet with €118.6 million shareholders' eq…,"Operating revenues[1] up 6.8% at €32.1 millionOperating EBITDA[2] of €1.7 millionOperating EBIT[3] and net income impacted by non-cash accounting adjustment of portfolio valueSolid balance sheet with €118.6 million shareholders' equity and €54.3 million[4] cash and cash equivalentsOutlook: refocusing of production lines to capitalize on DON'T NOD's expertise and performance optimization leversParis  April 17  2024 – DON'T NOD  an independent studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games  today presents its 2023 full-year consolidated results  as approved by the Board of Directors on April 16  2024. The Statutory Auditors have completed their audit assignment and are in the process of issuing their reports. The 2023 financial report will be published in the coming days  at the latest on April 30  2024.Oskar Guilbert  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DON'T NOD  said: “In our 15 years of existence  and even more so since our IPO  the DON'T NOD teams have built a rich intellectual property portfolio and consolidated our leadership in narrative games. We have also established a presence in Canada and expanded our expertise to include publishing.With a team of over 340 talented people  we are now one of the most attractive studios in Europe and North America.This investment strategy has been essential in achieving critical mass. It must now be translated into a performance cycle. We must capitalize on our strengths in order to gain efficiency and strengthen our operational excellence in a constantly changing industry  so as to create significant value.The outlook for the industry is promising  and I strongly believe that DON'T NOD is well positioned to surf the wave thanks to the know-how of our teams  the strength of our intellectual property and our ability to forge profitable partnerships.”Audited consolidated figures in €000 2022 2023 Revenues 7 049 5 240 - incl. development 6 110 2 355 - incl. sales 939 2 885 Capitalized production[5] 22 964 26 825 Total operating revenues 1 30 012 32 065 Other operating revenues 187 31 Total operating expenses (excl. depreciation  amortization and provisions) (33 551) (37 071) Tax credits (including CIJV) 6 850 6 654 Operating EBITDA 2 (including tax credits) 3 498 1 679 Depreciation and amortization (124) (13 290) Current & deferred taxes (252) (321) Operating EBIT 3 (including tax credits) 3 122 (11 933) Financial income/(expense) 388 954 Non-recurring income/(expenses) (646) (3 535) Amortization of goodwill (314) (314) Consolidated net income/(loss) 2 551 (14 827)2023 business review: increase in operating revenues driven by ramp-up in development of future gamesDON'T NOD reported a 6.8% increase in operating revenues to €32.1 million in 2023  reflecting:a 16.8% increase in capitalized production to €26.8 million  representing the creation of seven future internal and external intellectual property assets a 61.4% decline in development revenues  reflecting the completion of Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden    a threefold increase in sales  driven mainly by the dynamic back catalog and the contribution of Jusant  released in late October 2023.Profitability impacted by higher launch cycle costs and a highly competitive and saturated market2023 earnings reflect the ramp-up of ongoing developments and costs related to the year's game releases.Staff costs[6] were kept under control  up 7.4% from €24.2 million in 2023 to €26.0 million  mainly due to the ramp-up of in-house production. Other expenses increased by 18.8% to €10.6 million in 2023  including marketing and publishing costs related to game releases during the year.As a result  operating EBITDA including tax credits (French and Canadian) came to €1.7 million in 2023  down €1.8 million from 2022.After depreciation  amortization and provisions  including the previously announced €10.5 million non-cash impairment charges on Harmony: the Fall of Reverie and Gerda  DON'T NOD posted an operating EBIT loss of €11.9 million in 2023 compared to operating EBIT of €3.1 million in 2022. Excluding this item  operating EBIT loss amounted €1.4 million  mainly impacted by game release marketing expenses and a slight decline in video games tax credits related to production line development phases.In 2023  the Group recorded a non-recurring expense of €3.5 million  compared to a €0.6 million expense in 2022. This change includes a €2 million provision for repayment of tax credits and the disposal  in the first half of 2023  of a portion in an asset no longer in compliance with the new development challenges  representing an amount of €1.4 million.Lastly  the Group posted a consolidated net loss of €14.8 million for 2023  compared to net income of €2.6 million the previous year.Rock solid financial structureASSETS 2022 2023 EQUITY & LIABILITIES 2022 2023 Fixed assets 52 974 65 559 Shareholders' equity 88 073 118 567 Inventories & work in progress - - Provisions 2 286 4 474 Trade receivables 3 538 2 887 Borrowings 4 324 3 148 Other receivables 8 814 9 360 Trade payables 1 498 1 598 Cash & cash equivalents 34 907 54 798 Other payables 4 052 4 816 TOTAL 100 233 132 603 TOTAL 100 233 132 603DON'T NOD generated positive gross operating cash flow of €2.3 million in 2023  versus €3.8 million in 2022 due to increased marketing expenditure  and reduced working capital by €0.9 million. 2023 capital expenditure (€27.1) million was mainly allocated to the development of the rich line-up.During the year  DON'T NOD considerably strengthened its equity and cash position through a €45.9 million fund raising. As a result  as of December 31  2023  shareholders' equity stood at €118.6 million with strong cash and cash equivalents of €54.3 million4.As of December 31  2023  borrowings (including a €2.1 million state-guaranteed loan repayable at maturity in 2026) amounted to only €3.1 million  versus €4.3 million at the end of 2022.Outlook and developmentThe 2024 financial year kicked off with the release of the studio's new narrative action-RPG  Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden on February 13  in partnership with Focus Entertainment Publishing. The game has received wide acclaim among the fan community  with a Metascore of 78 and a Steam user score of 85% to date. DON'T NOD and Focus Entertainment Publishing anticipate a strong long-term performance  driven by an ever-enthusiastic community. The game will receive a boost from a complementary marketing campaign in May this year to attract new players.2024 will also mark the release of Lost Records: Bloom & Rage  the first game developed by the Montreal studio and the creators of Life is Strange  a franchise that now boasts over 20 million players. Discussions are underway with industry leaders to secure the game's economic benefits.After an investment cycle that has transformed the Group  DON'T NOD is now looking to secure its cash flow and consolidate its development based on three pillars to reinforce long-term value creation:capitalizing on the studio's strengths in three successful genres: Action-RPG  Narrative Adventure and Action Adventure securing and maximizing intellectual property revenues based on an improved business model balance between publishing  underpinned by strategic distribution partnerships  and co-production adapting the Group organization by implementing performance optimization levers to capitalize on internal talent (stabilizing headcount  further integrating new technologies and optimizing procurement).This strategy will give DON'T NOD greater flexibility to compete more strongly in an ever-changing industry  responding effectively to market trends and player and partner preferences  while continuing to offer innovative  high-quality experiences.About DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  such as Harmony: The Fall of ReverieTM and JusantTM  as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GUILBERTChief Executive OfficerAgathe MONNERETChief Financial Officerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PUISSANTAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAmaury DUGASTPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 74 - adugast@actus.fr[1] Revenues + capitalized production[2] Operating income + Depreciation and amortization charges & provisions net of reversals + tax credits[3] Operating income + tax credits[4] excluding the account related to the share buyback program[5] Costs incurred on games under development until release[6] Average headcount: 336 at 12/31/2023 vs. 324 at 12/31/2022This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: x26fY5qclJvGnW5wkplmZmiWaJtkyJObbZLIlGNsl8idmXCVlJlkmpmYZnFmlmlr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85145-2024_04_17_cp_dne_ra2023_uk_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.29,0.45,True,English,"['2023 full-year results', 'Entertainment', '€10.5 million non-cash impairment charges', 'Rock solid financial structure', 'rich intellectual property portfolio', 'higher launch cycle costs', 'external intellectual property assets', 'production line development phases', 'game release marketing expenses', ""DON'T NOD teams"", 'video games tax credits', 'Solid balance sheet', 'The Statutory Auditors', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'dynamic back catalog', '2023 full-year consolidated results', 'performance optimization levers', 'seven future internal', 'cash accounting adjustment', 'Total operating expenses', 'consolidated net loss', 'new development challenges', 'Total operating revenues', 'Consolidated net income', 'operating EBIT loss', 'cash equivalents Outlook', ""8.6 million shareholders' equity"", 'Other operating revenues', 'performance cycle', 'portfolio value', 'future games', 'Financial income', '€54.3 million[4] cash', 'Other expenses', 'consolidated figures', '2023 financial report', 'game releases', '€2 million provision', 'narrative games', 'New Eden', ""559 Shareholders' equity"", 'production lines', 'Capitalized production', 'house production', 'Operating EBITDA', 'development revenues', 'Fixed assets', 'Other receivables', '€0.6 million expense', 'Staff costs', 'Non-recurring income', 'independent studio', 'audit assignment', 'coming days', 'Oskar Guilbert', '340 talented people', 'attractive studios', 'North America', 'investment strategy', 'critical mass', 'operational excellence', 'significant value', 'profitable partnerships', 'deferred taxes', '2023 business review', 'late October', 'ongoing developments', 'first half', '474 Trade receivables', 'Trade payables', 'publishing costs', 'non-recurring expense', 'changing industry', 'slight decline', 'previous year', 'threefold increase', '61.4% decline', '6.8% increase', 'expertise', 'Paris', 'April', 'Board', 'Directors', 'process', 'reports', 'Chairman', '15 years', 'existence', 'IPO', 'leadership', 'presence', 'Canada', 'Europe', 'strengths', 'order', 'efficiency', 'wave', 'know-how', 'ability', 'sales', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'CIJV', 'Current', 'goodwill', 'ramp', 'up', 'creation', 'completion', 'Banishers', 'Ghosts', 'contribution', 'Jusant', 'competitive', 'saturated', '2023 earnings', 'control', 'French', 'Canadian', 'Harmony', 'Fall', 'Reverie', 'Gerda', 'item', 'change', 'repayment', 'disposal', 'portion', 'compliance', 'amount', 'LIABILITIES', '67 Inventories', 'work', 'progress', '87 Borrowings', '79']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39474,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864224/0/en/ASML-reports-5-3-billion-total-net-sales-and-1-2-billion-net-income-in-Q1-2024.html,ASML reports €5.3 billion total net sales and €1.2 billion net income in Q1 2024,ASML reports €5.3 billion total net sales and €1.2 billion net income in Q1 20242024 outlook unchanged              VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April...,"ASML reports €5.3 billion total net sales and €1.2 billion net income in Q1 20242024 outlook unchangedVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 17  2024 – Today  ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2024 first-quarter results.Q1 total net sales of €5.3 billion  gross margin of 51.0%  net income of €1.2 billionQuarterly net bookings in Q1 of €3.6 billion 2 of which €656 million is EUVof which €656 million is EUV ASML expects Q2 2024 total net sales between €5.7 billion and €6.2 billion  and a gross margin between 50% and 51%ASML expects 2024 total net sales to be similar to 2023(Figures in millions of euros unless otherwise indicated) Q4 2023 Q1 2024 Total net sales 7 237 5 290 ...of which Installed Base Management sales1 1 555 1 324 New lithography systems sold (units) 113 66 Used lithography systems sold (units) 11 4 Net bookings2 9 186 3 611 Gross profit 3 717 2 697 Gross margin (%) 51.4 51.0 Net income 2 048 1 224 EPS (basic; in euros) 5.21 3.11 End-quarter cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 7 010 5 406(1) Installed Base Management sales equals our net service and field option sales(2) Net bookings include all system sales orders and inflation-related adjustments  for which written authorizations have been accepted.Numbers have been rounded for readers' convenience. A complete summary of US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations is published on www.asml.comCEO statement and outlook""Our first-quarter total net sales came in at €5.3 billion  at the midpoint of our guidance  with a gross margin of 51.0% which is above guidance  primarily driven by product mix and one-offs.""We expect second-quarter total net sales between €5.7 billion and €6.2 billion with a gross margin between 50% and 51%. ASML expects R&D costs of around €1 070 million and SG&A costs of around €295 million. Our outlook for the full year 2024 is unchanged  with the second half of the year expected to be stronger than the first half  in line with the industry's continued recovery from the downturn. We see 2024 as a transition year with continued investments in both capacity ramp and technology  to be ready for the turn in the cycle "" said ASML President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink.Update dividend and share buyback programASML intends to declare a total dividend for the year 2023 of €6.10 per ordinary share  which is a 5.2% increase compared to 2022. Recognizing the three interim dividends of €1.45 per ordinary share paid in 2023 and 2024  this leads to a final dividend proposal to the Annual General Meeting of €1.75 per ordinary share.In the first quarter  we purchased around €400 million worth of shares under the current 2022-2025 share buyback program.Details of the share buyback program as well as transactions pursuant thereto  and details of the dividend are published on ASML's website (www.asml.com/investors).Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771Quarterly video interview and investor callWith this press release  ASML has published a video interview in which CFO Roger Dassen discusses the 2024 first-quarter results and outlook for 2024. This video and the transcript can be viewed on www.asml.com.An investor call for both investors and the media will be hosted by CEO Peter Wennink  CFO Roger Dassen and incoming CEO Christophe Fouquet on April 17  2024 at 15:00 Central European Time / 09:00 US Eastern Time. Details can be found on our website.About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across EMEA  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 42 700 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.US GAAP Financial ReportingASML's primary accounting standard for quarterly earnings releases and annual reports is US GAAP  the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Quarterly US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and Consolidated Balance Sheets are available on www.asml.com.The Consolidated Balance Sheets of ASML Holding N.V. as of March 31  2024  the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the quarter and three months ended March 31  2024 as presented in this press release are unaudited.Regulated informationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Forward Looking StatementsThis document and related discussions contain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to plans  strategies  expected trends  including trends in the semiconductor industry and end markets and business environment trends  including expected demand  lithography tool utilization  semiconductor inventory levels  bookings and order coverage at certain bookings levels  expected recovery in the semiconductor industry and expected turn in the cycle and expected timing thereof  plans to increase capacity  outlook and expected financial results  including expected results for Q2 2024  including net sales  IBM sales  gross margin  R&D costs  SG&A costs  expected results for full year 2024  including expectations with respect to revenue and gross margin and estimated annualized effective tax rate  expectations with respect to sales by market segment  EUV  DUV and IBM sales and margins and expected drivers thereof  and other full year 2024 expectations  expectations with respect to expected financial performance in 2025 and expected drivers thereof  statements made at our 2022 Investor Day  including revenue and gross margin opportunity for 2025 and 2030  statements with respect to export control policy and regulations and expected impact on us  our expectation to return significant amounts of cash to shareholders through growing dividends and share buybacks  including the amount of shares intended to be repurchased under our share repurchase program and statements with respect to dividends  statements with respect to expected performance and capabilities of our systems and customer plans and other non-historical statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”  “will”  “could”  “should”  “project”  “believe”  “anticipate”  “expect”  “plan”  “estimate”  “forecast”  “potential”  “intend”  “continue”  “target”  “future”  “progress”  “goal”  “opportunity” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts  but rather are based on current expectations  estimates  assumptions and projections about our business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve a number of substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  customer demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity  worldwide demand for semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing capacity  lithography tool utilization and semiconductor inventory levels  general trends and consumer confidence in the semiconductor industry  the impact of general economic conditions  including the impact of the current macroeconomic uncertainty on the semiconductor industry  the impact of inflation  interest rates  geopolitical developments  the impact of pandemics  the performance of our systems  the success of technology advances and the pace of new product development and customer acceptance of and demand for new products  our production capacity and ability to adjust capacity to meet demand  supply chain capacity  constraints and logistics  timely availability of parts and components  raw materials  critical manufacturing equipment and qualified employees  constraints on our ability to produce systems to meet demand  the number and timing of systems ordered  shipped and recognized in revenue  risks relating to fluctuations in net bookings  the risk of order cancellation or push outs and restrictions on shipments of ordered systems under export controls  risks relating to the trade environment  import/export and national security regulations and orders and their impact on us  including the impact of changes in export regulations and the impact of such regulations on our ability to obtain necessary licenses and to sell our systems and services to certain customers  changes in exchange and tax rates  available liquidity and liquidity requirements  our ability to refinance our indebtedness  available cash and distributable reserves for  and other factors impacting  dividend payments and share repurchases  the number of shares that we repurchase under our share repurchase programs  our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights and the outcome of intellectual property disputes and litigation  our ability to meet ESG goals and execute our ESG strategy  other factors that may impact ASML’s business or financial results  and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and other filings with and submissions to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations  except as required by law.Attachments",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['€5.3\xa0billion total net sales', '€1.2\xa0billion net income', 'ASML', 'Q1', 'Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink', 'current 2022-2025 share buyback program', 'Quarterly US GAAP Consolidated Statements', 'US GAAP Financial Reporting', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'The Consolidated Balance Sheets', 'Q2 2024 total net sales', 'second-quarter total net sales', '€5.3 billion total net sales', 'ASML Holding N.V.', 'first-quarter total net sales', 'Q1 total net sales', 'CEO Peter Wennink', 'Base Management sales', 'field option sales', 'system sales orders', 'quarterly earnings releases', 'related Consolidated Statements', '00 US Eastern Time', 'Quarterly net bookings', 'Used lithography systems', 'R&D costs', 'SG&A costs', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'CFO Roger Dassen', '15:00 Central European Time', '€1.2 billion net income', '24 New lithography systems', 'three interim dividends', 'Annual General Meeting', 'primary accounting standard', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'final dividend proposal', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Quarterly video interview', 'ASML Holding NV', 'total dividend', 'Peter Cheang', '4 Net bookings2', 'net service', 'ordinary share', '2024 first-quarter results', 'new limits', 'annual reports', 'accounting principles', 'three months', 'CEO statement', 'investor call', 'incoming CEO', 'gross margin', 'Gross profit', 'End-quarter cash', 'cash equivalents', 'short-term investments', 'inflation-related adjustments', 'written authorizations', ""readers' convenience"", 'complete summary', 'product mix', 'second half', 'first half', 'continued investments', 'capacity ramp', 'Update dividend', '€400 million worth', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'press release', 'Christophe Fouquet', 'leading supplier', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'United States', 'Cash Flows', 'full year', 'transition year', 'first quarter', 'semiconductor industry', 'multinational company', 'ASML President', 'groundbreaking technology', 'EUV ASML', '2024 outlook', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Figures', 'millions', 'euros', 'Q4', 'units', '24 EPS', 'Numbers', 'Operations', 'midpoint', 'guidance', 'one-offs', 'line', 'recovery', 'downturn', 'cycle', '5.2% increase', 'shares', 'Details', 'transactions', 'website', 'investors', 'transcript', 'April', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'EMEA', 'Asia', '42,700 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'America', 'March', '09']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39475,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNILEVER-PLC-9590186/news/Unilever-Evolving-laundry-habits-and-tech-drive-category-innovation-at-Unilever-46451115/,Unilever : Evolving laundry habits and tech drive category innovation at Unilever,(marketscreener.com)   Evolving laundry habits and tech drive category innovation at Unilever    Published: 17 April 2024   Average read time: 3 minutes     Unilever Power Brand  Dirt Is Good  harnesses the short-cycle phenomenon with 15-minute …,This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws of certain jurisdictions  including 'forward-looking statements' within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Words and terminology such as 'will'  'aim'  'expects'  'anticipates'  'intends'  'looks'  'believes'  'vision'  'continue'  'should'  'would be'  'seeks'  or the negative of these terms and other similar expressions of future performance  results  actions or events  and their negatives  are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  statements and information regarding Unilever's acceleration of its Growth Action Plan  Unilever's portfolio optimisation towards global or scalable brands  the capabilities and potential of such brands  the structure  timing  impacts and other aspects of the separation of Ice Cream  Ice Cream's future operational model  strategy  growth potential  performance and returns  Unilever's productivity programme  its impacts and cost savings over the next three years and operation dis-synergies from the separation of Ice Cream  the post-separation and post-disposal structure  operating model  strategy  portfolio  performance and returns of Unilever  including but not limited to Unilever's post-separation topline growth and margin. Forward-looking statements can be made in writing but also may be made verbally by directors  officers and employees of the Group (including during management presentations) in connection with this announcement. These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting the Group. They are not historical facts  nor are they guarantees of future performance or outcomes. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties  a number of which may be beyond the Group's control  there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Among other risks and uncertainties  the material or principal factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements expressed in this announcement are: Unilever's ability to obtain any approvals necessary to consummate the separation of Ice Cream  Unilever's ability to successfully separate Ice Cream and realise the anticipated benefits of the separation; Unilever's ability to successfully execute and consummate its productivity programme in line with expected costs to achieve expected savings; Ice Cream's ability to succeed as a standalone company; Unilever's global brands not meeting consumer preferences; Unilever's ability to innovate and remain competitive; Unilever's investment choices in its portfolio management; the effect of climate change on Unilever's business; Unilever's ability to find sustainable solutions to its plastic packaging; significant changes or deterioration in customer relationships; the recruitment and retention of talented employees; disruptions in Unilever's supply chain and distribution; increases or volatility in the cost of raw materials and commodities; the production of safe and high quality products; secure and reliable IT infrastructure; execution of acquisitions  divestitures and business transformation projects; economic  social and political risks and natural disasters; financial risks; failure to meet high and ethical standards; and managing regulatory  tax and legal matters.The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs  assumptions and expectations of our future performance  taking into account all information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. These beliefs  assumptions  and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors  not all of which are known to us. If a chance occurs  events  our business  financial condition  liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this announcement. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  the Group expressly disclaims any intention  obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Group's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. New risks and uncertainties arise over time  and it is not possible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. In addition  we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual events  to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are described in the Group's filings with the London Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including in the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2023 and the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2023.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.26,0.44,True,English,"['tech drive category innovation', 'Evolving laundry habits', 'Unilever', 'United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'next three years', 'reliable IT infrastructure', 'Growth Action Plan', 'other similar expressions', 'high quality products', 'future operational model', 'business transformation projects', 'post-separation topline growth', 'many possible events', 'securities laws', 'operating model', 'other aspects', 'other risks', 'growth potential', 'historical fact', 'Ice Cream', 'productivity programme', 'operation dis', 'management presentations', 'anticipated developments', 'other factors', 'undue reliance', 'unknown risks', 'expected costs', 'expected savings', 'standalone company', 'consumer preferences', 'investment choices', 'sustainable solutions', 'plastic packaging', 'significant changes', 'customer relationships', 'supply chain', 'raw materials', 'economic, social', 'political risks', 'natural disasters', 'financial risks', 'ethical standards', 'regulatory, tax', 'legal matters', 'financial condition', 'applicable law', 'New risks', 'forward-looking statements', 'cautionary statements', 'future performance', 'important factors', 'principal factors', 'future events', 'portfolio optimisation', 'scalable brands', 'portfolio management', 'cost savings', 'post-disposal structure', 'actual results', 'talented employees', 'climate change', 'current expectations', 'global brands', 'announcement', 'meaning', 'jurisdictions', 'Words', 'terminology', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'vision', 'seeks', 'terms', 'actions', 'negatives', 'information', 'Unilever', 'acceleration', 'capabilities', 'timing', 'impacts', 'strategy', 'returns', 'synergies', 'margin', 'writing', 'directors', 'officers', 'Group', 'connection', 'assumptions', 'guarantees', 'outcomes', 'entirety', 'section', 'Readers', 'uncertainties', 'number', 'control', 'ability', 'approvals', 'benefits', 'effect', 'deterioration', 'recruitment', 'retention', 'disruptions', 'distribution', 'increases', 'volatility', 'commodities', 'production', 'safe', 'secure', 'execution', 'acquisitions', 'divestitures', 'failure', 'beliefs', 'account', 'predictions', 'chance', 'liquidity', 'operations', 'date', 'regulation', 'intention', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'time']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39476,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864283/0/en/Dialing-Up-Nights-Out-Heineken-Bodega-Launch-the-No-Frills-Boring-Phone.html,Dialing Up Nights Out: Heineken® & Bodega Launch the No-Frills ‘Boring Phone’,Heineken® and US brand and retail marketplace Bodega have launched ‘The Boring Phone'  to help people discover there is more to their social life when......,"Heineken® and US brand and retail marketplace Bodega have launched ‘The Boring Phone'  to help people discover there is more to their social life when there is less on their phoneIn a world where smartphones are becoming too interesting  ‘The Boring Phone’ takes things back to basics with no access to the internet  social media or other appsThe device will be shown for the first time on Thursday 18th April at a pop-up Bodega at Milan Design Week; the world’s leading festival for design and innovationFollowing research that reveals 90% of people admit to habitually scrolling on nights out  Heineken® has answered the “call” from young adults who want to disconnect from their techMILAN  April 17  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Heineken®  in collaboration with tastemakers in street culture  Bodega have launched ‘The Boring Phone’.The limited run of ‘dumb’ phones – specifically designed to have reduced tech capabilities - has been created to encourage people to enjoy better real-life connections on nights out by disconnecting from their smartphones.With smartphones becoming so advanced and interesting to the user  it’s easier than ever to connect to the online world but harder to stay in the moment. Produced by European mobile innovator  Human Mobile Devices (HMD)  the Heineken® x Bodega Boring Phone strips back the distractions of today’s smartphones. Designed to deliver the basics needed for a great night out  the phone’s primary function is to send and receive calls and text messages.The phone’s transparent casing and holographic stickers draw inspiration from Gen Z’s love of Newtro fashion and design and are reminiscent of mobile phones of the early 2000s. With modern-day frills removed  the phone is unable to download social media or other apps that take away from being present. It also has a handy week of standby time and up to 20 hours of talk time.As smartphones continue to dominate attention spans globally  new research commissioned by Heineken® reveals 90% of Zillennials* across the UK and US confess to doom scrolling while socialising with friends and family; checking their devices seven times each night out on average.When it comes to the biggest distractions  two-thirds admit to checking social media (62%) when hanging out with others  while over a third (36%) confess to checking work emails. Three in ten (30%) also revealed they sneakily play games instead of engaging with their family and friends in the moment.But as over a third (37%) reveal that they check their phones more often than they should when socialising  the tide is beginning to turn with 32% admitting they would like to be able to switch off from their phones while on a night out.Encouragingly  one in five (22%) revealed they already turn their phone off or leave it at home ahead of social occasions and a further two in five (38%) say they’d consider doing so.Heineken® and Bodega have embarked on this partnership to show people that there is more to their social life when there is less on their phone.Nabil Nasser  the Global Head of Heineken® comments  “We could all do with a break from the constant distractions of smart tech; something our research has shown is even more important to our Gen Z and Millennial consumers. When we spoke to them about their smartphone usage  we quickly realised that many feel they are habitually distracted when socialising by their device but also admit they didn’t want to go completely phone-free. At Heineken®  we want to foster moments of genuine connection and help people experience the joy of true togetherness. In creating The Boring Phone we have gone back to basics  we have dialled down the tech to help people truly connect over a beer  without any distraction from the constant buzzing and dings.”Oliver Mak  co-founder of Bodega adds  “At Bodega  we see ourselves as a vehicle for connecting culture and young people  so when Heineken approached us to collaborate on a project designed to do exactly this  we were excited to get involved. Despite having grown up surrounded by technology  us Gen Z and Millennials are now recognising that our dependence on our phones is impacting our ability to make actual  real-life connections. This in turn impacts our ability to have fun  and on a macro level  the development of culture.“Smartphones can be too interesting  so we wanted to design a boring one. We were really inspired by the rise of Newtro and wanted to reinterpret a past cultural icon that some younger Zillennials may not have experienced before. We can’t wait to see the response to The Boring Phone as we merge our visions in a shared pursuit of creativity and community. This is truly going to help answer the call for better nights out.”Emerging Ibiza-based  British producer  TSHA  who is quickly becoming one of the most exciting young artists in the industry  will be celebrating The Boring Phone launch with a giveaway to fans  having experienced first-hand how smart tech serves as a barrier to being in the moment at music events.TSHA says  “As an artist  you want to connect with the audience to know they’re having a good time  but it’s hard to do this when you look up from the decks and see a sea of smartphones flashing in your face. I would love to see a world where we enter the venue and just live in the moment; connect with the artist  your mates and just have a good time. The Heineken x Bodega Boring Phone is the perfect antidote to the barriers smart tech pose to nights out.”Heineken® and Bodega will unveil The Boring Phone at Milan Design Week on Thursday 18th April  with a party hosted by the collaborators. Following this  devices will be given away to revellers around the world  so they can disconnect  reclaim quality time with friends  family and loved ones  and dial up their nights out.An app that will turn smartphones boring will also be launched in June to give those who don’t manage to get their hands on a physical device the Boring Phone experience.To discover more about The Boring Phone and why ditching smart tech enables better nights out  visit www.heineken.com/theboringphone.Notes to editors:For more information  images and interview requests please contact Heinekenboringphone@wearetheromans.com.Research*:Heineken commissioned survey of 4 000 Gen Z and Millennial Smartphone users of legal drinking age (2 000 UK  and 2 000 USA). Conducted by OnePoll  March 2024. Data can be separated into just UK/US/Gen Z/Millennial demographics if required. Further data from Italy  Brazil  Germany and Mexico available upon request.About the Boring PhoneDimensions 108 x 55 x 18.9mm  123g Displays Internal: 2.8” QVGA | External: 1.77"" QQVGA Camera 0.3MP + LED flash Design Ergonomic flip phone with DualSIM Audio FM radio (wired/wireless) Connectivity 2G  3G  4G | Bluetooth 4.2 | 3.5mm AV jack | Micro USB Battery 1 450mAh (removable)Up to 6 hrs 3G/4G networks talk time. Up to 20hrs talk time in 2G networkss | Over a week of standby time Storage Internal: 128MB | MicroSD slot up to 32GB Charging Micro USBAbout BodegaFounded in 2006 as a conceptual retail space encompassing street culture and contemporary fashion  Bodega has evolved into a global tastemaker within traditional retail  e-commerce  art experiences  and design. Based in Boston  MA & Downtown LA  Bodega’s fully hidden  experimental retail space has been described as a living art installation and is one of the most talked about experiences on the planet https://bdgastore.com/.About Heineken®HEINEKEN® is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN® has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken® N.V. and Heineken® Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN® has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken® N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken® Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY).Photos accompanying this announcement are available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/bf1d5f77-97b1-41b1-916e-1eedeed86e77https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/fe93accb-37fd-47f1-9067-3596d67f4f68",neutral,0.04,0.8,0.16,mixed,0.49,0.25,0.26,True,English,"['Boring Phone', 'Nights', 'Heineken®', 'Bodega', 'Heineken® x Bodega Boring Phone strips', 'The Boring Phone launch', 'Thursday 18th April', 'past cultural icon', 'European mobile innovator', 'exciting young artists', 'retail marketplace Bodega', 'actual, real-life connections', 'Human Mobile Devices', 'Milan Design Week', 'boring one', 'handy week', 'young adults', 'pop-up Bodega', 'mobile phones', 'social life', 'social media', 'other apps', 'first time', 'leading festival', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'limited run', 'primary function', 'text messages', 'transparent casing', 'holographic stickers', 'Gen Z', 'early 2000s', 'modern-day frills', 'standby time', 'to 20 hours', 'talk time', 'attention spans', 'work emails', 'social occasions', 'Nabil Nasser', 'Global Head', 'Millennial consumers', 'smartphone usage', 'genuine connection', 'true togetherness', 'constant buzzing', 'Oliver Mak', 'macro level', 'shared pursuit', 'Emerging Ibiza-based', 'British producer', 'music events', 'biggest distractions', 'Heineken® comments', 'constant distractions', 'tech capabilities', 'smart tech', 'US brand', 'great night', 'Newtro fashion', 'younger Zillennials', 'young people', 'dumb’ phones', 'street culture', 'online world', 'new research', 'smartphones', 'things', 'basics', 'access', 'internet', 'innovation', 'nights', 'call', 'collaboration', 'tastemakers', 'user', 'moment', 'HMD', 'today', 'inspiration', 'love', 'UK', 'friends', 'family', 'average', 'two-thirds', 'others', 'games', 'tide', 'home', 'partnership', 'break', 'something', 'joy', 'beer', 'dings', 'founder', 'vehicle', 'project', 'technology', 'Millennials', 'dependence', 'ability', 'turn', 'development', 'rise', 'response', 'visions', 'creativity', 'community', 'TSHA', 'industry', 'giveaway', 'fans', 'barrier', 'audie']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39477,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEINEKEN-N-V-13074772/news/Dialing-Up-Nights-Out-Heineken-Bodega-Launch-the-No-Frills-Boring-Phone--46454207/,Dialing Up Nights Out: Heineken® & Bodega Launch the No-Frills ‘Boring Phone',(marketscreener.com) Heineken® and US brand and retail marketplace Bodega have launched ‘The Boring Phone'  to help people discover there is more to their social life when there is less on their phoneIn a world where smartphones are becoming too interesting  …,"Heineken® and US brand and retail marketplace Bodega have launched ‘The Boring Phone'  to help people discover there is more to their social life when there is less on their phoneIn a world where smartphones are becoming too interesting  ‘The Boring Phone’ takes things back to basics with no access to the internet  social media or other appsThe device will be shown for the first time on Thursday 18th April at a pop-up Bodega at Milan Design Week; the world’s leading festival for design and innovationFollowing research that reveals 90% of people admit to habitually scrolling on nights out  Heineken® has answered the “call” from young adults who want to disconnect from their techMILAN  April 17  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Heineken®  in collaboration with tastemakers in street culture  Bodega have launched ‘The Boring Phone’.The limited run of ‘dumb’ phones – specifically designed to have reduced tech capabilities - has been created to encourage people to enjoy better real-life connections on nights out by disconnecting from their smartphones.With smartphones becoming so advanced and interesting to the user  it’s easier than ever to connect to the online world but harder to stay in the moment. Produced by European mobile innovator  Human Mobile Devices (HMD)  the Heineken® x Bodega Boring Phone strips back the distractions of today’s smartphones. Designed to deliver the basics needed for a great night out  the phone’s primary function is to send and receive calls and text messages.The phone’s transparent casing and holographic stickers draw inspiration from Gen Z’s love of Newtro fashion and design and are reminiscent of mobile phones of the early 2000s. With modern-day frills removed  the phone is unable to download social media or other apps that take away from being present. It also has a handy week of standby time and up to 20 hours of talk time.As smartphones continue to dominate attention spans globally  new research commissioned by Heineken® reveals 90% of Zillennials* across the UK and US confess to doom scrolling while socialising with friends and family; checking their devices seven times each night out on average.When it comes to the biggest distractions  two-thirds admit to checking social media (62%) when hanging out with others  while over a third (36%) confess to checking work emails. Three in ten (30%) also revealed they sneakily play games instead of engaging with their family and friends in the moment.But as over a third (37%) reveal that they check their phones more often than they should when socialising  the tide is beginning to turn with 32% admitting they would like to be able to switch off from their phones while on a night out.Encouragingly  one in five (22%) revealed they already turn their phone off or leave it at home ahead of social occasions and a further two in five (38%) say they’d consider doing so.Heineken® and Bodega have embarked on this partnership to show people that there is more to their social life when there is less on their phone.Nabil Nasser  the Global Head of Heineken® comments  “We could all do with a break from the constant distractions of smart tech; something our research has shown is even more important to our Gen Z and Millennial consumers. When we spoke to them about their smartphone usage  we quickly realised that many feel they are habitually distracted when socialising by their device but also admit they didn’t want to go completely phone-free. At Heineken®  we want to foster moments of genuine connection and help people experience the joy of true togetherness. In creating The Boring Phone we have gone back to basics  we have dialled down the tech to help people truly connect over a beer  without any distraction from the constant buzzing and dings.”Oliver Mak  co-founder of Bodega adds  “At Bodega  we see ourselves as a vehicle for connecting culture and young people  so when Heineken approached us to collaborate on a project designed to do exactly this  we were excited to get involved. Despite having grown up surrounded by technology  us Gen Z and Millennials are now recognising that our dependence on our phones is impacting our ability to make actual  real-life connections. This in turn impacts our ability to have fun  and on a macro level  the development of culture.“Smartphones can be too interesting  so we wanted to design a boring one. We were really inspired by the rise of Newtro and wanted to reinterpret a past cultural icon that some younger Zillennials may not have experienced before. We can’t wait to see the response to The Boring Phone as we merge our visions in a shared pursuit of creativity and community. This is truly going to help answer the call for better nights out.”Emerging Ibiza-based  British producer  TSHA  who is quickly becoming one of the most exciting young artists in the industry  will be celebrating The Boring Phone launch with a giveaway to fans  having experienced first-hand how smart tech serves as a barrier to being in the moment at music events.TSHA says  “As an artist  you want to connect with the audience to know they’re having a good time  but it’s hard to do this when you look up from the decks and see a sea of smartphones flashing in your face. I would love to see a world where we enter the venue and just live in the moment; connect with the artist  your mates and just have a good time. The Heineken x Bodega Boring Phone is the perfect antidote to the barriers smart tech pose to nights out.”Heineken® and Bodega will unveil The Boring Phone at Milan Design Week on Thursday 18th April  with a party hosted by the collaborators. Following this  devices will be given away to revellers around the world  so they can disconnect  reclaim quality time with friends  family and loved ones  and dial up their nights out.An app that will turn smartphones boring will also be launched in June to give those who don’t manage to get their hands on a physical device the Boring Phone experience.To discover more about The Boring Phone and why ditching smart tech enables better nights out  visit www.heineken.com/theboringphone.Notes to editors:For more information  images and interview requests please contact Heinekenboringphone@wearetheromans.com.Research*:Heineken commissioned survey of 4 000 Gen Z and Millennial Smartphone users of legal drinking age (2 000 UK  and 2 000 USA). Conducted by OnePoll  March 2024. Data can be separated into just UK/US/Gen Z/Millennial demographics if required. Further data from Italy  Brazil  Germany and Mexico available upon request.About the Boring PhoneDimensions 108 x 55 x 18.9mm  123g Displays Internal: 2.8” QVGA | External: 1.77"" QQVGA Camera 0.3MP + LED flash Design Ergonomic flip phone with DualSIM Audio FM radio (wired/wireless) Connectivity 2G  3G  4G | Bluetooth 4.2 | 3.5mm AV jack | Micro USB Battery 1 450mAh (removable)Up to 6 hrs 3G/4G networks talk time. Up to 20hrs talk time in 2G networkss | Over a week of standby time Storage Internal: 128MB | MicroSD slot up to 32GB Charging Micro USBAbout BodegaFounded in 2006 as a conceptual retail space encompassing street culture and contemporary fashion  Bodega has evolved into a global tastemaker within traditional retail  e-commerce  art experiences  and design. Based in Boston  MA & Downtown LA  Bodega’s fully hidden  experimental retail space has been described as a living art installation and is one of the most talked about experiences on the planet https://bdgastore.com/.About Heineken®HEINEKEN® is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN® has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken® N.V. and Heineken® Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN® has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken® N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken® Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY).Photos accompanying this announcement are available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/bf1d5f77-97b1-41b1-916e-1eedeed86e77https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/fe93accb-37fd-47f1-9067-3596d67f4f68",neutral,0.08,0.74,0.18,mixed,0.49,0.25,0.26,True,English,"['Boring Phone', 'Nights', 'Heineken®', 'Bodega', 'No-Frills', 'Heineken® x Bodega Boring Phone strips', 'The Boring Phone launch', 'Thursday 18th April', 'past cultural icon', 'European mobile innovator', 'exciting young artists', 'retail marketplace Bodega', 'actual, real-life connections', 'Human Mobile Devices', 'Milan Design Week', 'boring one', 'handy week', 'young adults', 'pop-up Bodega', 'mobile phones', 'social life', 'social media', 'other apps', 'first time', 'leading festival', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'limited run', 'primary function', 'text messages', 'transparent casing', 'holographic stickers', 'Gen Z', 'early 2000s', 'modern-day frills', 'standby time', 'to 20 hours', 'talk time', 'attention spans', 'work emails', 'social occasions', 'Nabil Nasser', 'Global Head', 'Millennial consumers', 'smartphone usage', 'genuine connection', 'true togetherness', 'constant buzzing', 'Oliver Mak', 'macro level', 'shared pursuit', 'Emerging Ibiza-based', 'British producer', 'music events', 'biggest distractions', 'Heineken® comments', 'constant distractions', 'tech capabilities', 'smart tech', 'US brand', 'great night', 'Newtro fashion', 'younger Zillennials', 'young people', 'dumb’ phones', 'street culture', 'online world', 'new research', 'smartphones', 'things', 'basics', 'access', 'internet', 'innovation', 'nights', 'call', 'collaboration', 'tastemakers', 'user', 'moment', 'HMD', 'today', 'inspiration', 'love', 'UK', 'friends', 'family', 'average', 'two-thirds', 'others', 'games', 'tide', 'home', 'partnership', 'break', 'something', 'joy', 'beer', 'dings', 'founder', 'vehicle', 'project', 'technology', 'Millennials', 'dependence', 'ability', 'turn', 'development', 'rise', 'response', 'visions', 'creativity', 'community', 'TSHA', 'industry', 'giveaway', 'fans', 'barrier', 'audie']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39478,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864225/0/en/Press-Release-New-48-week-frexalimab-phase-2-data-support-potential-for-high-sustained-efficacy-in-multiple-sclerosis.html,Press Release: New 48-week frexalimab phase 2 data support potential for high sustained efficacy in multiple sclerosis,New 48-week frexalimab phase 2 data support potential for high sustained efficacy in multiple sclerosis  Data support frexalimab as a potential......,New 48-week frexalimab phase 2 data support potential for high sustained efficacy in multiple sclerosisData support frexalimab as a potential first-in-class  high-efficacy  non-lymphocyte depleting treatment for relapsing multiple sclerosis96% of participants receiving high-dose intravenous frexalimab had no new Gd+ T1 lesions and an annualized relapse rate of 0.04 after 48 weeksSanofi has initiated global phase 3 studies of frexalimab in relapsing MS and non-relapsing secondary progressive MSParis  April 17  2024. Sanofi’s CD40L antibody  frexalimab  demonstrated sustained reduction of disease activity and favorable tolerability after nearly one year in participants with relapsing multiple sclerosis. These data will be presented today at the American Academy of Neurology (AAN) 2024 Annual Meeting in Denver  Colorado  US. Results from the 12-week double-blind study period were previously published in The New England Journal of Medicine.Patrick Vermersch  MD  PhDUniversity of Lille  CHU Lille  France“These 48-week data showed that treatment with frexalimab resulted in further decreases in the number of lesions and a sustained reduction in disease activity. The preliminary clinical results are promising with a very low annual relapse rate. This strengthens the rationale for targeting CD40L in MS and supports further development of frexalimab as a potential high-efficacy therapy in relapsing MS.”From the initial 12-week double-blind period  97% (125/129) of study participants entered the open-label extension (OLE) of the phase 2 study. Of all participants receiving frexalimab  both on high- and low-dose regimens and participants who switched from placebo at the start of the open-label extension period (week 12)  87% (112/129) remained in the study at the 48-week cut-off. During the OLE  participants in the high- (n=50) and low-dose (n=49) arms continued to receive frexalimab 1200 mg intravenously every four weeks  or frexalimab 300 mg subcutaneously every two weeks  respectively  while those initially receiving placebo switched to the aforementioned high or low dose frexalimab treatment arms (n=12 and n=14  respectively).Erik Wallström  MD  PhDGlobal Head of Neurology Development  Sanofi“Frexalimab represents a novel potential first-in-class treatment mechanism in multiple sclerosis designed to tackle the aspects of this disease where unmet medical needs still exist. We are applying our deep expertise to address the full spectrum of neuroinflammation and neurodegeneration to improve the lives of people living with multiple sclerosis.”Results of the phase 2 OLE at week 48 showed:96% of patients who continued receiving high-dose frexalimab and 87% of those who continued receiving low-dose frexalimab were free of Gd+ T1 lesions at week 48  respectively. Additionally  among patients who switched from placebo to high and low-dose frexalimab at the start of the OLE at week 12  declines were seen at Week 24  and 90% and 92% were free of Gd+ T1 lesions at week 48  respectively.The number of Gd+ T1-lesions (mean [SD]) remained low in participants who continued receiving frexalimab (high dose: 0.0 [0.2]; low dose: 0.2 [0.5]) and continued to decline in those who switched from placebo to frexalimab at week 12 (high dose: 0.2 [0.6]; low dose: 0.1 [0.3]).Number of and volume change of new or enlarging Gd+ T2-lesions remained low for all frexalimab treatment groups through week 48  and lymphocyte counts remained stable.Participants who continued receiving high-dose frexalimab experienced a low annualized relapse rate (ARR) of 0.04 (95% CI: 0.01  0.18) over the 48-week treatment period with 96% being free of relapses. ARR in the initial low-dose arm was 0.22  and ARR in patients who switched to high and low-dose frexalimab were 0.09 and 0.40  respectively  through week 48.Frexalimab was generally well-tolerated through week 48. The most common adverse events (≥10%) amongst all subgroups of patients receiving frexalimab during OLE until cut-off at week 48 from baseline were nasopharyngitis (n=14 [11%])  headache (n=14 [11%]) and COVID-19 (n=13 [10%]).About the phase 2 studyThe phase 2 study was a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study evaluating frexalimab in participants with relapsing MS. Participants were randomized (4:4:1:1) to receive either high (frexalimab 1200 mg intravenously every four weeks  with an initial 1800 mg loading dose) or low (frexalimab 300 mg subcutaneously every two weeks  with an initial 600 mg loading dose) doses of frexalimab or matching placebo for 12 weeks (Part A). The primary endpoint was the reduction in the number of new Gd+ T1 MRI brain lesions at week 12. Secondary endpoints included additional MRI-based efficacy measures as well as the safety  tolerability and pharmacokinetics of frexalimab. After week 12  participants receiving placebo switched to respective frexalimab arms and entered the open-label Part B  which is currently ongoing.About frexalimabFrexalimab (SAR441344) is a potentially first-in-class second generation investigational anti-CD40L antibody that blocks the costimulatory CD40/CD40L pathway which is important for activation and function of adaptive (T and B cells) and innate (macrophages/microglia and dendritic cells) immunity. Through this unique upstream mechanism of action  frexalimab has the potential to address both acute and chronic neuroinflammation in MS  without causing lymphocyte depletion. Sanofi is developing frexalimab under an exclusive license from ImmuNext Inc. Frexalimab is being evaluated in phase 3 clinical studies for Multiple Sclerosis and phase 2 clinical studies for immunology indications and Type 1 Diabetes  and its safety and efficacy have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority. For more information on frexalimab clinical trials  please visit .About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | +3333 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert |+ 1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen | +44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen @sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,positive,0.52,0.45,0.02,True,English,"['New 48-week frexalimab phase 2 data support potential', 'high sustained efficacy', 'Press Release', 'multiple sclerosis', 'new Gd+ T1 MRI brain lesions', 'New 48-week frexalimab phase 2 data support potential', 'The New England Journal', 'second generation investigational anti-CD40L', 'additional MRI-based efficacy measures', 'initial 12-week double-blind period', 'new Gd+ T1 lesions', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study', '12-week double-blind study period', 'low annual relapse rate', 'low annualized relapse rate', 'initial 1800 mg loading dose', 'initial 600 mg loading dose', 'relapsing secondary progressive MS', '48-week treatment period', 'AAN) 2024 Annual Meeting', 'potential high-efficacy therapy', 'novel potential first', 'Erik Wallström', 'unmet medical needs', 'common adverse events', 'initial low-dose arm', 'open-label extension period', 'global phase 3 studies', 'lymphocyte depleting treatment', 'open-label Part B', 'preliminary clinical results', 'respective frexalimab arms', 'class treatment mechanism', 'high sustained efficacy', 'frexalimab treatment arms', 'frexalimab treatment groups', 'high-dose intravenous frexalimab', '48-week data', '48-week cut-off', 'Gd+ T1-lesions', 'Gd+ T2-lesions', 'phase 2 study', 'low dose', 'Secondary endpoints', 'relapsing MS', 'Global Head', 'lymphocyte counts', 'Part A', 'frexalimab 1200 mg', 'high dose', 'multiple sclerosis', 'sustained reduction', 'one year', 'American Academy', 'Patrick Vermersch', 'low-dose regimens', 'high- (n', 'deep expertise', 'full spectrum', 'high-dose frexalimab', 'volume change', 'primary endpoint', 'disease activity', 'low-dose frexalimab', 'study participants', 'CD40L antibody', 'favorable tolerability', 'PhD University', 'CHU Lille', 'Neurology Development', 'frexalimab 300', '48 weeks', 'Sanofi', 'Paris', 'April', 'Denver', 'Colorado', 'Medicine', 'MD', 'France', 'decreases', 'number', 'rationale', '125/12', 'start', 'aspects', 'neuroinflammation', 'neurodegeneration', 'lives', 'people', 'patients', 'declines', 'mean', 'SD', 'enlarging', 'ARR', 'relapses', 'subgroups', 'baseline', 'nasopharyngitis', 'headache', 'COVID', 'doses', '12 weeks', 'pharmacokinetics', '96']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39479,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MARIE-BRIZARD-WINE-SPIRIT-4705/news/Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits-2023-full-year-earnings-46459004/,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits: 2023 full-year earnings,(marketscreener.com) Charenton-le-Pont  17 April...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MARIE-BRIZARD-WINE-SPIRIT-4705/news/Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits-2023-full-year-earnings-46459004/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240417,Charenton-le-Pont  17 April 20242023 full-year earningsGrowth in EBITDA1 and underlying operational profit in 2023 despite the slowdown in the spirits market  particularly in France.Full-year positive effect of earlier restructuring done.EBITDA 1 of €13.3m in 2023  up 12.8% versus 11 8 M€ in 2022Net profit (Group share) of €8.7m in 2023 compared with a net loss of €0.9m in 2022NB: All revenue variation figures reported herein are at constant exchange rates and consolidation scope  unless otherwise stated.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) today announces its consolidated earnings for the 2023 financial year as approved by the Group’s Board of Directors on 16 April 2024. All audit procedures have been carried out.Commenting on these results  Fahd Khadraoui  Chief Executive Officer of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits  said: “Our Group faced many challenges in 2023 and I am proud of the work accomplished by our teams in this demanding environment.In a year marked by dramatic inflation  starting in 2022  and persistent market downturns  we were able to implement price increases designed to cover the rise in input costs  while preserving the market share of our Strategic International and Flagship Local brands.We have also succeeded in developing our Agencies Brands distribution and Industrial Services offerings  allowing us to better absorb the structural costs of our subsidiaries.In the first year of our medium-term development plan  “Investing for a Sustainable Growth”  we have focused our investments on improving the productivity and sustainability of our industrial equipment and the visibility of our brands.Lastly  the benefits of the major restructuring initiatives launched in 2022 were felt over the full year basis in 2023  making a major contribution to improving Group profitability.As markets are normalising in 2024 after the episode of inflation  we must redouble our efforts to protect our market share and positioning  as well as our margins  building on our fundamental commitment to offering our consumers high-quality products at the best prices.”Simplified income statement - FY 2023(€m except EPS) 2022 2023 Change 2023/2022 Net revenues (excluding excise duties) 181.4 194.2 +12.8 Gross margin 70.9 70.7 -0.2 Gross margin ratio 39.1% 36.4% EBITDA 11.8 13.3 +1.5 EBITDA margin 6.5% 6.9% Underlying operating profit 7.1 8.1 +1.0 Net profit (Group share) (0.9) 8.7 +9.6 of which Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations  Group share (0.9) 8.7 +9.6 of which Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations - - - Earnings per share  Group share (EPS  €) -0.01 0.08 +0.09 Earnings per share from continuing operations  Group share (EPS  €) -0.01 0.08 +0.09In 2023  the Group generated sales of €194.2m  up 7.2% on the prior year  excluding currency impact. 2023 was marked by a rise in revenues for both clusters  particularly the International cluster.Gross margin was virtually stable at €70.7m  and the gross margin ratio was 36.4% in 2023  compared with 39.1% in 2022. This 2.7 percentage point decline reflects the continuing surges in material and energy prices  partly offset by price increases and the dilutive effect of revenue growth.2023 EBITDA amounted to €13.3m  up from €11.8m the previous year  with an EBITDA margin of 6.9% of revenues  an improvement of 40 basis points on 2022 (6.5%).The France cluster saw EBITDA increase by €1.1m. The year 2022 was severely impacted by the sudden sharp rise in raw material and energy costs  starting in the second quarter and mainly affecting the second half of the year. The improvement in EBITDA in 2023 is the result of price increases designed to cover rising input costs  the full-year effect of the restructuring of the Off-Trade sales department initiated in 2022 and disciplined management.Despite the price increases  International cluster EBITDA fell by €1.6m  mainly due to difficulties in the US market and in certain export markets  overshadowing the improvements observed in Spain  Lithuania  Bulgaria and Brazil.2023 net revenues by cluster(€m) 2022 LFL change Currencyimpact 2023LFL change(excl. currency impact) Change(incl.currency impact) FRANCE CLUSTER 81.3 2.1 - 83.3 2.5% 2.5% INTERNATIONAL CLUSTER 100.1 11.0 (0.2) 110.9 11.0% 10.8% TOTAL MBWS 181.4 13.1 (0.2) 194.2 7.2% 7.1%2023 EBITDA by cluster(€m) 2022 LFL change Currencyimpact 2023LFL change(excl. currency impact) Change(incl.currency impact) FRANCE CLUSTER 8.4 1.1 - 9.5 13.6% 13.6% INTERNATIONAL CLUSTER 9.5 (1.6) 0.0 7.8 -17.4% -17.9% HOLDING COMPANY (6.1) 2.0 - (4.0) 33.6% 33.6% TOTAL MBWS 11.8 1.5 0.0 13.3 12.8% 12.5%FRANCE CLUSTER:In France  revenues rose 2.5% versus 2022 amid a market slowdown. On-trade sales improved  despite a slight dip in the fourth quarter due to lower consumer demand.EBITDA for the cluster rose 13.6% to €9.5m in 2023.INTERNATIONAL CLUSTER:International revenues rose 11.0% versus 2022  with disparities between regions:- growth in Spain  Lithuania  Bulgaria and Brazil thanks to a strong performance from industrial services and the brands;- a downturn in export sales across all regions  the United States and Scandinavia:- in the United States  the decline in Sobieski and Gautier revenues is linked to a competitive and shrinking market  as well as the significant impact of the local distributor’s inventory rundown policy.EBITDA for the cluster fell 17.4% to €7.8m.Changes in International cluster revenues by entity were as follows:MBWS InternationalRevenues amounted to €15.6m in 2023  down 16.2% on 2022. In the Western European export markets  sales were down 3 6% and the strong performance by William Peel failed to offset the decline in Marie Brizard sales. In the Americas export region  sales were down 25.7%  impacted by a highly competitive vodka market and a continuing unfavourable trend in the cognac category. Finally  Asia Pacific sales fell 24.0% under the impact of the decline in Marie Brizard sales  particularly in the Australian and South Korean markets.MBWS EspañaRevenues amounted to €26.0m  up 23.2%. Growth was primarily driven by a significant increase in industrial subcontracting and continuing strong performances by a number of strategic international brands  notably William Peel in the cross-border market.MBWS ScandinaviaIn 2023  revenues in Denmark fell 10.7% to €3.0m as a result of market restructuring marked by consolidation agreements between certain players and a number of on-trade delistings.MBWS BalticsRevenues in Lithuania and its export zone amounted to €32.8m in 2023  up 24.4%  mainly driven by flagship regional brands  strategic international brands (mainly William Peel) and continued export growth driven by the Ukrainian market.MBWS BulgariaRevenues for Bulgaria and its export zone amounted to €22.2m  up 32.0%  driven by export markets and industrial subcontracting.Imperial BrandsIn the United States  full-year 2023 revenues were down 27.4% at €7.7 m  impacted in the case of Sobieski by a highly competitive vodka market coupled with the local distributor’s inventory rundown policy. This trend is also linked to sluggish local sales following changes in the routes to market in key States. Finally  Gautier sales were impacted by the sharp decline in the US cognac market  while Marie Brizard sales were stable.DubarIn Brazil  2023 revenues surged 21.5% to €3.6m  mainly driven by resilience among the region’s flagship brands and the continuation of a rigorous sales policy and proactive pricing policy.HOLDING COMPANYThe holding company posted an EBITDA loss of €4.0m for 2023 versus a €6.1m loss in 2022  an improvement reflecting continued reduction and control of internal costs as well as temporary positive exchange rate effects on operating performance.BALANCE SHEET AT 31 DECEMBER 2023Shareholders’ equity  Group share  was €203.3m at 31 December 2023  compared to €194.6m the previous year.Net cash amounted to €38.3m at 31 December 2023  compared to €40.9m the previous year. This reflects the improvement in the Group’s cash flow  which did not  however  offset higher capital expenditure  particularly in France and Lithuania  the payment of corporation tax and the reduction in trade payables (linked in particular to the normalisation of inventories which began in the second half of 2023). There was also an unfavourable timing effect on customer receipts in France at the end of 2023  with 31st December falling on a Sunday.OUTLOOKFor several years now  the Group has focused on creating the conditions for a profitable development of its brand portfolio and markets (subsidiaries and sales networks  direct export).In the wake of the health crisis and the subsequent disruption to markets  upstream industrial chains  supply shortages and drastic inflation from 2022 onwards  the Group has adopted a rigorous and proactive approach to negotiations  brand development and commercial operations with all its customers.It has thus demonstrated its ability to remain agile and resilient  by pursuing the following objectives:balance the necessary price increases against inflation in raw material and other production costs;maintain the value growth approach while pursuing business development wherever the brands allow (notably in France  Lithuania  Bulgaria  Western Europe and the main export markets).The year 2024 will see a continuous market normalisation  with a resumption of the fall in consumer volumes  combined with inventory rundowns by certain importer customers in a context of downward pressure on prices following the exceptional wave of inflation of the last two years.In 2024  the Group plans to pursue its strategy of focusing on value-creating activities  with an emphasis on:“good value for money” offers to protect its market share following price increases;implementing growth initiatives and projects  both organic and external  in its two clusters  in order to expand its trading base and improve financial performance;normalised investment in strategic inventories  in line with the needs identified by the Group;investments in productivity that could lead to the replacement of machinery  which would require production stoppages in the first half  without a major impact on full-year performance.Within a competitive environment that remains quite intense  the Group continually monitors the soundness of its sales policies  the effectiveness of its route to market  any necessary adjustments to its commercial offering and the pursuit of intra-Group synergies  in order to continue to strengthen its overall profitability.Financial calendar:Q1 2024 revenues: 25 April 2024General Meeting: 27 June 2024Investor and shareholder relations contactMBWS GroupEmilie Drexlerrelations.actionnaires@mbws.comTel.: +33 1 43 91 62 21 Press contactImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurent Poinsotcdoligez@image7.fr – lpoinsot@image7.frTel.: +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a wine and spirits group based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting their origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is committed to offering its customers bold and trusted brands full of flavour and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index.APPENDIX FY 2023 Consolidated Financial StatementsIncome statement(€000) 2023 2022 Revenues 236 029 227 121 Excise duties (41 800) (45 770) Net revenues excluding excise duties 194 229 181 351 Cost of goods sold (123 504) (110 420) External expenses (28 675) (27 599) Personnel expense (27 289) (27 134) Taxes and levies (1 304) (2 483) Depreciation and amortisation charges (6 031) (6 075) Other operating income 4 396 4 166 Other operating expenses (3 688) (4 735) Underlying operating profit 8 134 7 071 Non-recurring operating income 5 462 5 080 Non-recurring operating expenses (3 277) (10 269) Operating profit 10 319 1 882 Income from cash and cash equivalents 789 113 Gross cost of debt (246) (198) Net cost of debt 543 (85) Other financial income 582 1 064 Other financial expenses (467) (1 181) Net financial income/(expense) 658 (202) Profit before tax 10 977 1 680 Income tax (2 225) (2 605) Net profit from continuing operations 8 751 (925) Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations NET PROFIT 8 751 (925) Group share 8 732 (945) of which Net profit from continuing operations 8 732 (945) of which Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations Non-controlling interests 20 20 of which Net profit from continuing operations 20 20 of which Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations Earnings per share from continuing operations  Group share (€) €0.08 (€0.01) Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations  Group share (€) €0.08 (€0.01) Earnings per share  Group share (€) €0.08 (€0.01) Diluted earnings per share  Group share (€) €0.08 (€0.01) Weighted average number of shares outstanding 111 872 262 111 856 837 Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 111 872 262 111 856 837Balance sheetAssets (€000) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Non-current assets Goodwill 14 704 14 704 Intangible assets 76 137 77 847 Property  plant and equipment 31 206 26 932 Financial assets 965 1 146 Deferred tax assets 2 712 3 781 Total non-current assets 125 724 124 410 Current assets Inventory and work-in-progress 51 546 51 934 Trade receivables 40 999 43 523 Tax receivables 1 217 734 Other current assets 10 852 10 468 Current derivatives 83 114 Cash and cash equivalents 45 132 47 495 Assets held for sale Total current assets 149 829 154 268 TOTAL ASSETS 275 553 278 678 Equity & Liabilities (€000) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Shareholders’ equity Share capital 156 786 156 786 Additional paid-in capital 72 815 72 815 Consolidated and other reserves (26 332) (25 529) Translation reserves (8 746) (8 520) Consolidated net profit/(loss) 8 732 (945) Shareholders’ equity (Group share) 203 254 194 607 Non-controlling interests 94 333 Total shareholders’ equity 203 348 194 940 Non-current liabilities Employee benefits 1 497 1 769 Non-current provisions 3 738 2 540 Long-term borrowings – due in > 1 year 2 538 2 218 Other non-current liabilities 1 577 1 518 Deferred tax liabilities 145 139 Total non-current liabilities 9 495 8 184 Current liabilities Current provisions 3 633 5 417 Long-term borrowings – due in < 1 year 656 641 Short-term borrowings 3 615 3 702 Trade and other payables 34 094 36 694 Tax liabilities 416 1 932 Other current liabilities 20 241 26 899 Current derivatives 55 269 Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities 62 710 75 554 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 275 553 278 678Cash flow statement.(€000) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Total consolidated net profit 8 751 -925 Depreciation and provisions 1 265 6 562 Gains/(losses) on disposals and dilution (32) 49 Operating cash flow after net cost of debt and tax 9 984 5 686 Income tax charge/(income) 2 225 2 605 Net cost of debt (546) 89 Operating cash flow before net cost of debt and tax 11 664 8 380 Change in working capital 1 (inventories  trade receivables/payables) (213) -18 280 Change in working capital 2 (other items) (6 755) -3 366 Tax paid/received (3 072) 3 183 Cash flow from operating activities 1 624 -10 083 Purchase of PP&E and intangible assets (5 112) -3 202 Subsidies received 16 Increase in loans and advances granted (2) Decrease in loans and advances granted 202 1 632 Disposal of PP&E and intangible assets 99 2 872 Impact of change in consolidation scope (116) Cash flow from investment activities (4 913) 1 302 Capital increase 22 New borrowings 16 Borrowings repaid (725) -970 Net interest paid 677 -75 Net change in short-term debt (100) 1 283 Cash flow from financing activities (147) 276 Impact of exchange rate fluctuations 1 074 1 831 Change in cash and cash equivalents (2 362) -6 674 Opening cash and cash equivalents 47 495 54 169 Closing cash and cash equivalents 45 133 47 495 Change in cash and cash equivalents (2 362) -6 6741 EBITDA = EBIT + depreciation & amortisation + provisions excl. current assetsAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.3,0.2,True,English,"['Marie Brizard Wine', '2023 full-year earnings', 'Spirits', '2022 LFL change Currency impact', 'constant exchange rates', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'medium-term development plan', 'Simplified income statement', '2.7 percentage point decline', 'lower consumer demand', 'revenue variation figures', 'Industrial Services offerings', 'Flagship Local brands', 'Agencies Brands distribution', 'underlying operational profit', 'persistent market downturns', 'Off-Trade sales department', 'Gross margin ratio', 'rising input costs', 'Full-year positive effect', 'sudden sharp rise', 'major restructuring initiatives', 'full year basis', 'The France cluster', 'International cluster EBITDA', 'full-year effect', 'industrial equipment', 'major contribution', '40 basis points', 'dilutive effect', 'structural costs', 'energy costs', 'Net profit', 'operating profit', 'US market', 'earlier restructuring', 'net loss', 'consolidation scope', 'audit procedures', 'Fahd Khadraoui', 'many challenges', 'demanding environment', 'price increases', 'fundamental commitment', 'high-quality products', 'best prices', 'excise duties', 'continuing operations', 'discontinued operations', 'continuing surges', 'energy prices', 'revenue growth', 'second quarter', 'second half', 'disciplined management', 'HOLDING COMPANY', 'slight dip', 'fourth quarter', 'strong performan', 'market share', '2023 full-year earnings', '2023 financial year', 'first year', 'prior year', 'previous year', 'EBITDA margin', 'Group profitability', 'market slowdown', 'spirits market', 'consolidated earnings', 'dramatic inflation', 'Sustainable Growth', 'Net revenues', 'raw material', 'export markets', 'International revenues', 'Group share', 'TOTAL MBWS', '0.09 Earnings', '2023 EBITDA', 'Charenton-le-Pont', '17 April', 'EBITDA1', 'NB', 'Euronext', 'Board', 'Directors', '16 April', 'results', 'work', 'teams', 'Strategic', 'subsidiaries', 'investments', 'productivity', 'sustainability', 'visibility', 'benefits', 'episode', 'efforts', 'positioning', 'margins', 'consumers', 'FY', 'EPS', 'clusters', 'improvement', 'difficulties', 'Spain', 'Lithuania', 'Bulgaria', 'Brazil', 'disparities', 'regions']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39480,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2024/04/17/corre-hires-rothschild-to-advise-on-investment-interest-in-energy-storage-developer/,Corre hires Rothschild to advise on investment interest in energy storage developer,Renewable energy storage developer’s shares have lost almost 75% of their value over the past 12 months,Corre Energy has fielded investment interest from a number of parties and is working with Rothschild to assess various optionsCorre Energy  the Dublin-listed renewable energy storage developer  said it has hired investment bank Rothschild & Co to advise it on approaches it has had “from multiple parties” to invest in the company.“A process with these investors is ongoing to provide additional funding for capital expenditure for the various projects and working capital ” Corre said on Wednesday. “There is no certainty that any investment will be made nor on the size and structure of such an investment.”The company first disclosed that it had received investment interest from a number of parties on March 25th.Shares in Corre  which floated on Euronext Dublin in September 2021  rose 5.5 per cent to 85 cents in Dublin. However  they remain down 71 per cent over the past 12 months.READ MOREThis has been partly down to a slump across the wider green energy sector amid a decline in energy prices and the weight of higher interest rates on this capital-intensive sector.However  according to observers  it is also down to concerns about Corre having failed to sufficiently spell out the financial details of its various projects to allow investors assess their potential for profit.Corre’s most advanced development is its Zuidwending (ZW1) project in the province of Groningen in the Netherlands.ZW1 will be capable of supplying up to 320MW of electricity to the grid for of up to 3½ days and is due to come on stream around the end of 2026.Other key projects include Corre’s 320MW Green Hydrogen Hub project in Denmark  another facility in the Netherlands (ZW2) and a plan to develop three compressed air energy storage plants in caverns secured last year in Germany.Corre also  more recently  targeted the US market  signing a deal in Texas last July  giving it an option to buy a 280MW compressed air energy storage project.Shares in Corre were hit in late February – falling below its €1 initial public offering price for the first time – when founding director and big shareholder  Darren Patrick Green  stepped down as an executive director after a Singaporean company ultimately owned by him was named by UK tax authorities in relation to an alleged tax-avoidance scheme.Mr Green told The Irish Times that he was “absolutely astonished” by the news and had not been a director of – or been involved in the running of – that company for years. He said he remains committed to the 38 per cent stake he owns in Corre. But it is perceived by the market as an overhang.,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,negative,0.04,0.29,0.67,True,English,"['energy storage developer', 'investment interest', 'Corre', 'Rothschild', 'three compressed air energy storage plants', '280MW compressed air energy storage project', '320MW Green Hydrogen Hub project', 'renewable energy storage developer', '€1 initial public offering price', 'wider green energy sector', 'up to 320MW', 'Zuidwending (ZW1) project', 'Darren Patrick Green', 'up to 3½ days', 'UK tax authorities', 'The Irish Times', '38 per cent stake', 'higher interest rates', 'Other key projects', 'investment bank Rothschild', 'energy prices', 'Mr Green', 'capital-intensive sector', 'Corre Energy', 'various projects', 'investment interest', 'various options', 'additional funding', 'capital expenditure', 'working capital', 'March 25th', 'past 12 months', 'READ MORE', 'financial details', 'advanced development', 'late February', 'first time', 'big shareholder', 'tax-avoidance scheme', 'founding director', 'executive director', 'Euronext Dublin', 'US market', 'multiple parties', 'Singaporean company', 'number', 'Dublin-listed', 'approaches', 'process', 'investors', 'Wednesday', 'certainty', 'size', 'structure', 'Shares', 'September', '85 cents', 'slump', 'decline', 'weight', 'observers', 'concerns', 'potential', 'profit', 'province', 'Groningen', 'Netherlands', 'electricity', 'grid', 'stream', 'Denmark', 'facility', 'caverns', 'Germany', 'deal', 'Texas', 'relation', 'alleged', 'news', 'running', 'years', 'overhang']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,irishtimes.com
39481,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/17/2864811/0/en/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-as-at-31-March-2024.html,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value as at 31 March 2024,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – March 2024 monthly report      NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE...,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – March 2024 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  April 17th  2024AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for March 2024. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYVolta Finance continued to deliver strong returns with a performance for the month of March reaching +2.3% and bringing 2024 Q1 performance at +6.3%. For comparison  US High Yield returned +1.2% in March (+1.5% YtD)  European High Yield returned +0.4% (+1.6% YtD) and US CLO BB returned +2.6% (+6.4% YtD).Bond markets were rather volatile in March and saw a spurt in Yields during the first half of the month which was then partially offset as the Fed suggested that they may cut rates three times this year. In Europe  headline inflation read close to the ECB’s 2% target  still hinting for an ECB June cut. In the Loan markets  Euro Loans were down for a second consecutive month - the Morningstar European Leveraged Loan Index price moved from 96.80px to 96.65px in March total returns remained positive at +2.55% YtD due to the benefits of carry. On the US side  Loans reached 96.75px  their highest level since Q2 2022  YTD total returns stood at 1.6%.CLO primary markets were really busy both in the US with USD 35+bn of BSL issuance and Europe with EUR 7+bn of supply. Spreads remained range-bound on the senior side around +148bps for AAA risk – which gave visibility on the arbitrage and helped new CLO creation - while non-Investment Grade assets (BB-rating) remained in the +700bps context.In terms of fundamentals  the Morningstar LLI and ELLI 12-month rolling default rates landed at 1.1% and 1.7% respectively at the end of Q1 2024 on a principal amount basis: this is highlighting that  despite above average default rates expected by many market participants  the current soft landing economical scenario playing out in Europe and the US is enabling some weaker credits to tap the capital markets through amend-and-extend processes: for instance  Rohm  a chemical company  was able to extend from 2026 to 2029 its loans despite being rated Caa1 by Moody’s  offering a 500bps margin above Euribor and a €200m equity injection from the sponsor. At the opposite  some issuers are taking a more aggressive route: Altice France  which reported weak operational performance at the end of Q1 as well as some asset sales  communicated on its willingness to have ‘credit participation’ to achieve a deleveraging down to a new 4x debt-to-EBITDA target. It was then downgraded to CCC and a lender group was formed to engage negotiations with the company’s advisors. Altice France is owned by c.95% of the European CLO market and represents a 1.6% average holding (c.77% of US CLO and a 0.5% average holding). Looking at Volta’s underlying portfolio  it represents a 0.8% average underlying exposure. We can report that  given its diversified portfolio  Volta is not expected to suffer any diversion of cashflow as a result of Altice’s downgrade  everything else being equal: Volta’s underlying loan portfolio now has a c3.6% exposure to CCC in Europe (7.1% in the US).In terms of cashflow generation  Volta generated €27.1m equivalent of interests and coupons over the last 6 months on an annualized basis (21% of the March 2024 NAV).Through March  we took profits on two European CLO rated debt tranches that were trading above par and had a high probability of being called in the near future.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follow: +1.1% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +2.4% for CLO Equity tranches  +2.3% for CLO Debt tranches and flat for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS.As of end of March 2024  Volta’s NAV was €255.5m  i.e. €6.98 per share after deduction of the announced 0.14 dividend that will be paid in April. The end of March NAV also incorporates the benefit of the revised fee structure announced by Volta on February 28th.*It should be noted that approximately 5.4% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 0.32% as at 29 February 2024  4.83% as at 31 January 2024 and 0.25% as at 30 September 2023.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Olivier PonsOlivier.pons@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 87 30Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCavendish Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 600 professionals and €824 billion in assets under management as of the end of June 2023.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.38,0.48,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '31 March', 'Morningstar European Leveraged Loan Index price', 'current soft landing economical scenario', 'underlying sub asset classes monthly performances', 'ELLI 12-month rolling default rates', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'two European CLO rated', 'European High Yield', 'underlying loan portfolio', 'European CLO market', 'average default rates', 'new CLO creation', '€200m equity injection', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'revised fee structure', 'new 4x debt', 'CLO Equity tranches', '0.8% average underlying exposure', 'many market participants', 'CLO Debt tranches', 'CLO primary markets', 'ECB June cut', 'principal amount basis', 'US CLO BB', 'weak operational performance', 'second consecutive month', 'US High Yield', 'Investment Grade assets', 'March 2024 monthly report', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'YTD total returns', 'Morningstar LLI', 'Loan markets', 'underlying portfolio', 'asset sales', 'cross-currency rates', 'high probability', '1.6% average holding', '0.5% average holding', 'c3.6% exposure', 'full report', 'strong returns', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', 'Bond markets', 'capital markets', 'diversified portfolio', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'first half', 'headline inflation', 'highest level', 'BSL issuance', 'EUR 7+bn', 'senior side', 'AAA risk', '+700bps context', 'weaker credits', '500bps margin', 'aggressive route', 'lender group', '€27.1m equivalent', 'last 6 months', 'annualized basis', 'near future', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'residual cur', 'US side', 'Altice France', 'April 17th', 'EBITDA target', 'cashflow generation', 'February 28th', 'month-end date', 'period ends', 'NAV information', 'Euro Loans', 'chemical company', '2024 Q1 performance', 'March 2024 NAV', 'March NAV', '6% YtD', '2% target', '29 February', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'THE', 'Guernsey', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'comparison', 'spurt', 'Yields', 'Fed', 'benefits', 'carry', 'Q2', 'USD', 'supply', 'Spreads', 'visibility', 'arbitrage', 'BB-rating', 'terms', 'fundamentals', 'processes', 'instance', 'Rohm', 'Moody', 'Euribor', 'sponsor', 'opposite', 'issuers', 'willingness', 'deleveraging', 'CCC', 'negotiations', 'advisors', 'diversion', 'result', 'downgrade', 'everything', 'interests', 'coupons', 'profits', 'ABS', 'share', 'deduction', '0.14 dividend', 'GAV', 'investments', 'policy', 'timely', '31 January', '30 September', 'Dietz-performance', 'bucket', 'account', 'payments', 'changes', '96']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,globenewswire.com
39482,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASML-HOLDING-N-V-12002973/news/ASML-reports-5-3-billion-total-net-sales-and-1-2-billion-net-income-in-Q1-2024-46451631/,ASML reports 5.3 billion total net sales and 1.2 billion net income in Q1 2024,(marketscreener.com) ASML reports €5.3 billion total net sales and €1.2 billion net income in Q1 20242024 outlook unchanged VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 17  2024 – Today  ASML Holding NV has published its 2024 first-quarter results. Q1 total net sales of…,"ASML reports €5.3 billion total net sales and €1.2 billion net income in Q1 20242024 outlook unchangedVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 17  2024 – Today  ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2024 first-quarter results.Q1 total net sales of €5.3 billion  gross margin of 51.0%  net income of €1.2 billionQuarterly net bookings in Q1 of €3.6 billion 2 of which €656 million is EUVof which €656 million is EUV ASML expects Q2 2024 total net sales between €5.7 billion and €6.2 billion  and a gross margin between 50% and 51%ASML expects 2024 total net sales to be similar to 2023(Figures in millions of euros unless otherwise indicated) Q4 2023 Q1 2024 Total net sales 7 237 5 290 ...of which Installed Base Management sales1 1 555 1 324 New lithography systems sold (units) 113 66 Used lithography systems sold (units) 11 4 Net bookings2 9 186 3 611 Gross profit 3 717 2 697 Gross margin (%) 51.4 51.0 Net income 2 048 1 224 EPS (basic; in euros) 5.21 3.11 End-quarter cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 7 010 5 406(1) Installed Base Management sales equals our net service and field option sales(2) Net bookings include all system sales orders and inflation-related adjustments  for which written authorizations have been accepted.Numbers have been rounded for readers' convenience. A complete summary of US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations is published on www.asml.comCEO statement and outlook""Our first-quarter total net sales came in at €5.3 billion  at the midpoint of our guidance  with a gross margin of 51.0% which is above guidance  primarily driven by product mix and one-offs.""We expect second-quarter total net sales between €5.7 billion and €6.2 billion with a gross margin between 50% and 51%. ASML expects R&D costs of around €1 070 million and SG&A costs of around €295 million. Our outlook for the full year 2024 is unchanged  with the second half of the year expected to be stronger than the first half  in line with the industry's continued recovery from the downturn. We see 2024 as a transition year with continued investments in both capacity ramp and technology  to be ready for the turn in the cycle "" said ASML President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink.Update dividend and share buyback programASML intends to declare a total dividend for the year 2023 of €6.10 per ordinary share  which is a 5.2% increase compared to 2022. Recognizing the three interim dividends of €1.45 per ordinary share paid in 2023 and 2024  this leads to a final dividend proposal to the Annual General Meeting of €1.75 per ordinary share.In the first quarter  we purchased around €400 million worth of shares under the current 2022-2025 share buyback program.Details of the share buyback program as well as transactions pursuant thereto  and details of the dividend are published on ASML's website (www.asml.com/investors).Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771Quarterly video interview and investor callWith this press release  ASML has published a video interview in which CFO Roger Dassen discusses the 2024 first-quarter results and outlook for 2024. This video and the transcript can be viewed on www.asml.com.An investor call for both investors and the media will be hosted by CEO Peter Wennink  CFO Roger Dassen and incoming CEO Christophe Fouquet on April 17  2024 at 15:00 Central European Time / 09:00 US Eastern Time. Details can be found on our website.About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across EMEA  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 42 700 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.US GAAP Financial ReportingASML's primary accounting standard for quarterly earnings releases and annual reports is US GAAP  the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Quarterly US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and Consolidated Balance Sheets are available on www.asml.com.The Consolidated Balance Sheets of ASML Holding N.V. as of March 31  2024  the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the quarter and three months ended March 31  2024 as presented in this press release are unaudited.Regulated informationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Forward Looking StatementsThis document and related discussions contain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to plans  strategies  expected trends  including trends in the semiconductor industry and end markets and business environment trends  including expected demand  lithography tool utilization  semiconductor inventory levels  bookings and order coverage at certain bookings levels  expected recovery in the semiconductor industry and expected turn in the cycle and expected timing thereof  plans to increase capacity  outlook and expected financial results  including expected results for Q2 2024  including net sales  IBM sales  gross margin  R&D costs  SG&A costs  expected results for full year 2024  including expectations with respect to revenue and gross margin and estimated annualized effective tax rate  expectations with respect to sales by market segment  EUV  DUV and IBM sales and margins and expected drivers thereof  and other full year 2024 expectations  expectations with respect to expected financial performance in 2025 and expected drivers thereof  statements made at our 2022 Investor Day  including revenue and gross margin opportunity for 2025 and 2030  statements with respect to export control policy and regulations and expected impact on us  our expectation to return significant amounts of cash to shareholders through growing dividends and share buybacks  including the amount of shares intended to be repurchased under our share repurchase program and statements with respect to dividends  statements with respect to expected performance and capabilities of our systems and customer plans and other non-historical statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”  “will”  “could”  “should”  “project”  “believe”  “anticipate”  “expect”  “plan”  “estimate”  “forecast”  “potential”  “intend”  “continue”  “target”  “future”  “progress”  “goal”  “opportunity” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts  but rather are based on current expectations  estimates  assumptions and projections about our business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve a number of substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  customer demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity  worldwide demand for semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing capacity  lithography tool utilization and semiconductor inventory levels  general trends and consumer confidence in the semiconductor industry  the impact of general economic conditions  including the impact of the current macroeconomic uncertainty on the semiconductor industry  the impact of inflation  interest rates  geopolitical developments  the impact of pandemics  the performance of our systems  the success of technology advances and the pace of new product development and customer acceptance of and demand for new products  our production capacity and ability to adjust capacity to meet demand  supply chain capacity  constraints and logistics  timely availability of parts and components  raw materials  critical manufacturing equipment and qualified employees  constraints on our ability to produce systems to meet demand  the number and timing of systems ordered  shipped and recognized in revenue  risks relating to fluctuations in net bookings  the risk of order cancellation or push outs and restrictions on shipments of ordered systems under export controls  risks relating to the trade environment  import/export and national security regulations and orders and their impact on us  including the impact of changes in export regulations and the impact of such regulations on our ability to obtain necessary licenses and to sell our systems and services to certain customers  changes in exchange and tax rates  available liquidity and liquidity requirements  our ability to refinance our indebtedness  available cash and distributable reserves for  and other factors impacting  dividend payments and share repurchases  the number of shares that we repurchase under our share repurchase programs  our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights and the outcome of intellectual property disputes and litigation  our ability to meet ESG goals and execute our ESG strategy  other factors that may impact ASML’s business or financial results  and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and other filings with and submissions to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations  except as required by law.Attachments",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['3\xa0billion total net sales', '1.2\xa0billion net income', 'ASML', 'Q1', 'Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink', 'current 2022-2025 share buyback program', 'Quarterly US GAAP Consolidated Statements', 'US GAAP Financial Reporting', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'The Consolidated Balance Sheets', 'Q2 2024 total net sales', 'second-quarter total net sales', '€5.3 billion total net sales', 'ASML Holding N.V.', 'first-quarter total net sales', 'Q1 total net sales', 'CEO Peter Wennink', 'Base Management sales', 'field option sales', 'system sales orders', 'quarterly earnings releases', 'related Consolidated Statements', '00 US Eastern Time', 'Quarterly net bookings', 'Used lithography systems', 'R&D costs', 'SG&A costs', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'CFO Roger Dassen', '15:00 Central European Time', '€1.2 billion net income', '24 New lithography systems', 'three interim dividends', 'Annual General Meeting', 'primary accounting standard', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'final dividend proposal', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Quarterly video interview', 'ASML Holding NV', 'total dividend', 'Peter Cheang', '4 Net bookings2', 'net service', 'ordinary share', '2024 first-quarter results', 'new limits', 'annual reports', 'accounting principles', 'three months', 'CEO statement', 'investor call', 'incoming CEO', 'gross margin', 'Gross profit', 'End-quarter cash', 'cash equivalents', 'short-term investments', 'inflation-related adjustments', 'written authorizations', ""readers' convenience"", 'complete summary', 'product mix', 'second half', 'first half', 'continued investments', 'capacity ramp', 'Update dividend', '€400 million worth', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'press release', 'Christophe Fouquet', 'leading supplier', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'United States', 'Cash Flows', 'full year', 'transition year', 'first quarter', 'semiconductor industry', 'multinational company', 'ASML President', 'groundbreaking technology', 'EUV ASML', '2024 outlook', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Figures', 'millions', 'euros', 'Q4', 'units', '24 EPS', 'Numbers', 'Operations', 'midpoint', 'guidance', 'one-offs', 'line', 'recovery', 'downturn', 'cycle', '5.2% increase', 'shares', 'Details', 'transactions', 'website', 'investors', 'transcript', 'April', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'EMEA', 'Asia', '42,700 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'America', 'March', '09']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39483,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORPEA-4799/news/EMEIS-PURSUES-ITS-REFOUNDATION-2023-Consolidated-Financial-Results-of-ORPEA-S-A-46451972/,EMEIS PURSUES ITS REFOUNDATION: 2023 Consolidated Financial Results of ORPEA S.A.,(marketscreener.com) Significant improvement in non-financial indicators  with major advances for employees  residents and patientsHealth and safety: decline in the work-related accident frequency rate  at 24.8 in 2023 2023 satisfaction rate at 92.4%…,"Significant improvement in non-financial indicators  with major advances for employees  residents and patientsHealth and safety: decline in the work-related accident frequency rate  at 24.8 in 2023 (down 2 points vs. 2022 and down 8 points vs. 2021)2023 satisfaction rate at 92.4% (90.1% in 2022)Medical and care ethics: 72% of facilities now have a trained ethics and positive treatment correspondent  vs. 45% in 2022In a context of sustained revenue growth (+11%)  the Group’s 2023 financial performance was affected by an inflationary context and a lower-than-expected occupancy rate for nursing homes in France:2023 Operating loss includes € (903)m of non-recurring itemsNet income for 2023  of €1 355 million  includes an extraordinary financial income of €2 850 million resulting from the equitization of debt implemented as part of the financial restructuringDriven by a steady increase in the Group's average occupancy rate in the second half of 2023 (up 1.1 points versus first-half 2023  reflecting growth in international activity and in nursing homes in France)  the EBITDAR margin improved in the second half of the year (H1 = 13.2%; H2 = 13.6%)New 2024 EBITDAR forecast: between €800 million and €835 million (up 15% to 20% vs. 2023)Versus the €891 million forecast announced on November 6 th   2023  2023 Adjustment mainly due to revised operating assumptions in FrancePrecautionary measures implemented to offset the impact on cashImplementation of a transformation program (CREATE) with a positive impact on EBITDAR between €35 million to €40 million in 2024Guillaume Pepy  Chairman of the Board of Directors of emeis  commented: ""The new Board of Directors – reflecting the new ownership structure – would like to congratulate Laurent Guillot and his teams on the progress made by the Company in 2023 in enhancing the well-being of patients  residents and their relatives thanks to the unwavering commitment of employees. The Board commends them and reiterates its confidence in their ability to continue to step up the pace of the Group's transformation in an uncertain economic climate and amid a very challenging healthcare and nursing sector.”Laurent Guillot  Chief Executive Officer of emeis  said: “In 2023  we carried out a financial restructuring on an unprecedented scale  which has now been completed. The arrival of our new shareholders – Caisse des Dépôts  CNP Assurances  MAIF and MACSF – is enabling us to step up the pace of our transformation. At the same time  the Group pressed ahead with the operational implementation of its Refoundation Plan and has made significant progress.The effects of these initiatives for employees  residents and patients are already evident:a decline in the work-related accident frequency rate to 24.8 in 2023 (down 2 points vs. 2022 and down 8 points vs. 2021);72% of facilities now have a trained ethics and positive treatment correspondent  vs. 45% in 2022;a satisfaction rate of 92.5% (vs. 90.1% in 2022).The significant improvements in our non-financial indicators underline the acceleration of our Group's transformation.These measures are being put into practice as part of the ""CREATE"" programme  which is structured around the Group’s strategic priorities: our teams  patients  residents  and their relatives.This programme comprises 48 cross-cutting projects co-constructed with the host countries and business lines  and comprises actions designed to give a major boost to operating performance. The initiatives include the segmentation of our offering and the overhaul of purchasing processes which  together with the whole program  are intended to have a positive €35 million to €40 million impact on EBITDAR in 2024.In 2023  the operating performance continued to be affected by the inflationary context and the Group's transformation efforts. However  the sequential growth in the operating margin rate observed between the first and second halves of 2023 is evidence of the Group's positive momentum. The improvement in operating performance is set to continue into 2024  with EBITDAR expected to grow by between 15% and 20%.Another key step in the Refoundation Plan has been the unveiling on 20 March of our new identity  emeis  and our corporate purpose: ""Together  let’s stand as a strength for the vulnerable among us"". This new identity embodies an ambitious corporate project to provide personalised care and support for all vulnerable people and represents the ambition of a Group that is transforming itself to better support the major societal challenges of mental and physical health  and old age. Building on these strengths  the Group is looking to the future with confidence and determination and is embarking on a transition to a mission-led business model by 2025  an initiative which will be put to the vote at the Annual General Meeting.”Regulatory News:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240416317006/en/ORPEA (Paris:ORP) :ORPEA SA publishes its consolidated results for the year ended 31 December 20231  which were adopted by the Board of Directors on 16 April 2024.Revenue saw sustained growth in 2023 (+11% vs. 2022  of which 9.5% organic growth)  driven by an overall improvement in the occupancy rate and the opening of 31 new facilities.Operating profitability continued to be affected by the newly implemented care and support measures  persistently high inflation in 2023 which could not be passed on through pricing changes  and an occupancy rate in French nursing homes that remains below its normative level (despite improving slightly by 1.2 points in the second half of 2023 compared with the first six months of the year). EBITDAR came out at €696 million over the year.Attributable net profit for 2023 amounted to €1 355 million  including an extraordinary financial income of €2 850 million from the Equitization Capital Increase finalised on December 3rd  2023  and a €830 million charge arising from impairment tests on property  plant and equipment and intangible assets in accordance with IAS 36. These two items have no impact on the Company's cash position.1- Refoundation Plan facilitating progress  and a new identity and corporate purposeIn 2023  the Company pressed ahead with the Refoundation Plan  which is structured around actions resolutely focused on employees and residents  achieving a number of significant results2  including:in terms of health and safety at work  the work-related accident frequency rate fell 8 points in 2023 compared with 2021;the stability of our teams improved  with an increase of 3 percentage points in the proportion of staff on fixed-term contracts and a reduction of 3 percentage points in the rate of staff turnover in France compared with 2022. To make further progress  the Company has set a Group-wide reduction target of 5 percentage points by 2025 of the rate of turnover (average Group level in 2023: 29.3%);emeis forged constructive labour relations with renewed employee representative bodies  based on progressive values that are more in touch with events on the ground and with employees' expectations;forged constructive labour relations with renewed employee representative bodies  based on progressive values that are more in touch with events on the ground and with employees' expectations; 84% of countries have implemented tools to improve outreach with families;72% of facilities now have a trained ethics and positive treatment correspondent;satisfaction indicators are at levels that reflect the ongoing commitment of the teams and the additional resources allocated from 2022 to improve the quality of care and support (satisfaction rate in 2023: 92.5%).All these actions and the corresponding outcomes result from the Company's transformation project launched in 2022. They will be consolidated in the coming months by both the transformation program “CREATE” (standing for its key principes : “Commitment  Respect  Empowerment  Accountability  Trust  Excellence”) and a CSR roadmap defined with the teams  aimed at structuring  and transforming the Company in the long term  while strengthening the many assets it has developed over the course of its 30-year history  namely the commitment of its teams  its medical expertise  its drive for innovation and portfolio of complementary activities.On 20 March  as part of the ongoing Refoundation Plan  the Company adopted a new identity  emeis  and a new corporate purpose: ""Together  let’s stand as a strength for the vulnerable among us"". The new corporate name and purpose are the result of extensive consultation with employees. They demonstrate the commitment of our teams to a purpose that will enable us and our stakeholders – patients  residents  family and friends  healthcare professionals  regulators and public authorities – to respond even more effectively to the major challenges facing society in terms of mental and physical health  and old age.In order to anchor this change of identity as a marker for sustainable transformation  the corporate purpose will be enshrined in the Company's Articles of Association  subject to a positive vote at the Annual General Meeting. The emeis Group will then embark on the process of becoming a mission-led company by 2025.This Refoundation Plan could not be implemented without the success of the financial restructuring plan  which has ensured the Company's long-term viability and has been accompanied by the acquisition of 50.2% of the Company's share capital by new reference shareholders (Caisse des Dépôts  CNP Assurances  MAIF and MACSF3).2- Analysis of the 2023 full-year consolidated income statementAs part of the publication of its 2023 annual results  the Group refers to financial indicators taken from its consolidated financial statements  as well as to alternative performance measures  which are presented in detail in the appendices to this press release. Definitions and calculation methods for these indicators are presented on page 10  13 and 14 of this press release.ORPEA SA’s consolidated revenue came to €5 198 million in 2023  up 11.0% compared with 2022  including organic growth of 9.5%. This performance was driven by an increase in Group occupancy rates (up 1.5 percentage points to 83.1% on average in 2023 and up 1.1 percentage points in the second half compared with the first half; the average occupancy rate for nursing homes in France was up 1.2 percentage points in the second half of 2023 compared with the first half)  with the exception of nursing homes in France (average occupancy rate in 2023: 83.6%  vs. 85.6% in 2022). It is also attributable to an increase in capacity over the year  both as a result of the opening of 31 additional facilities and the inclusion of new facilities in the scope of consolidation  bringing the total network to 1 031 facilities at the end of December 2023 (corresponding to 93 470 beds).Operating profitability continued to be affected by the newly implemented care and support measures  persistently high inflation in 2023 that could not be passed on through pricing changes  and an occupancy rate in French nursing homes that remained below its normative level. EBITDAR came to €696 million over the year  compared with €780 million in 2022. The EBITDAR margin stood at 13.4%  with the margin for the second half up 0.4 percentage points on the first half.Recurring operating expense amounted to €16 million  compared with €49 million in 2022.The operating loss came to €919 million  after taking into account non-recurring items totalling €903 million  mainly comprising:Charges resulting from asset impairment tests in accordance with IAS 36 amounting to €830 million  including €438 million in respect of IFRS 16 right-of-use assets. For the impairment tests under IAS 36  in 2023 the Group adapted its method in order to move towards a post-IFRS 16 approach. It should be noted that impairment of right-of-use assets under IFRS 16 does not change the value of real estate assets held by the Company  but results in a reduction in the value of the corresponding right-of-use assets under IFRS 16  which are presented discretely in the balance sheet. Non-recurring expenses related to the management of the crisis  for €74 million. This amount includes financial restructuring costs not allocated to additional paid-in capital.Reported profit before tax came to €1 400 million  after taking into account net financial income of €2 319 million.This includes an extraordinary financial income (with no cash and no tax impact) of +€2 850 million relating to the conversion of ORPEA S.A.'s unsecured debt for 3.8 billion euros  implemented as part of the financial restructuring.Attributable net profit for the year came out at €1 355 million.3- Valuation of the real estate portfolioAs of December 31st  2023  the estimated value of the real estate portfolio was €6.3 billion. This amount includes €5.3 billion in assets valued by the independent appraisers4  covering a total of 414 sites  most of which are located in France. The appraisals were based on an average real estate asset yield of 5.6%  versus 5.1% at end-2022  reflecting current conditions in the healthcare real estate market.4- Main consolidated balance sheet  debt and liquidity indicatorsThe value of right-of-use assets recognised under IFRS 16 decreased from €3.5 billion at end-2022 to €3.1 billion at 31 December 2023  mainly attributable to write-off further to impairment tests conducted in accordance with the IAS 36. As the right-of-use assets relate to leased buildings  these write-offs had no impact on the value of the real estate portfolio held by the Company.Consolidated equity is amounting to +€1.9 billion as of December 31st  2023  compared to a € (1.5) billion one year earlier. This recapitalization of shareholders' equity results from the two capital increases carried out in 2023 and the extraordinary financial income (with no cash and no tax impact) of €2 850 million recorded as part of the company's financial restructuring.Financial net debt (excluding IFRS 16 lease liabilities) on December 31st  2023  amounted to €4.6 billion  compared to €8.8 billion one year earlier. This very sharp reduction in debt is attributable to the financial restructuring plan  which led to:the conversion into capital of €3.8 billion of ORPEA SA's unsecured debt following the Equitisation Capital Increase  the settlement-delivery of which took place on 3 December 2023  which resulted in the recognition of exceptional financial income of €2 850 million;a cash contribution following the Groupement5 Capital Increase of €1.2 billion  the settlement-delivery of which took place on 19 December 2023.Following these two transactions  the company repaid €700 million in debt  corresponding to the repayment of D1A  D1B  D2 and A4 loans.Based on pre-IFRS 16 2023 EBITDA of €204 million  the Group's financial leverage6 came out at 22.8x.The third capital increase of €390 million under the financial restructuring plan was completed on 15 February 2024.Cash and cash equivalents at the end of 2023 amounts to €645 million. The Group had an undrawn line of credit of €400 million as of December 31st  2023.5- 2023 Financing Table (pre-IFRS 16)Net recurring operating cash flow represented an outflow of €87 million  after deducting maintenance and IT investments of €141 million and other recurring operating cash flows (including changes in working capital) representing an outflow of €149 million. This includes the impact of the decision to grant employees more favourable salary settlement periods  representing an outflow of approximately €60 million.Net cash flow before financing amounted to €746 million  breaking down as:€315 million in development capital expenditure  mainly in real estate (greenfield projects). The decrease of €323 million in this item versus 2022 reflects the precautionary measures taken during the year (deferrals and curtailments) designed to preserve the Group's liquidity;€146 million in proceeds from real estate disposals in 2023 (mainly in the Netherlands  Austria and Germany) bringing total proceeds from real estate disposals over the 2022-2023 period to around €300 million  in line with the trajectory set out in the June 2022 financing plan 7 . As a reminder  the Company has a contractual commitment to complete a total of €1.25 billion in real estate disposals 8 by the end of 2025;. As a reminder  the Company has a contractual commitment to complete a total of €1.25 billion in real estate disposals by the end of 2025; €338 million in debt servicing costs  mainly related to the €3.2 billion in financing arranged in June 2022 with the Group's main banking partners;€145 million in non-recurring items  including expenses related to the management of the crisis experienced by the Group  including outflows relating to financial restructuring.For 2023  cash flow from operating activities restated for the positive impact of IFRS 16 represented a net cash outflow of €81 million  including €145 million in non-recurring items. Cash used in investing activities net of disposal proceeds was €318 million.6- Reforecast of 2024 and procedures launched on the 2025-2026 forecastsThe Group has finalised the reforecast of its 2024 financial performance. The Company now anticipates 2024 EBITDAR of between €800 million and €835 million  corresponding to a growth between 15% and 20% compared to 2023. The reforecasting exercise incorporates the most reasonable assumptions and estimates to date  including a Group average occupancy rate of 85.1% in the first-quarter 2024  including 83.1% for nursing homes in France.The main adjustment on the reforecast 2024 is related to France operations  due to a less level of operational recovery than initially anticipated.The Group has taken precautionary measures with regards to capital expenditures in order to offset the decrease expected in EBITDAR on the Group cash trajectory. The company also remains fully committed to its real estate disposal plan and is looking at every opportunity to accelerate the process.This new forecast compares with the 2024 EBITDAR forecast of €891 million included in the documentation relating to the recent capital increases9.The Group plans to begin internal work on updating its multi-year business plan in the coming months. At the end of this process  which is expected to be completed by the end of the fourth quarter of 2024  the Company will disclose  in accordance with applicable regulations  any changes in the trajectory set out in the business plan in the documentation relating to the recent capital increases  in particular concerning the Group’s financial leverage10 (as a reminder  the financial leverage included in the business plan underlying the capital increases was 5.5x by 2026).7- Financial information and agendaA web conference will be held by Laurent Guillot (Chief Executive Officer) and Laurent Lemaire (Chief Financial Officer) to present the Group’s 2023 results  today at 8:30 a.m (CEST). The presentation along with a recording of the web conference will be made available on the Company's website (link).It is also possible to take part in this web conference by telephone. Login details are as follows:France : +33 (0) 1 7037 7166UK: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200USA: +1 786 697 3501Then tell the operator that you are calling for the conference ORPEA ENGThe Company expects to publish its revenue for the first quarter of 2024 on May 14th  2024.DISCLAIMERThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including information incorporated by reference  regarding the Group’s expected growth and profitability in the future that may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to factors that the Company cannot control or accurately estimate  such as future market conditions. Any forward-looking statements made in this document express expectations for the future and should be regarded as such. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks or uncertainties  as described in Chapter 2 of the Company's 2022 Universal Registration Document  which is available on the Company's website and on the website of the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) (www.amf-france.org).About emeisWith 76 000 experts and professionals in healthcare  care  and supporting the most vulnerable among us  emeis operates in 21 countries with five core activities: psychiatric hospitals  medical care and rehabilitation clinics  nursing homes  home care services  and assisted-living facilities.Every year  emeis welcomes 267 000 residents  patients  and other beneficiaries. emeis is committed and is taking action to rise to a major challenge facing our society  i.e.  the increase in the number of people placed in vulnerable positions as a result of accidents or old age  and of cases of mental illness.ORPEA SA  the Group's parent company  is 50.2% owned by Caisse des Dépôts  CNP Assurances  MAIF  and MACSF Epargne Retraite. It is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (ISIN: FR001400NLM4) and is a member of the SBF 120 and CAC Mid 60 indices.Website: www.emeis-group.com_______________________________________ 1 Audit procedures are still on-going. 2 Data being reviewed by an independent third party as part of the preparation of the 2023 Non-Financial Statement (NFS). 3 Acting in concert. 4 Independent appraisers: JLL  C&W and CBRE. 5 Refers to the group of long-term investors led by Caisse des Dépôts  together with CNP Assurances  MAIF and MACSF Epargne Retraite. 6 Net debt excl. IFRS 16/pre-IFRS 16 EBITDA. 7 As amended in May 2023 under the accelerated safeguard procedure. 8 Amount received net of selling costs and before repayment of associated debt. 9 First amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document  dated 10 November 2023 (section 5.5.2. “Forecast for 2024  2025 and 2026”). 10 Net debt excl. IFRS 16 lease liabilities/pre-IFRS 16 EBITDA.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240416317006/en/",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.36,0.14,True,English,"['EMEIS PURSUES ITS REFOUNDATION', '2023 Consolidated Financial Results', 'ORPEA S.A.', 'Caisse des Dépôts', 'work-related accident frequency rate', 'expected occupancy rate', 'average occupancy rate', 'uncertain economic climate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'ambitious corporate project', 'mission-led business model', 'new ownership structure', 'major societal challenges', 'positive treatment correspondent', 'sustained revenue growth', 'extraordinary financial income', 'operating margin rate', 'New 2024 EBITDAR forecast', '2023 satisfaction rate', 'Net income', '€891 million forecast', 'business lines', 'corporate purpose', 'major advances', 'new shareholders', 'major boost', 'new identity', 'financial indicators', '2023 financial performance', 'financial restructuring', 'positive momentum', '2023 Operating loss', 'operating assumptions', 'operating performance', 'EBITDAR margin', 'nursing homes', 'recurring items', 'steady increase', 'second half', 'international activity', 'Guillaume Pepy', 'new Board', 'Laurent Guillot', 'unwavering commitment', 'challenging healthcare', 'nursing sector', 'unprecedented scale', 'CNP Assurances', 'same time', 'Refoundation Plan', 'significant improvements', 'strategic priorities', '48 cross-cutting projects', 'host countries', 'purchasing processes', 'sequential growth', 'second halves', 'key step', 'personalised care', 'vulnerable people', 'old age', 'press release', 'full release', 'consolidated results', 'positive impact', 'inflationary context', 'The Board', '€40 million impact', 'Precautionary measures', 'operational implementation', 'significant progress', 'physical health', 'Regulatory News', 'ORPEA SA', 'transformation efforts', 'care ethics', 'CREATE"" programme', 'transformation program', 'positive €', 'employees', 'residents', 'patients', 'safety', 'decline', '2 points', 'Medical', 'facilities', 'Group', 'lower', 'France', 'non', 'equitization', 'debt', 'part', '1.1 points', 'first-half', 'year', 'H2', 'November', '2023 Adjustment', 'cash', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'emeis', 'teams', 'Company', 'well-being', 'relatives', 'confidence', 'ability', 'pace', 'arrival', 'MAIF', 'MACSF', 'effects', 'initiatives', 'acceleration', 'practice', 'actions', 'segmentation', 'offering', 'overhaul', 'evidence', 'unveiling', '20 March', 'strength', 'support', 'ambition', 'mental', 'future', 'determination', 'transition', 'vote', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Paris', '2022', '13.', '2021']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39484,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UCB-5963/news/UCB-FINTEPLA-fenfluramine-oral-solution-approved-in-Japan-for-adjunctive-treatment-of-seizure-46451675/,UCB : FINTEPLA▼ (fenfluramine) oral solution approved in Japan for adjunctive treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS),(marketscreener.com) may cause allergic reactions . It also contains sulfur dioxide which may rarely cause severe hypersensitivity reactions and bronchospasm. Patients with rare glucose-galactose malabsorption should not take this medicine. The product contai…,"Brussels  Belgium - 17 April 2024 - 7:00 AM CET- UCB's FINTEPLA®▼ (fenfluramine) oral solution has been approved by the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour  and Welfare (MHLW) for the treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) as an add-on therapy to other anti-epileptic medicines for patients two years of age and older.1The approval by the MHLW was based on safety and efficacy data from a global  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel-group randomized Phase 3 clinical trial (1601 Study Cohort A & B)  in 296 patients with LGS (aged 2-35 years)  including 33 in Japan. In the Japanese sub-population  adjunctive fenfluramine  at a dose of 0.7 mg/kg/day  provided a greater reduction in the frequency of drop seizures compared to placebo. The most common (≥10%) non-cardiovascular treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were decreased appetite  somnolence  weight decreased  diarrhea  and nasopharyngitis. No cases of valvular heart disease or pulmonary arterial hypertension were observed.2""We know that the unmet needs in Lennox-Gastaut syndrome are great  and we look forward to bringing this important treatment advancement to people and families impacted by this condition in Japan. We are working to ensure that all patients who need our treatments can access them  and this approval further demonstrates that commitment "" said Mike Davis  Head of Global Epilepsy & Rare Syndromes  UCB.""This approval is an important milestone for UCB  delivering on our mission to bring several innovative new medicines to people living with severe neurological and immunological diseases in Japan this year  ""said Kanako Kikuchi  Head of UCB Japan. ""We would like to thank our Japanese patients and families for participating in the clinical trials  enabling families and people impacted by Lennox-Gastaut to have this new treatment option.""Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) is a childhood-onset severe developmental and epileptic encephalopathy (DEE)  characterized by multiple types of drug-resistant seizures  and associated with high morbidity and profound effects on the quality of life (QoL) of patients and their families.3 4 Motor  cognitive  and behavioural abnormalities are lifelong  with serious intellectual disability worsening over time.5-9 Seizures leading to falls (""drop attacks/seizures"") are common in LGS and tonic seizures are a hallmark feature of this syndrome.3 4 Among the typical seizures associated with a drop  the generalized tonic-clonic seizures (GTCS) are commonly observed and usually occur in later stages of LGS but sometimes may precede core seizure types. In addition to being associated with bodily injury and hospitalizations  GTC seizures are a primary risk factor of sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP). Patients with epilepsy with GTC seizures have an approximately 10-fold greater risk for SUDEP than patients with other seizure types.2Fenfluramine is marketed in Japan by Nippon Shinyaku Co.  Ltd. based on the exclusive sales agreement signed in 2019 between Zogenix Inc.  (acquired by UCB in 2022) and Nippon Shinyaku Co.  Ltd. UCB is the Marketing Authorization holder.About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 9 000 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 5.3 billion in 2023. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCB_newsFor further information  contact UCB:Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14email antje.witte@ucb.comCorporate CommunicationsLaurent SchotsT +32.2.559.92.64email laurent.schots@ucb.comGlobal CommunicationsNick FrancisT +44 7769 307745email nick.francis@ucb.comImportant Safety Information about FINTEPLA▼ (fenfluramine) in the EU10Active Ingredient: Oral solution: 2.2 mg fenfluramine (as fenfluramine hydrochloride) per ml.Indications: Treatment of seizures associated with Dravet syndrome and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome as an add-on therapy to other anti-epileptic medicines for patients 2 years of age and older.Dosage and Administration: Please refer to SmPC for full information. Should be initiated and supervised by physicians with experience in the treatment of epilepsy. Fintepla is prescribed and dispensed according to the Fintepla controlled access programme. Dravet syndrome: Patients who are not taking stiripentol: Starting dose is 0.1 mg/kg twice daily (0.2 mg/kg/day). After 7 days  if tolerated  can increase dose to 0.2 mg/kg twice daily (0.4 mg/kg/day). After an additional 7 days  if tolerated and further seizure reduction required  can increase dose to a maximum of 0.35 mg/kg twice daily (0.7 mg/kg/day)  which is the recommended maintenance dose. Patients requiring more rapid titration may increase the dose every 4 days. Do not exceed maximum daily dose of 26 mg (13 mg twice daily). Patients who are taking stiripentol: Starting dose is 0.1 mg/kg twice daily (0.2 mg/kg/day). After 7 days  if tolerated  can increase dose to 0.2 mg/kg twice daily (0.4 mg/kg/day)  which is the recommended maintenance dose. Patients requiring more rapid titration may increase the dose every 4 days. Do not exceed a total dose of 17 mg (8.6 mg twice daily). Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: Starting dose is 0.1 mg/kg twice daily (0.2 mg/kg/day). After 7 days  the dose should be increased to 0.2 mg/kg twice daily (0.4 mg/kg/day)  if tolerated. After an additional 7 days  if tolerated  dose should be increased to 0.35 mg/kg twice daily (0.7 mg/kg/day)  which is the recommended maintenance dose. Do not exceed maximum daily dose of 26 mg (13 mg twice daily). Discontinuation: When discontinuing treatment  decrease the dose gradually. As with all anti-epileptic medicines  avoid abrupt discontinuation when possible to minimize the risk of increased seizure frequency and status epilepticus. A final echocardiogram should be conducted 3-6 months after the last dose of treatment with fenfluramine. Renal impairment: Generally  no dose adjustment is recommended when administered to patients with mild to severe renal impairment  however  a slower titration may be considered. If adverse reactions are reported  a dose reduction may be needed. Has not been studied in patients with end-stage renal disease. Not known if fenfluramine or its active metabolite  norfenfluramine  is dialyzable. Hepatic impairment: Hepatic impairment: Generally  no dose adjustment is recommended when Fintepla is administered without concomitant stiripentol to patients with mild and moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh Class A and B). In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C) not receiving concomitant stiripentol  the maximum dosage is 0.2mg/kg twice daily  and the maximal total daily dose is 17 mg. There are limited clinical data on the use of Fintepla with stiripentol in patients with mild impaired hepatic function. A slower titration may be considered in patients with hepatic impairment and a dose reduction may be needed if adverse reactions are reported. No clinical data is available on the use of Fintepla with stiripentol in moderate and severe hepatic impairment  therefore not recommended for use. Elderly: No data available. Paediatric population: Safety and efficacy in children below 2 years of age not yet established. No data available.Contraindications: Hypersensitivity to active substance or any excipients. Aortic or mitral valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension. Within 14 days of the administration of monoamine oxidase inhibitors due to an increased risk of serotonin syndrome.Warnings and Precautions: Aortic or mitral valvular heart disease and pulmonary arterial hypertension: Prior to starting treatment  patients must undergo an echocardiogram to establish a baseline and exclude any pre-existing valvular heart disease or pulmonary hypertension. Conduct echocardiogram monitoring every 6 months for the first 2 years and annually thereafter. If an echocardiogram indicates pathological valvular changes  consider follow-up earlier to evaluate whether the abnormality is persistent. If pathological abnormalities seen on echocardiogram  evaluate the benefit versus risk of continuing fenfluramine treatment with the prescriber  caregiver and cardiologist. Once treatment is discontinued for any reasons  a final echocardiogram should be conducted 3-6 months after the last dose of treatment with fenfluramine. If echocardiogram findings suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension  perform a repeat echocardiogram as soon as possible and within 3 months to confirm these findings. If echocardiogram finding is confirmed suggestive of an increased probability of pulmonary arterial hypertension defined as intermediate probability  conduct a benefit-risk evaluation of continuation of Fintepla by the prescriber  carer and cardiologist. If echocardiogram suggests a high probability  it is recommended fenfluramine treatment should be stopped. Decreased appetite and weight loss: Fenfluramine can cause decreased appetite and weight loss - an additive effect can occur in combination with other anti-epileptic medicines such as stiripentol. Monitor the patient's weight. Undertake risk-benefit evaluation before starting treatment if history of anorexia nervosa or bulimia nervosa. Fintepla controlled access programme: A controlled access programme has been created to 1) prevent off-label use in weight management in obese patients and 2) confirm that prescribing physicians have been informed of the need for periodic cardiac monitoring in patients taking Fintepla. Somnolence: Fenfluramine can cause somnolence which could be potentiated by other central nervous system depressants. Suicidal behaviour and ideation: Suicidal behaviour and ideation have been reported in patients treated with anti-epileptic medicines in several indications. Advise patients and caregivers to seek medical advice should any signs of suicidal behaviour and ideation emerge. Serotonin syndrome: Serotonin syndrome  a potentially life-threatening condition  may occur with fenfluramine treatment  particularly with concomitant use of other serotonergic agents; with agents that impair metabolism of serotonin such as MAOIs; or with antipsychotics that may affect the serotonergic neurotransmitter systems. Carefully observe the patient  particularly during treatment initiation and dose increases. Increased seizure frequency: A clinically relevant increase in seizure frequency may occur during treatment  which may require adjustment in the dose of fenfluramine and/or concomitant anti-epileptic medicines  or discontinuation of fenfluramine  should the benefit-risk be negative. Cyproheptadine: Cyproheptadine is a potent serotonin receptor antagonist and may therefore decrease the efficacy of fenfluramine. If cyproheptadine is added to treatment with fenfluramine  monitor patient for worsening of seizures. If fenfluramine treatment is initiated in a patient taking cyproheptadine  fenfluramine's efficacy may be reduced. Glaucoma: Fenfluramine can cause mydriasis and can precipitate angle closure glaucoma. Discontinue therapy in patients with acute decreases in visual acuity. Consider discontinuation if ocular pain of unknown origin. Effect of CYP1A2 or CYP2B6 inducers: Co-administration with strong CYP1A2 inducers or CYP2B6 inducers will decrease fenfluramine plasma concentrations  which may lower the efficacy of fenfluramine. If co-administration is considered necessary  the patient should be monitored for reduced efficacy and a dose increase of fenfluramine could be considered provided that it does not exceed twice the maximum daily dose (52 mg/day). If a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2B6 inducer is discontinued during maintenance treatment with fenfluramine  consider gradual reduction of the fenfluramine dosage to the dose administered prior to initiating the inducer. Effect of CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitors: Initiation of concomitant treatment with a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitor may result in higher exposure and  therefore  adverse events should be monitored  and a dose reduction may be needed in some patients. Excipients: Contains sodium ethyl para-hydroxybenzoate (E 215) and sodium methyl para-hydroxybenzoate (E 219) - may cause allergic reactions (possibly delayed). It also contains sulfur dioxide (E 220) which may rarely cause severe hypersensitivity reactions and bronchospasm. Patients with rare glucose-galactose malabsorption should not take this medicine. The product contains less than 1 mmol sodium (23 mg) per the maximum daily dose of 12 mL; essentially 'sodium-free'. Contains glucose - may be harmful to teeth. Interactions: Pharmacodynamic interactions with other CNS depressants increase the risk of aggravated central nervous system depression. An increase in dose may be necessary when coadministered with rifampicin or a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2B6 inducer. In in vitro studies co-administration with a strong CYP1A2 or CYP2D6 inhibitor may result in higher exposure (see section 4.4 of the SmPC). Co-administration with CYP2D6 substrates or MATE1 substrates may increase their plasma concentrations. Co-administration with CYP2B6 or CYP3A4 substrates may decrease their plasma concentrations. Pregnancy and lactation: Limited data in pregnant women. As a precaution  avoid use of Fintepla in pregnancy. It is unknown whether fenfluramine/metabolites are excreted in human milk. Animal data have shown excretion of fenfluramine/metabolites in milk. A decision must be made whether to discontinue breast-feeding or to discontinue/abstain from Fintepla taking into account the benefit of breast-feeding for the child and the benefit of therapy for the woman. Drive and use machines.: Fintepla has moderate influence on the ability to drive/ use machines as it may cause somnolence and fatigue. Advise patients not to drive or operate machinery until they have sufficient experience to gauge whether it adversely affects their abilities.Adverse effects: Dravet syndrome: Very common (≥1/10): Upper respiratory tract infection  decreased appetite  somnolence  diarrhoea  pyrexia  fatigue  blood glucose decreased  echocardiogram abnormal (Consisted of trace and mild mitral regurgitation  and trace aortic regurgitation  which are considered physiologic). Common (≥1/100 to <1/10): Bronchitis  abnormal behaviour  aggression  agitation  insomnia  mood swings  ataxia  hypotonia  lethargy  seizure  status epilepticus  tremor  constipation  salivary hypersecretion  weight decreased and blood prolactin increased. Not known (cannot be estimated from the available data): Pulmonary arterial hypertension. Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: Very common (≥1/10): Upper respiratory tract infection  decreased appetite  somnolence  diarrhoea  vomiting  fatigue. Common (≥1/100 to <1/10): Bronchitis  influenza  pneumonia  aggression  seizure  status epilepticus  lethargy  tremor  constipation  salivary hypersecretion  blood prolactin increased  weight decreased  fall. Refer to SmPC for other adverse reactions. Pharmaceutical Precautions: Use within 3 months of opening. Do not refrigerate or freeze. Package Quantities and Marketing Authorisation Number: Fintepla is presented in a white bottle with oral syringes included which should be used to administer the prescribed dose. Bottle sizes of 60 mL  120 mL  250mL and 360 mL. EU/1/20/1491/001  EU/1/20/1491/002  EU/1/20/1491/003 and EU/1/20/1491/004. Legal Category: POM. Marketing Authorisation Holder: UCB Pharma S.A. Allée de la Recherche 60  B-1070 Bruxelles  Belgium. Date of revision: 27 March 2024.▼This medicinal product is subject to additional monitoring. This will allow quick identification of new safety information. Healthcare professionals are asked to report any suspected adverse reactions.FINTEPLA® is a registered trademark of the UCB Group of Companies.Refer to the European Summary of Product Characteristics for further safety information and full prescribing information.https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/product-information/fintepla-epar-product-information_en.pdfForward looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  will progress to product approval or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products  which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to differences disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release. UCB expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.References:",neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['fenfluramine) oral solution', 'adjunctive treatment', 'Lennox-Gastaut syndrome', 'UCB', 'FINTEPLA▼', 'Japan', 'seizures', 'LGS', 'global, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group randomized Phase 3 clinical trial', 'non-cardiovascular treatment-emergent adverse events', 'Fintepla controlled access programme', 'several innovative new medicines', 'other anti-epileptic medicines', '01 Study Cohort A', 'valvular heart disease', 'pulmonary arterial hypertension', 'serious intellectual disability', 'primary risk factor', 'sudden unexpected death', 'Nippon Shinyaku Co.', 'exclusive sales agreement', 'Marketing Authorization holder', 'global biopharmaceutical company', '10-fold greater risk', 'central nervous system', 'childhood-onset severe developmental', 'core seizure types', 'other seizure types', 'new treatment option', 'generalized tonic-clonic seizures', 'important treatment advancement', 'clinical trials', 'fenfluramine) oral solution', 'Important Safety Information', 'maximum daily dose', 'innovative medicines', 'Global Communications', 'Global Epilepsy', 'important milestone', 'multiple types', 'seizure reduction', 'greater reduction', 'immune system', 'severe neurological', 'severe diseases', '7:00 AM CET', 'Japanese Ministry', 'efficacy data', 'Japanese sub-population', 'unmet needs', 'Mike Davis', 'Rare Syndromes', 'immunological diseases', 'Kanako Kikuchi', 'epileptic encephalopathy', 'high morbidity', 'profound effects', 'behavioural abnormalities', 'hallmark feature', 'later stages', 'bodily injury', 'Zogenix Inc.', 'Investor Relations', 'Antje Witte', 'Corporate Communications', 'Active Ingredient', 'full information', 'rapid titration', 'Dravet syndrome', 'adjunctive fenfluramine', 'fenfluramine hydrochloride', 'drug-resistant seizures', 'tonic seizures', 'typical seizures', 'GTC seizures', 'two years', '2-35 years', 'drop attacks', 'email antje', 'email laurent', 'Lennox-Gastaut syndrome', 'Starting dose', 'maintenance dose', 'Laurent Schots', 'Nick Francis', 'additional 7 days', 'drop seizures', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Japanese patients', '2.2 mg fenfluramine', 'UCB Japan', 'FINTEPLA®▼', 'FINTEPLA▼', '2 years', '0.7 mg', '0.2 mg', '0.35 mg', '26 mg', '296 patients', 'UCB.', 'Belgium', '17 April', 'Health', 'Labour', 'Welfare', 'MHLW', 'LGS', 'therapy', 'approval', 'frequency', 'TEAEs', 'appetite', 'somnolence', 'diarrhea', 'nasopharyngitis', 'cases', 'people', 'families', 'condition', 'treatments', 'commitment', 'Head', 'mission', 'DEE', 'quality', 'life', 'QoL', 'time', 'falls', 'GTCS', 'hospitalizations', 'SUDEP', 'discovery', 'solutions', 'lives', '40 countries', 'revenue', 'symbol', 'Twitter', 'UCB_news', 'EU10', 'ml', 'Indications', 'Dosage', 'Administration', 'SmPC', 'physicians', 'experience', 'stiripentol']",2024-04-17,2024-04-18,marketscreener.com
39485,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.asiaone.com/business/vantiva-launches-homesighttm-care-suite-solution-home-care-market-initial-deployment,Vantiva Launches the HomeSight™ Care Suite Solution for the Home Care Market with Initial Deployment by Homewatch CareGivers in the USA,Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader in home connectivity  today unveils its innovative HomeSight Care Suite  a sophisticated connected care system designed to meet the needs of care providers to deliver remote care in the home through connection ,"LONDON and PARIS  April 19  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader in home connectivity  today unveils its innovative HomeSight Care Suite  a sophisticated connected care system designed to meet the needs of care providers to deliver remote care in the home through connection  engagement  and monitoring. The solution has been deployed by Homewatch CareGivers  as the Homewatch Connect™ system — part of their Homewatch CareGivers Total Care Solutions™ personalized care offering.Vantiva Launches the HomeSight™ Care Suite Solution for the Home Care Market with Initial Deployment by Homewatch CareGivers in the USA""The HomeSight Care Suite from Vantiva is at the center of Homewatch Connect  providing a remote care capability as part of our overall hybrid care model"" says Todd Houghton  President of Homewatch CareGivers. ""As the home care industry continues to evolve  it's vital that we adopt technology such as Vantiva HomeSight to provide not just care  but companionship and support  helping to ensure that every individual receives the attention they deserve.""The Vantiva HomeSight Care Suite is an end-to-end solution that facilitates seamless and secure connections among caregivers  families  and individuals requiring home care — fostering social engagement  reducing isolation  and promoting longer independent living. Virtual environmental and lifestyle monitoring captures actionable data that improves the level of care.The system is designed to operate through a familiar TV-based platform  ensuring accessibility for individuals of varying technological proficiency. With Vantiva HomeSight solution  caregivers and families gain access to an array of features including video calling  photo sharing  remote environmental monitoring  and customizable care reminders and schedules.At the core of Vantiva HomeSight solution lies an integrated smart camera that enables real-time communication with clients in their homes  complemented by a secure  cloud-based management platform and environmental sensors that offer valuable insights into daily routines  providing a bigger picture of their overall well-being. Leveraging this technology  care providers can tap into data to personalize and optimize care plans based on the individual's needs and preferences.""Vantiva's deployment of the HomeSight solution marks a significant milestone in the diversification of our business and denotes the onset of a new era in our commitment to delivering unparalleled home connectivity. Stepping into the connected care market opens immense possibilities for the future of our company and aligns with a greater vision to enable positive change in the world through technology "" expressed Luis Martinez-Amago  CEO of Vantiva. ""The demand for technology-driven care options continues to grow  and Vantiva is thrilled to be at the forefront of this revolutionary movement""  Martinez-Amago added.Vantiva HomeSight solution currently supports English  Spanish  Dutch  and French  with availability in the EU and UK in addition to the USA  initially through Homewatch CareGivers.The Vantiva HomeSight team will be at this year's Care Show at ExCel London April 24-25th stand #G24.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2391324/Vantiva.pdfContact:Vantiva Press Relationspress.relations@vantiva.comThatcher+Co. for Vantivavantiva@thatcherandco.com",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['HomeSight™ Care Suite Solution', 'Home Care Market', 'Initial Deployment', 'Homewatch CareGivers', 'Vantiva', 'USA', 'Homewatch CareGivers Total Care Solutions™ personalized care offering', 'The Vantiva HomeSight Care Suite', 'The HomeSight Care Suite', 'innovative HomeSight Care Suite', 'secure, cloud-based management platform', 'overall hybrid care model', 'The Vantiva HomeSight team', 'HomeSight™ Care Suite Solution', 'sophisticated connected care system', 'connected care market', 'familiar TV-based platform', 'customizable care reminders', 'technology-driven care options', 'longer independent living', 'varying technological proficiency', 'integrated smart camera', 'remote care capability', 'Home Care Market', 'home care industry', 'Homewatch Connect™ system', 'Vantiva HomeSight solution', 'unparalleled home connectivity', 'global technology leader', 'Vantiva Press Relations', 'remote environmental monitoring', 'care providers', 'care plans', 'Care Show', 'secure connections', 'overall well-being', 'end solution', 'Virtual environmental', 'environmental sensors', 'Vantiva vantiva', 'Todd Houghton', 'lifestyle monitoring', 'video calling', 'photo sharing', 'real-time communication', 'valuable insights', 'daily routines', 'bigger picture', 'significant milestone', 'new era', 'immense possibilities', 'greater vision', 'positive change', 'revolutionary movement', '24-25th stand', 'Euronext Paris', 'Initial Deployment', 'social engagement', 'actionable data', 'Luis Martinez-Amago', 'ExCel London', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'needs', 'part', 'USA', 'center', 'President', 'companionship', 'support', 'individual', 'attention', 'seamless', 'families', 'isolation', 'level', 'accessibility', 'array', 'features', 'schedules', 'core', 'clients', 'preferences', 'diversification', 'business', 'onset', 'commitment', 'future', 'company', 'world', 'CEO', 'demand', 'forefront', 'English', 'Dutch', 'French', 'availability', 'UK', 'addition', 'year', 'G24', 'Contact', 'Thatcher+Co.', 'thatcherandco']",2024-04-19,2024-04-18,asiaone.com
39486,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2024-04-18/medincell-enters-into-strategic-co-development-and-licensing-agreement-with-abbvie-to-develop-next-generation-long-acting-injectable-therapies,Medincell enters into strategic co-development and licensing agreement with AbbVie to develop next-generation long-acting injectable therapies,Medincell enters into strategic co-development and licensing agreement with AbbVie to develop next-generation long-acting injectable therapies Euronext: MEDCL - Montpellier - France – April 16  2024 - 5:45 PM (CEST)Full press release available here ​,Medincell enters into strategic co-development and licensing agreement with AbbVie to develop next-generation long-acting injectable therapiesEuronext: MEDCL - Montpellier - France – April 16  2024 - 5:45 PM (CEST)Full press release available here ​Medincell will receive an upfront payment of $35 million and is eligible for up to $1.9 billion in potential development and commercial milestones  plus royalties on worldwide sales.Medincell and AbbVie will co-develop  and AbbVie will commercialize up to six cutting-edge long-acting injectables (LAI).The first LAI program candidate has been selected and formulation activities are underway.This pivotal alliance leverages Medincell's commercial-stage LAI technology and development know-how  and AbbVie's extensive clinical development and commercialization expertise  to deliver innovative therapeutic solutions to patients globally.Medincell today announced a collaboration with AbbVie to co-develop and commercialize up to six therapeutic products across multiple therapeutic areas and indications. Medincell will use its commercial-stage long-acting injectable technology platform to formulate innovative therapies. Medincell will conduct formulation activities and preclinical studies  including supportive CMC work to advance candidates into clinical trials. AbbVie will finance and conduct the clinical development for each program and will be responsible for regulatory approval  manufacturing  and commercialization.Christophe Douat  Medincell’s CEO said: “This will be an exciting partnership with one of the most innovative and successful pharmaceutical companies. Medincell has entered a new period of growth following the FDA approval of the first product using our technology in April 2023. The full potential of long-acting injectable therapies is getting increasingly recognized.”Sébastien Enault  Medincell’s Chief Business Officer added: “Our business development is accelerating following FDA approval of our first product. Our technology can help harvest the full potential of many known or yet untapped drugs. We are ready to make this exciting partnership very successful.”Under the terms of the co-development and licensing agreement covering up to 6 programs  Medincell will receive a $35 million upfront payment and is eligible to receive up to $1.9 billion in development and commercial milestones ($315 million for each program). Medincell is also eligible to receive mid-single to low-double-digit royalties on net sales.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['next-generation long-acting injectable therapies', 'strategic co', 'licensing agreement', 'Medincell', 'development', 'AbbVie', 'up to six therapeutic products', 'commercial-stage long-acting injectable technology platform', 'six cutting-edge long-acting injectables', 'next-generation long-acting injectable therapies', 'first LAI program candidate', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'commercial-stage LAI technology', 'supportive CMC work', 'successful pharmaceutical companies', 'Sébastien Enault', 'innovative therapeutic solutions', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Full press release', 'extensive clinical development', 'innovative therapies', 'first product', 'mid-single to', 'clinical trials', 'full potential', 'business development', 'strategic co', 'licensing agreement', 'upfront payment', 'commercial milestones', 'worldwide sales', 'formulation activities', 'pivotal alliance', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory approval', 'Christophe Douat', 'exciting partnership', 'new period', 'FDA approval', 'many known', 'untapped drugs', 'net sales', 'potential development', 'development know-how', 'commercialization expertise', 'low-double-digit royalties', 'Medincell', 'AbbVie', 'Euronext', 'MEDCL', 'Montpellier', 'France', 'April', 'patients', 'collaboration', 'indications', 'candidates', 'manufacturing', 'CEO', 'growth', 'terms', '6 programs', '5:45']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,pharmiweb.com
39487,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ark-launches-european-innovation-genomics-155749669.html?fr=sycsrp_catchall,ARK Launches European Innovation  Genomics ETFs,It brings the UCITS versions of the Ark's flagship $6.6 billion ARK Innovation ETF (ARKK) and its $1.36bn ARK Genomic Revolution ETF (ARKG) to the continent for the first time  while the AI and robotics ETF is a freshly launched strategy for European investors. Each ETF has a total expense ratio of 0.75%.,"ARK Launches European Innovation  Genomics ETFsCathie Wood’s Ark Investment Management has made its long-awaited entry into the European ETF market with the launch of three actively managed ETFs covering innovation  genomics and artificial intelligence.The three ETFs are listed on Deutsche Borse and set to list on the London Stock Exchange and CBOE Amsterdam April 19 while Euronext Milan and Six Swiss Exchange listings are due “in the coming weeks.""It brings the UCITS versions of the Ark's flagship $6.6 billion ARK Innovation ETF (ARKK) and its $1.36bn ARK Genomic Revolution ETF (ARKG) to the continent for the first time  while the AI and robotics ETF is a freshly launched strategy for European investors. Each ETF has a total expense ratio of 0.75%.The three ETFs are:ARK Innovation UCITS ETF (ARKK)ARK Genomic Revolution UCITS ETF (ARKG)ARK Artificial Intelligence & Robotics UCITS ETF (ARKI)ARKK targets companies involved in ‘disruptive innovation’  defined as businesses making technology-enabled new products or services that will “surpass the historical milestones of the first and second industrial revolutions”.According to the group  it focuses on five innovation platforms comprising AI  robotics  multiomic sequencing  public blockchains and energy storage.Wood  founder  CEO and CIO of ARK Invest  commented: “ARKK represents our best ideas  drawing from a decade-long track record to target companies at the forefront of disruptive innovation. With an existing $14 billion global asset base  we are excited to bring this strategy  designed with a five-year investment time horizon  to European investors.”ARKG targets companies involved in the ‘genomic revolution’  focused on extending and enhancing the quality of human life via genomic sequencing  analysis  synthesis or composition.It aims to invest across multiple sectors including healthcare  information technology  materials  energy and consumer discretionary.Finally  ARKI will invest in businesses involved in AI  autonomous technology and robotics and is the only actively managed AI ETF in Europe.The group hopes to capture demand for multi-thematic ETFs in Europe  backed by its strong research capabilities and reputation.Wood added AI reduced the cost of the written word from $300-400 to mere cents  while AI training costs are falling 75% annually.“This gives us confidence that AI will be the catalyst for dramatic change across the economy  heralding a future where global equity market value tied to innovation rises from 16% today to over 60% by 2030 ” she said.Wood added the launches are not just a result of increased interest from European investors  but a “declaration of our long-term commitment to Europe”.Story continuesARK acquired thematic specialist Rize ETF from Martin Gilbert’s AssetCo last September in a cut-price deal of £5.25m.The Rize ETF brand will live on as the group’s “sustainable sub-brand.""This story originally appeared in etf.com's sister publication etfstream at ARK Invest Europe launches innovation  genomics and AI ETFs (etfstream.com)Permalink | © Copyright 2024 etf.com. All rights reserved",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.71,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['European Innovation', 'Genomics ETFs', 'ARK', 'existing $14 billion global asset base', '$1.36bn ARK Genomic Revolution ETF', 'ARK Genomic Revolution UCITS ETF', 'Six Swiss Exchange listings', 'five-year investment time horizon', 'The Rize ETF brand', '6.6 billion ARK Innovation ETF', 'ARK Innovation UCITS ETF', 'global equity market', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Ark Investment Management', 'total expense ratio', 'technology-enabled new products', 'second industrial revolutions', 'decade-long track record', 'strong research capabilities', 'sister publication etfstream', 'Robotics UCITS ETF', 'European ETF market', 'five innovation platforms', 'ARK Artificial Intelligence', 'AI training costs', 'ARK Invest Europe', 'UCITS versions', 'genomic sequencing', 'etf.com', 'robotics ETF', 'first time', 'AI ETF', 'European Innovation', 'disruptive innovation', 'European investors', 'Deutsche Borse', 'CBOE Amsterdam', 'Euronext Milan', 'coming weeks', 'historical milestones', 'multiomic sequencing', 'public blockchains', 'best ideas', 'human life', 'multiple sectors', 'information technology', 'consumer discretionary', 'autonomous technology', 'mere cents', 'dramatic change', 'long-term commitment', 'thematic specialist', 'Martin Gilbert', 'cut-price deal', 'sustainable sub-brand', 'multi-thematic ETFs', 'energy storage', 'three ETFs', 'Cathie Wood', 'Genomics ETFs', 'entry', 'launch', 'flagship', 'ARKK', 'ARKG', 'continent', 'strategy', 'ARKI', 'companies', 'businesses', 'services', 'group', 'founder', 'CEO', 'CIO', 'forefront', 'quality', 'analysis', 'synthesis', 'composition', 'healthcare', 'materials', 'demand', 'reputation', 'written', 'word', 'confidence', 'catalyst', 'economy', 'future', 'result', 'interest', 'declaration', 'Story', 'AssetCo', 'Permalink', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,finance.yahoo.com
39488,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.europapress.es/comunicados/internacional-00907/noticia-comunicado-vantiva-launches-the-homesight-care-suite-solution-for-the-home-care-market-with-initial-deployment-by-homewatch-caregi-20240418180212.html,Vantiva Launches the HomeSight™ Care Suite Solution for the Home Care Market with Initial Deployment by Homewatch CareGi,"""The HomeSight Care Suite from Vantiva is at the center of Homewatch Connect  providing a remote care capability as part of our overall hybrid care model"" says Todd Houghton  President of Homewatch CareGivers.","(Información remitida por la empresa firmante)LONDON and PARIS  April 18  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader in home connectivity  today unveils its innovative HomeSight Care Suite  a sophisticated connected care system designed to meet the needs of care providers to deliver remote care in the home through connection  engagement  and monitoring. The solution has been deployed by Homewatch CareGivers  as the Homewatch Connect™ system — part of their Homewatch CareGivers Total Care Solutions™ personalized care offering.""The HomeSight Care Suite from Vantiva is at the center of Homewatch Connect  providing a remote care capability as part of our overall hybrid care model"" says Todd Houghton  President of Homewatch CareGivers. ""As the home care industry continues to evolve  it's vital that we adopt technology such as Vantiva HomeSight to provide not just care  but companionship and support  helping to ensure that every individual receives the attention they deserve.""The Vantiva HomeSight Care Suite is an end-to-end solution that facilitates seamless and secure connections among caregivers  families  and individuals requiring home care — fostering social engagement  reducing isolation  and promoting longer independent living. Virtual environmental and lifestyle monitoring captures actionable data that improves the level of care.The system is designed to operate through a familiar TV-based platform  ensuring accessibility for individuals of varying technological proficiency. With Vantiva HomeSight solution  caregivers and families gain access to an array of features including video calling  photo sharing  remote environmental monitoring  and customizable care reminders and schedules.At the core of Vantiva HomeSight solution lies an integrated smart camera that enables real-time communication with clients in their homes  complemented by a secure  cloud-based management platform and environmental sensors that offer valuable insights into daily routines  providing a bigger picture of their overall well-being. Leveraging this technology  care providers can tap into data to personalize and optimize care plans based on the individual's needs and preferences.""Vantiva's deployment of the HomeSight solution marks a significant milestone in the diversification of our business and denotes the onset of a new era in our commitment to delivering unparalleled home connectivity. Stepping into the connected care market opens immense possibilities for the future of our company and aligns with a greater vision to enable positive change in the world through technology "" expressed Luis Martinez-Amago  CEO of Vantiva. ""The demand for technology-driven care options continues to grow  and Vantiva is thrilled to be at the forefront of this revolutionary movement""  Martinez-Amago added.Vantiva HomeSight solution currently supports English  Spanish  Dutch  and French  with availability in the EU and UK in addition to the USA  initially through Homewatch CareGivers.The Vantiva HomeSight team will be at this year's Care Show at ExCel London April 24-25th stand #G24.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2391341...Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2388773...Contact: Vantiva Press Relationspress.relations@vantiva.comThatcher+Co. for Vantivavantiva@thatcherandco.comView original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/vantiva-launches-the-homesight-care-suite-solution-for-the-home-care-market-with-initial-deployment-by-homewatch-caregivers-in-the-usa-302121169.html",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['HomeSight™ Care Suite Solution', 'Home Care Market', 'Initial Deployment', 'Homewatch CareGi', 'Vantiva', 'Homewatch CareGivers Total Care Solutions™ personalized care offering', 'The Vantiva HomeSight Care Suite', 'The HomeSight Care Suite', 'innovative HomeSight Care Suite', 'secure, cloud-based management platform', 'overall hybrid care model', 'The Vantiva HomeSight team', 'sophisticated connected care system', 'connected care market', 'familiar TV-based platform', 'customizable care reminders', 'technology-driven care options', 'longer independent living', 'varying technological proficiency', 'integrated smart camera', 'remote care capability', 'home care industry', 'Homewatch Connect™ system', 'Vantiva Press Relationspress', 'unparalleled home connectivity', 'Vantiva HomeSight solution', 'global technology leader', 'remote environmental monitoring', 'care providers', 'care plans', 'Care Show', 'secure connections', 'overall well-being', 'Virtual environmental', 'environmental sensors', 'end solution', 'Información', 'Todd Houghton', 'lifestyle monitoring', 'video calling', 'photo sharing', 'real-time communication', 'valuable insights', 'daily routines', 'bigger picture', 'significant milestone', 'new era', 'immense possibilities', 'greater vision', 'positive change', 'revolutionary movement', '24-25th stand', 'original content', 'Euronext Paris', 'social engagement', 'actionable data', 'Luis Martinez-Amago', 'ExCel London', 'empresa', 'firmante', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'needs', 'part', 'center', 'President', 'companionship', 'support', 'individual', 'attention', 'seamless', 'families', 'isolation', 'level', 'accessibility', 'array', 'features', 'schedules', 'core', 'clients', 'preferences', 'deployment', 'diversification', 'business', 'onset', 'commitment', 'future', 'company', 'world', 'CEO', 'demand', 'forefront', 'English', 'Dutch', 'French', 'availability', 'UK', 'addition', 'USA', 'year', 'G24', 'Logo', 'mma', 'Contact', 'Thatcher+', 'Vantivavantiva', 'thatcherandco', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'homesight-care-suite', 'home-care-market', 'homewatch-caregivers']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,europapress.es
39489,EuroNext,Bing API,https://newsheater.com/2024/04/18/t-stamp-inc-idai-shares-decline-despite-market-challenges-2/,T Stamp Inc (IDAI) Shares Decline Despite Market Challenges – News Heater,The stock price of T Stamp Inc (NASDAQ: IDAI) has dropped by -8.83 compared to previous close of 0.93. Despite this  the company has seen a fall of -12.30% in its stock price over the last five trading days.,The stock price of T Stamp Inc (NASDAQ: IDAI) has dropped by -8.83 compared to previous close of 0.93. Despite this  the company has seen a fall of -12.30% in its stock price over the last five trading days. Proactive Investors reported 2024-04-08 that T Stamp Inc (NASDAQ:IDAI  EURONEXT:AIID) (dba Trust Stamp) has unveiled accelerated implementation options for financial institutions and enterprises grappling with the vulnerabilities posed by deep fake technology infiltrating voice recognition systems. The company  which specializes in AI-powered trust and identity services deployed across various sectors worldwide  aims to address the escalating threat of voice-based fraud  fueled by rapid advancements in Generative-AI technology.Is It Worth Investing in T Stamp Inc (NASDAQ: IDAI) Right Now?IDAI has 36-month beta value of -0.66. Analysts have mixed views on the stock  with 0 analysts rating it as a “buy ” 0 as “overweight ” 0 as “hold ” and 0 as “sell.”3 Tiny Stocks Primed to Explode The world's greatest investor — Warren Buffett — has a simple formula for making big money in the markets. He buys up valuable assets when they are very cheap. For stock market investors that means buying up cheap small cap stocks like these with huge upside potential.We've set up an alert service to help smart investors take full advantage of the small cap stocks primed for big returns.Click here for full details and to join for freeSponsoredThe public float for IDAI is 7.73M  and currently  short sellers hold a 3.72% ratio of that float. The average trading volume of IDAI on April 18  2024 was 419.09K shares.IDAI’s Market PerformanceIDAI’s stock has seen a -12.30% decrease for the week  with a -21.28% drop in the past month and a -40.13% fall in the past quarter. The volatility ratio for the week is 9.48%  and the volatility levels for the past 30 days are at 8.63% for T Stamp Inc The simple moving average for the past 20 days is -9.84% for IDAI’s stock  with a -41.05% simple moving average for the past 200 days.IDAI Trading at -24.59% from the 50-Day Moving AverageAfter a stumble in the market that brought IDAI to its low price for the period of the last 52 weeks  the company was unable to rebound  for now settling with -79.26% of loss for the given period.Volatility was left at 8.63%  however  over the last 30 days  the volatility rate increased by 9.48%  as shares sank -15.82% for the moving average over the last 20 days. Over the last 50 days  in opposition  the stock is trading -41.37% lower at present.During the last 5 trading sessions  IDAI fell by -12.30%  which changed the moving average for the period of 200-days by -33.58% in comparison to the 20-day moving average  which settled at $0.9350. In addition  T Stamp Inc saw -37.94% in overturn over a single year  with a tendency to cut further losses.Stock Fundamentals for IDAICurrent profitability levels for the company are sitting at:-1.73 for the present operating margin0.76 for the gross marginThe net margin for T Stamp Inc stands at -2.24. The total capital return value is set at -1.52. Equity return is now at value -362.22  with -106.78 for asset returns.Based on T Stamp Inc (IDAI)  the company’s capital structure generated 0.24 points at debt to capital in total  while cash flow to debt ratio is standing at -6.49. The debt to equity ratio resting at 0.32. The interest coverage ratio of the stock is -237.26.Currently  EBITDA for the company is -7.1 million with net debt to EBITDA at 0.27. When we switch over and look at the enterprise to sales  we see a ratio of 1.29. The receivables turnover for the company is 3.48for trailing twelve months and the total asset turnover is 0.58. The liquidity ratio also appears to be rather interesting for investors as it stands at 1.73.ConclusionTo put it simply  T Stamp Inc (IDAI) has had a bad performance in recent times. Analysts have a mixed opinion on the stock  with some rating it as a “buy” and others as a “hold”. It’s important to note that the stock is currently trading at a significant distance from its 50-day moving average and its 52-week high.,neutral,0.02,0.63,0.35,mixed,0.23,0.2,0.57,True,English,"['T Stamp Inc', 'Market Challenges', 'News Heater', 'IDAI', 'Shares', 'cheap small cap stocks', 'last five trading days', 'total capital return value', 'T Stamp Inc', 'accelerated implementation options', 'voice recognition systems', 'huge upside potential', 'average trading volume', '36-month beta value', 'dba Trust Stamp', 'deep fake technology', 'last 5 trading sessions', 'Current profitability levels', '50-Day Moving Average', '20-day moving average', 'simple moving average', 'interest coverage ratio', 'total asset turnover', 'present operating margin', 'stock market investors', '3 Tiny Stocks', 'Equity return', 'last 30 days', 'last 20 days', 'last 50 days', 'AI-powered trust', 'Generative-AI technology', 'simple formula', 'last 52 weeks', 'asset returns', 'receivables turnover', 'gross margin', 'net margin', 'capital structure', 'past 30 days', 'past 20 days', 'past 200 days', 'volatility levels', 'IDAI Trading', 'previous close', 'Proactive Investors', 'financial institutions', 'identity services', 'various sectors', 'escalating threat', 'voice-based fraud', 'rapid advancements', 'greatest investor', 'Warren Buffett', 'big money', 'valuable assets', 'alert service', 'smart investors', 'full advantage', 'big returns', 'full details', 'short sellers', 'Market Performance', 'past month', 'past quarter', 'low price', 'single year', 'cash flow', 'twelve months', 'bad performance', 'recent times', 'mixed opinion', 'significant distance', 'equity ratio', 'liquidity ratio', 'volatility rate', 'volatility ratio', 'public float', '419.09K shares', 'net debt', 'stock price', 'Stock Fundamentals', 'debt ratio', '3.72% ratio', 'NASDAQ', 'company', 'fall', 'EURONEXT', 'AIID', 'enterprises', 'vulnerabilities', 'Analysts', 'views', 'buy', 'hold', 'world', 'markets', 'April', 'stumble', 'period', 'loss', 'opposition', '200-days', 'comparison', 'addition', 'overturn', 'tendency', '0.24 points', 'EBITDA', 'sales', 'Conclusion', 'others', '52-week']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,newsheater.com
39490,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/argan-scrip-dividend-subscribed-28-154500856.html,ARGAN: Scrip dividend - Subscribed by 28% of the shareholding in 2024,Seine  Thursday  April 18  2024 – 5.45 pm Scrip dividend:Subscribed by 28% of the shareholding in 2024 Following the resolution voted at the Shareholders’ General Meeting on March 21  ARGAN specifies that the option for dividend payment in shares was chosen by its shareholders at a rate of 27.,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Thursday  April 18  2024 – 5.45 pmScrip dividend:Subscribed by 28% of the shareholding in 2024Following the resolution voted at the Shareholders’ General Meeting on March 21  ARGAN specifies that the option for dividend payment in shares was chosen by its shareholders at a rate of 27.77%.Consequently  283 267 new shares will be issued and admitted on the Euronext Paris market  representing an increase of 1.2% of total shares.As of April 22  2024  the day on which 2023 dividend payment in cash and shares will be effective  the total number of voting rights and shares that form the capital of Argan will be as follows:March 31  2024 April 22  2024 Total number of shares that form the Company's capital 23 092 378 23 375 645 Theoretical total number of voting rights (1) 23 092 378 23 375 645 Actual total number of voting rights (2) 23 083 637 23 362 070(1) Including the number of shares deprived of voting rights (treasury shares within the framework of the liquidity contract)ADVERTISEMENT(2) Not including the number of shares deprived of voting rights2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frStory continuesFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,negative,0.01,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['Scrip dividend', 'ARGAN', 'shareholding', 'real estate investment company', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'proactive ESG policy', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'yearly rental income', 'Theoretical total number', 'Actual total number', 'Shareholders’ General Meeting', 'Euronext Paris market', 'French SIIC', 'General Assembly', 'General Secretary', 'Net sales', 'Press release', 'Scrip dividend', 'dividend payment', 'voting rights', 'liquidity contract', '2024 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', '2 nd quarter', 'Half-year results', '3rd quarter', '2025 financial calendar', '4 th quarter', 'Annual results', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'rental management', 'tight control', 'concrete results', 'Aut0nom® concept', '3.6 million sq', 'hundred warehouses', 'continental part', 'Euronext SBF', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'total shares', 'development milestones', '283,267 new shares', 'treasury shares', 'Thursday', 'April', 'shareholding', 'resolution', 'March', 'ARGAN', 'option', 'rate', 'increase', 'cash', 'capital', 'framework', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'Publication', 'closing', 'July', 'October', 'January', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'portfolio', 'December', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'Story', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,uk.finance.yahoo.com
39491,EuroNext,Bing API,http://koreabizwire.com/jde-peets-sgns-mous-with-honduras-peru-and-rwanda-to-combat-coffee-related-deforestation/278856,JDE Peet’s Sgns MOUs with Honduras  Peru and Rwanda to Combat Coffee-related Deforestation,JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) has expanded its global effort to combat coffee-related deforestation by signing three Memoranda of Understanding (MOUs) with Peru  Honduras and Rwanda. This not only ensures continued access to the European market for smallholder farmers upon implementation of the EU Deforestation Regulation (EUDR) ,Amsterdam 18 April 2024 (Korea Bizwire) –JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) has expanded its global effort to combat coffee-related deforestation by signing three Memoranda of Understanding (MOUs) with Peru  Honduras and Rwanda. This not only ensures continued access to the European market for smallholder farmers upon implementation of the EU Deforestation Regulation (EUDR)  but crucially also fosters climate change resilience for coffee  which is imperative to ensuring that JDE Peet’s’ customers and consumers have continued access to a diversity of high-quality coffee products. JDE Peet’s has already signed MOUs to combat deforestation with Ethiopia  Papua New Guinea  Tanzania and Uganda.Honduras  Peru and Rwanda are committed to implementing JDE Peet’s’ innovative strategy to ensure all coffee is EUDR compliant  including the identification of coffee plots grown on land deforested after the 2020 cut-off date. A mutually agreed protocol will ensure that any coffee found to be in contravention of the new regulation is remediated. JDE Peet’s then works with farmers and local partners to assist in reforesting the land.This ground-breaking initiative  developed by JDE Peet’s in partnership with Enveritas  a global sustainability platform  uses a combination of high-resolution satellite imagery  artificial intelligence and on-the-ground verification to measure the extent of coffee-related deforestation. This approach allows local operators  governments  NGOs and farmers to better mitigate deforestation risks.To date  more than 90% of the coffee grown in the world has been mapped  representing a major step in the fight against deforestation. In addition to remediated deforested coffee plots  JDE Peet’s will bolster its efforts in regions at risk of deforestation  targeting the underlying issue of poverty by spearheading the advancement of regenerative agricultural practices.The new MOUs follow JDE Peet’s’ recent commitment to newly validated near-term and net-zero SBTi targets  including a specific SBTi Forest  Land and Agriculture (FLAG) target. SBTi FLAG is the world’s first framework for companies in land-intensive sectors to set science-based targets that include land-based emission reductions and removals.JDE Peet’s is one of only 39 companies globally in the FMCG sector to have a net-zero target by 2050  and one of only 23 companies to have a FLAG target.JDE Peet’s’ commitments to combat deforestation are further captured in its expanded Forest Policy  which aims to protect forests through responsible sourcing principles and guidance and sets out expectations for suppliers. This includes a no-deforestation policy across JDE Peet’s’ primary deforestation-linked commodities  coffee  pulp & paper  palm oil and cocoa  with a target date of 31 December 2025.Laurent Sagarra  Vice President Sustainability at JDE Peet’s  commented: “We are very proud to further progress our efforts to combat deforestation through these new MOUs with Honduras  Peru and Rwanda. Deforestation  and its impact on climate change  poses a threat to our business  as we look to buy high-quality coffee beans from around the world to delight our customers and consumers. That is why JDE Peet’s is committed to working with our partners and governments to ensure we can grow coffee responsibly while helping to secure the livelihoods of millions of smallholder farmers.”For more information on JDE Peet’s’ climate transition plan  please visit our Common Grounds programme.# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 100 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet’s unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2023  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.AttachmentSource: JDE Peet’s N.V. via GLOBE NEWSWIRE,neutral,0.05,0.72,0.23,mixed,0.36,0.26,0.39,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'Sgns MOUs', 'Coffee-related Deforestation', 'Honduras', 'Peru', 'Rwanda', 'high-resolution satellite imagery', 'regenerative agricultural practices', 'land-based emission reductions', 'responsible sourcing principles', 'primary deforestation-linked commodities', 'Vice President Sustainability', 'Common Grounds programme', 'climate transition plan', 'global sustainability platform', 'Papua New Guinea', 'climate change resilience', 'specific SBTi Forest', 'net-zero SBTi targets', 'high-quality coffee products', 'high-quality coffee beans', 'EU Deforestation Regulation', 'new regulation', 'SBTi FLAG', 'science-based targets', 'net-zero target', 'Forest Policy', 'global effort', 'global workforce', 'Korea Bizwire', 'three Memoranda', 'European market', 'innovative strategy', 'ground-breaking initiative', 'artificial intelligence', 'ground verification', 'local operators', 'major step', 'underlying issue', 'recent commitment', 'FLAG) target', 'first framework', 'land-intensive sectors', 'FMCG sector', 'FLAG target', 'palm oil', 'Laurent Sagarra', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'leading pure-play', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'Attachment Source', 'N.V.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'JDE Peet', 'new MOUs', '2020 cut-off date', 'target date', 'coffee-related deforestation', 'deforestation risks', 'deforestation policy', 'continued access', 'smallholder farmers', 'local partners', 'Enquiries Media', 'coffee plots', 'tea company', 'Amsterdam', 'April', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'Understanding', 'Peru', 'Honduras', 'Rwanda', 'implementation', 'EUDR', 'customers', 'consumers', 'diversity', 'Ethiopia', 'Tanzania', 'Uganda', 'identification', 'protocol', 'contravention', 'partnership', 'Enveritas', 'combination', 'extent', 'approach', 'governments', 'NGOs', 'world', 'fight', 'addition', 'deforested', 'efforts', 'regions', 'poverty', 'advancement', 'near-term', 'Agriculture', 'companies', 'removals', 'commitments', 'expanded', 'forests', 'guidance', 'expectations', 'suppliers', 'pulp', 'paper', 'cocoa', '31 December', 'impact', 'threat', 'business', 'livelihoods', 'millions', 'information', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,100 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'journey']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,koreabizwire.com
39492,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/planisware-shares-jump-in-first-day-of-trading-on-euronext-paris-db762665,Planisware Shares Jump in First Day of Trading on Euronext Paris,By Elena Vardon Planisware shares soared in the software publisher's first day of trading on the Paris stock exchange  contributing to the revival of,By Elena Vardon Planisware shares soared in the software publisher's first day of trading on the Paris stock exchange  contributing to the revival of,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,True,English,"['Planisware Shares', 'First Day', 'Euronext Paris', 'Trading', 'Elena Vardon Planisware shares', 'Paris stock exchange', 'software publisher', 'first day', 'trading', 'revival']",2024-04-18,2024-04-18,marketwatch.com
