UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
32584,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/putin-offers-way-for-russians-to-swap-frozen-assets-187741,Putin offers way for Russians to 'swap' frozen assets,"President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on Nov. 8 offering a way for Russian investors to ""swap"" their frozen assets abroad with the frozen assets of foreign companies in Russia.","Putin offers way for Russians to 'swap' frozen assetsMOSCOWPresident Vladimir Putin signed a decree on Nov. 8 offering a way for Russian investors to ""swap"" their frozen assets abroad with the frozen assets of foreign companies in Russia.Since the conflict in Ukraine  Western countries have introduced a barrage of sanctions against Moscow  blocking its banks from making international payments and freezing Russian assets abroad.According to the Kremlin  more than $16 billion worth of foreign investments belonging to Russian citizens are now stuck abroad.In response  Russia locked some assets belonging to foreign investors and companies in its country in so-called ""Type-C"" accounts.According to the decree  Russian residents will be able to exchange their blocked assets abroad up to a value of 100 000 rubles (around $1 000) with funds from these accounts using a voluntary mechanism.The owner of the Type-C account  which is nominally a foreign company  will then have the option of receiving the foreign share previously owned by the Russian investor abroad.But there is no guarantee that foreign clearing houses Euroclear or Clearstream  which handle the exchange of shares  will co-operate.Since the conflict in Ukraine began in February last year  dozens of Western companies have pulled out of Russia or sold their assets there to avoid falling foul of sanctions.The Kremlin has made it difficult for foreign companies to make money on their sales  and in some cases has moved to take control of a company outright.In July  Russia took control of the Russian subsidiaries of French yoghurt maker Danone and beer company Carlsberg  months after doing the same to Germany's Uniper and Finland's Fortum.Meanwhile  The European subsidiary of Russia's VTB is changing its name after its parent refused to allow it to operate under the brand  an executive has said.The Frankfurt-based bank  already ring-fenced by regulators due to sanctions and in liquidation since last year  will from now on be known as OWH SE  said Frank Hellwig  the chief executive officer of VTB's Europe hub.Before Russia invaded Ukraine  VTB in Europe attracted tens of thousands of German savers with its relatively high interest rates and marketed itself as a sponsor of Frankfurt's ice hockey team  the Lions.But after the war began  savers withdrew their money  resulting in a bank run and prompting regulators to manage the outflow. They took control in April 2022 after sanctions were imposed and the bank was cordoned off from Russia.VTB still officially owns the European subsidiary  and Hellwig said he contacted the bank's Russia headquarters to get permission to continue under the name while a licensing agreement ran its course.",neutral,0.05,0.78,0.17,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['frozen assets', 'Putin', 'way', 'Russians', 'French yoghurt maker', 'high interest rates', 'ice hockey team', 'foreign clearing houses', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'chief executive officer', 'The European subsidiary', 'foreign investments', 'foreign investors', 'foreign share', 'Russian investors', 'Western countries', 'international payments', '$16 billion worth', 'Russian citizens', 'Russian residents', 'voluntary mechanism', 'Type-C account', 'The Kremlin', 'Russian subsidiaries', 'last year', 'OWH SE', 'licensing agreement', 'foreign companies', 'foreign company', 'Western companies', 'beer company', 'frozen assets', 'Russian assets', 'Type-C"" accounts', 'Frankfurt-based bank', 'Frank Hellwig', 'Europe hub', 'German savers', 'bank run', 'Russia headquarters', 'way', 'Russians', 'MOSCOW', 'decree', 'Nov.', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'barrage', 'sanctions', 'banks', 'response', 'country', 'value', '100,000 rubles', 'funds', 'owner', 'option', 'guarantee', 'Clearstream', 'exchange', 'shares', 'February', 'dozens', 'foul', 'money', 'sales', 'cases', 'control', 'July', 'Danone', 'Carlsberg', 'Germany', 'Uniper', 'Finland', 'Fortum', 'VTB', 'name', 'parent', 'brand', 'regulators', 'liquidation', 'tens', 'thousands', 'sponsor', 'Lions', 'war', 'outflow', 'April', 'permission', 'course']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,hurriyetdailynews.com
32585,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/jpmorgan-introduces-programmable-payments-feature-on-jpm-coin-93CH-3231252,JPMorgan introduces programmable payments feature on JPM Coin By Investing.com,JPMorgan introduces programmable payments feature on JPM Coin,Published Nov 10  2023 02:02PM ET© Reuters.JPM +1.48% Add to/Remove from Watchlist SIEGn -1.65% Add to/Remove from Watchlist HSBC +0.16% Add to/Remove from WatchlistIn a significant development for the financial industry  JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: ) & Co unveiled a new feature on its JPM Coin on Friday  allowing clients to automate fund transfers under specific conditions. The first to implement this feature was Siemens AG (OTC: )  which used it to automatically transfer funds in response to potential shortfalls. Today  Naveen Mallela  head of Coin Systems at Onyx  announced on LinkedIn that this programmable payments product is now accessible to institutional clients for managing banking account shortfalls and facilitating fund transfers for margin calls and overdue payments. Early users now also include Cargill and FedEx (NYSE: ).The introduction of programmable payments at scale by a traditional finance firm using commercial bank money is a first  according to Mallela. This move comes in the wake of growing interest in blockchain technology within the financial sector  as companies seek innovative solutions to streamline transactions and increase income on deposits.JPM Coin currently handles approximately $1 billion in daily transactions  a small proportion compared to the $10 trillion in US dollar transactions processed by JPMorgan. However  with FedEx and Cargill already utilizing this system and plans underway to extend it to other banks  the scope of JPM Coin is set to increase.This new feature builds upon JPMorgan's earlier efforts to leverage blockchain technology. Earlier this year  the company enabled collateral settlements and euro transactions via blockchain using JPM Coin. In addition  JPMorgan is crafting a blockchain solution for cross-border transactions that has awaited approval from US authorities since September 2023.In today's interest-rate environment  where rates are at 5.5% or rising  the ability to program payments could be an attractive option for company treasurers looking to increase income on deposits. This development follows recent moves by other financial giants such as HSBC Holdings Plc (LON: ) and Euroclear. Last week  HSBC launched a system for tokenized ownership of physical gold. Euroclear also entered the blockchain space late last month with a platform for issuing traditional securities.Despite the success of JPM Coin  JPMorgan expressed concerns today over an overestimated market rally. This reflects similar concerns within the financial industry  as institutions continue to explore and implement blockchain solutions.InvestingPro InsightsAs JPMorgan Chase continues to innovate with its JPM Coin  InvestingPro provides essential insights to understand the financial health of the company. As of the third quarter of 2023  JPMorgan Chase boasted a market cap of $417.14 billion  and its revenue growth was accelerating at a rate of 18.12% over the last twelve months. The company's P/E ratio stood at a low of 8.61  indicating a potentially undervalued stock relative to its earnings growth.InvestingPro Tips highlights that JPMorgan Chase has high earnings quality  with free cash flow exceeding net income. Moreover  the company has a strong track record of raising its dividend for 13 consecutive years  a testament to its consistent financial performance.For those interested in more comprehensive insights  InvestingPro offers a total of 12 tips on JPMorgan Chase  including its earnings predictions  dividend history  and industry standing. These tips can provide valuable guidance for investors considering adding JPM Coin or JPMorgan Chase stock to their portfolios.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.24,0.56,True,English,"['programmable payments feature', 'JPM Coin', 'JPMorgan', 'Investing', 'commercial bank money', 'last twelve months', 'free cash flow', 'strong track record', 'banking account shortfalls', 'traditional finance firm', 'high earnings quality', 'consistent financial performance', 'HSBC Holdings Plc', 'other financial giants', 'programmable payments product', 'US dollar transactions', 'JPMorgan Chase stock', 'potential shortfalls', 'other banks', 'US authorities', 'traditional securities', 'financial industry', 'financial sector', 'financial health', 'earnings growth', 'earnings predictions', 'fund transfers', 'specific conditions', 'Siemens AG', 'Coin Systems', 'margin calls', 'overdue payments', 'Early users', 'growing interest', 'innovative solutions', 'daily transactions', 'small proportion', 'earlier efforts', 'collateral settlements', 'euro transactions', 'cross-border transactions', 'interest-rate environment', 'attractive option', 'recent moves', 'tokenized ownership', 'physical gold', 'market rally', 'essential insights', 'third quarter', 'market cap', 'revenue growth', 'P/E ratio', '13 consecutive years', 'comprehensive insights', 'industry standing', 'valuable guidance', 'T&C.', 'JPM Coin', 'blockchain technology', 'blockchain solution', 'blockchain space', 'Watchlist SIEGn', 'Watchlist HSBC', 'new feature', 'significant development', 'Naveen Mallela', 'institutional clients', 'similar concerns', 'InvestingPro Insights', 'dividend history', 'net income', 'company treasurers', 'InvestingPro Tips', '12 tips', 'Reuters', 'NYSE', 'Friday', 'OTC', 'funds', 'response', 'head', 'Onyx', 'LinkedIn', 'Cargill', 'FedEx', 'introduction', 'scale', 'wake', 'companies', 'deposits', 'plans', 'scope', 'addition', 'approval', 'September', 'today', 'rates', 'ability', 'Euroclear', 'platform', 'success', 'institutions', 'testament', 'total', 'investors', 'portfolios', 'article', 'support', 'editor', 'information', '©']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,investing.com
32586,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/10/2778408/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2023-11-17BondsSWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1061  SE0011281922  2029-11-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1062  SE0013935319  2031-05-12 Bid...,Bid procedure  2023-11-17 Bonds SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1061  SE0011281922  2029-11-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1062  SE0013935319  2031-05-12Bid date 2023-11-17 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1061: 1500 million SEK +/-1500 million SEK1062: 600 million SEK +/-600 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1061: 1500 million SEK per bid1062: 600 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2023-11-21 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2023-11-10This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'SWEDISH GOVERNMENT', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '1500 million SEK', '600 million SEK', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'CEST', 'allocation', 'Riksbank', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,globenewswire.com
32587,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.pymnts.com/blockchain/2023/j-p-morgan-launches-programmable-payments-through-jpm-coin/,JPM Coin Programmable Payments Goes Live With Siemens,Onyx by J.P. Morgan has recently launched programmable payments through its blockchain-based digital currency  JPM Coin. This innovative solution allows users to program their transactions using an “If-This-Then-That” interface  providing greater control and …,Onyx by J.P. Morgan has recently launched programmable payments through its blockchain-based digital currency  JPM Coin. This innovative solution allows users to program their transactions using an “If-This-Then-That” interface  providing greater control and flexibility over their accounts.According to a press release  the programmability allows clients to place customized rules on their payments. For example  they can specify a range of rules for funding a bank account in a dynamic manner in case of shortfalls — or execute payments based on events like margin calls  delivery of goods or fulfilment of contractual obligations.The introduction of programmable payments is a significant milestone in the evolution of digital currencies and tokenized money. It paves the way for real-time  automated and programmable treasury operations  revolutionizing the way transactions are conducted.Naveen Mallela  head of Coin Systems at Onyx by J.P. Morgan said  “Programmability has been a key objective for digital currencies and tokenized money since the beginning. Our new offering makes payments programmable ushering in the era of dynamic and event driven infrastructure in the industry. This is an important milestone and foundational for real-time  automated and programmable treasury.”Siemens AG  a multinational conglomerate  became one of the first companies to utilize this feature  successfully completing its initial payment on November 6. Dr. Peter Rathgeb  the group treasurer of Siemens AG  expressed enthusiasm for the advantages and features that J.P. Morgan’s programmable payments bring to fiat currencies. He highlighted the ability to leverage 24×7 blockchain-based bank accounts combined with programmability  which will enhance automation  optimize working capital utilization  and support data-driven digital business models.Other prominent companies  including FedEx and Cargill  are expected to adopt the solution in the coming weeks. Rebeca Fujimura Wiadacz  staff director of Global Cash Management at FedEx Corporation  praised the collaboration with J.P. Morgan and the use of innovative technologies like blockchain. She mentioned that FedEx has recently gone live with Onyx and JPM Coin  demonstrating their commitment to leveraging cutting-edge solutions to fuel their future growth.The launch of programmable payments by J.P. Morgan comes as major financial institutions  including HSBC  Euroclear  and Goldman Sachs  continue to explore and implement blockchain technology in mainstream finance. HSBC  for example  has introduced a platform that utilizes distributed ledger technology to expedite gold trading  simplifying the process and providing clients with an effortless way to track their gold ownership.J.P. Morgan’s programmable payments system builds on the success of its previous initiatives involving blockchain technology. The bank has already demonstrated its commitment to innovation by operating HSBC Orion  a platform facilitating the issuance and storage of digital assets like digital bonds. Additionally  J.P. Morgan collaborated with ING in 2018 to complete a trade finance transaction using blockchain technology  further showcasing its dedication to exploring the potential of this technology.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.57,0.41,0.02,True,English,"['JPM Coin Programmable Payments', 'Siemens', 'data-driven digital business models', 'J.P. Morgan', 'event driven infrastructure', 'Dr. Peter Rathgeb', 'working capital utilization', 'Rebeca Fujimura Wiadacz', 'Global Cash Management', 'major financial institutions', 'blockchain-based digital currency', 'Other prominent companies', 'trade finance transaction', 'distributed ledger technology', 'programmable treasury operations', 'programmable payments system', '24×7 blockchain-based bank accounts', 'digital currencies', 'first companies', 'mainstream finance', 'digital assets', 'digital bonds', 'JPM Coin', 'greater control', 'press release', 'margin calls', 'contractual obligations', 'significant milestone', 'real-time, automated', 'Naveen Mallela', 'Coin Systems', 'key objective', 'new offering', 'important milestone', 'Siemens AG', 'multinational conglomerate', 'initial payment', 'group treasurer', 'fiat currencies', 'coming weeks', 'staff director', 'innovative technologies', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'future growth', 'Goldman Sachs', 'gold trading', 'gold ownership', 'previous initiatives', 'blockchain technology', 'innovative solution', 'customized rules', 'dynamic manner', 'FedEx Corporation', 'effortless way', 'HSBC Orion', 'Onyx', 'users', 'transactions', 'interface', 'flexibility', 'programmability', 'clients', 'example', 'range', 'case', 'shortfalls', 'events', 'delivery', 'goods', 'fulfilment', 'introduction', 'evolution', 'tokenized', 'money', 'head', 'beginning', 'industry', 'feature', 'November', 'enthusiasm', 'advantages', 'automation', 'Cargill', 'collaboration', 'commitment', 'launch', 'Euroclear', 'platform', 'process', 'success', 'innovation', 'issuance', 'storage', 'dedication', 'potential']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,pymnts.com
32588,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/10/2778407/0/en/Notice-to-the-extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Uponor-Corporation.html,Notice to the extraordinary General Meeting of Uponor Corporation,Uponor Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 November 2023 at 17:20 EET  Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Uponor Corporation  The......,Uponor Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 November 2023 at 17:20 EETNotice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Uponor CorporationThe shareholders of Uponor Corporation are hereby summoned to the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Monday  4 December 2023 at 10:00 EET. The Extraordinary General Meeting will be organised without a meeting venue remotely using telecommunication connection and technical means in real time  in accordance with Section 9 of the company’s articles of association and Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Finnish Companies Act. Instructions for participation are set out in section C. “Instructions for the participants of the general meeting” of this notice.The company's shareholders and their proxy representatives may also attend the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in section C.5 “Advance voting” of this notice.On 12 June 2023  Georg Fischer Ltd. (the “Offeror”) and Uponor Corporation entered into a combination agreement pursuant to which the Offeror made a voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares in Uponor that are not held by Uponor or any of its subsidiaries (the “Tender Offer”).On 6 November 2023  the Offeror announced that it will complete the Tender Offer in accordance with its terms and conditions. The offer price will be paid on or about 13 November 2023 to each shareholder who has validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  the Tender Offer  after which the shares held by the Offeror represent approximately 92.5 percent of all of the issued and outstanding shares in Uponor that are not held by Uponor or any of its subsidiaries.Pursuant to the combination agreement  after the Offeror has publicly confirmed that it will complete the Tender Offer  the Board of Directors of the company shall  at the Offeror’s written request  convene an Extraordinary General Meeting of the company. This notice  including the matters to be considered at the Extraordinary General Meeting  is based upon that written request by the Offeror.A. Matters on the agenda of the general meetingAt the general meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of a person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Amendment of the articles of associationIt is proposed to the general meeting that Section 4 of the company’s articles of association be amended so that the minimum number of members of the Board of Directors is three (3) and the maximum number is seven (7). No other amendments are proposed to Section 4 of the articles of association.In its amended form  Section 4 of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for information purposes only):4 § Board of DirectorsFor the administration and proper organisation of its operations  the company shall have a Board of Directors with a minimum of three (3) and maximum of seven (7) standing members. The members of the Board of Directors shall be elected by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders for a term of one (1) year at a time. The term of the Board members shall expire at the close of the Annual General Meeting electing the new Board of Directors.The Board of Directors shall appoint one (1) Vice Chairman from among its members for a term of one (1) year at a time. If the Chairman of the Board of Directors resigns in the middle of his/her term or is permanently unable to carry out his/her duties  the Board of Directors may elect a new Chairman from among its members for the remaining term of office.A quorum is present at the meetings of the Board of Directors when more than half of the members are in attendance.7. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the general meeting that no remuneration be paid to the members of the Board of Directors.8. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the general meeting that the number of Board members shall be seven (7).9. Election of the members and chair of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the general meeting that Andreas Müller  Mads Joergensen  Joost Geginat  Helmut Elben  Thomas Hary  César Sayegh and Marc Lahusen be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term of office commencing at the closing of the Extraordinary General Meeting and ending at the closing of the next annual general meeting. The term of office of Uponor Corporation’s current Board members would end upon the commence of the term of the above-mentioned Board members.It is further proposed to the general meeting that Andreas Müller be elected as Chair of the Board of Directors for the term ending at the closing of the next annual general meeting.Each of the proposed members of the Board of Directors is independent of Uponor  but is not independent of significant shareholders of Uponor. Each of the proposed members of the Board of Directors is a permanent resident of Switzerland expect for Andreas Müller who is a permanent resident of Germany.10. Resolution on the abolition of the Nomination BoardUponor Corporation has a permanent Shareholders’ Nomination Board (the “Nomination Board”)  which has been established by its Annual General Meeting in March 2012.It is proposed to the general meeting that it resolves that the Nomination Board is abolished so that the resolution would become effective immediately upon having been taken by the Extraordinary General Meeting.11. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThis notice which includes the resolution proposals relating to the agenda of the general meeting is available on Uponor Corporation’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023. Copies of these documents will be sent to a shareholder upon request. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the company's website no later than 18 December 2023.No separate invitation to the Extraordinary General Meeting will be sent.C. Instructions for the participants of the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder  who on the record date of the general meeting  22 November 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the general meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Registration and advance voting will begin on 13 November 2023 at 10:00 EET. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 28 November 2023 at 10:00 EET  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made:via Uponor Corporation’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023 by email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website  or corresponding information to egm@innovatics.fi  orby mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website  or corresponding information addressed to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth and contact details. The personal data given to Uponor Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the usage of the personal data can be found on the company’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of any shares that would entitle him/her to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting  i.e.  22 November 2023. The right to participate in the general meeting also requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been registered in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 29 November 2023 at 10:00 EET. This constitutes the required registration for the general meeting for nominee-registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request from his/her custodian bank  well in advance  any necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  as well as the registration and advance voting for the general meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company by the above-mentioned date at the latest  i.e.  29 November 2023 at 10:00 EET  and  if needed  to arrange for advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the general meeting through his/her custodian bank may also participate in the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means in real time as described below in section C.4 “Instructions for participation” of this notice. To participate in the meeting remotely  the shareholder is also required to submit his/her email address and telephone number and  in case the shareholder is represented by a proxy representative  a proxy document or other similar documentation necessary to prove the right of representation. Such personal details and documentation may be submitted by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to egm@innovatics.fi before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended so that a participation link and password to participate in the meeting can be sent to the holder of nominee-registered shares. If a holder of nominee-registered shares has authorised their custodian bank to vote in advance on their behalf  such advance votes will be taken into account as advance votes of the nominee-registered shareholder at the general meeting  unless the holder of nominee-registered shares votes otherwise at the meeting.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong authentication  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the general meeting. Should a shareholder participate in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the company’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023 as of 13 November 2023 at the latest. When registering by mail or email  a proxy representative shall deliver the duly completed and signed proxy documents together with the duly completed and signed registration and advance voting form in accordance with the instructions included in the form by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to egm@innovatics.fi. When registering via the electronic registration and advance voting service on Uponor Corporation’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023  the proxy documents shall be attached to the registration. Proxy documents should be delivered before the last date for registration (28 November 2023 at 10:00 EET)  by which time the proxy documents must be received.4. Instructions for participationShareholders who have the right to participate in the general meeting may participate in the meeting remotely and exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means or by voting in advance.Shareholders may exercise their right to request information during the meeting orally by using their microphone.The general meeting may be accessed through Inderes' virtual general meeting service on Videosync platform  which includes a video and audio connection to the general meeting. The meeting platform does not require any paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for addressing the meeting. It is recommended to use the most common browsers (i.e.  Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari  or Opera). It is recommended to log in to the meeting platform well in advance of the meeting.The participation link and password for the remote participation will be sent by email and/or SMS no later than the day before the general meeting to the e-mail address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration to all those shareholders who have registered for the general meeting. Shareholders who have voted in advance can also participate in the general meeting on the platform. The votes cast in advance will be taken into account in the resolution of the general meeting  regardless of whether such shareholders participate in the general meeting remotely or not. Shareholder participating in the meeting remotely will be able to change their advance votes during the meeting  should a vote take place.For more information on the meeting platform  additional instructions for proxies representing more than one shareholder  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of possible disruptions  please visit: https://vagm.fi/support. A link to test the compatibility of your device’s network connection is found at https://demo.videosync.fi/agm-compatibility?language=en. It is recommended for the participants to familiarise themselves with the instructions for participation before the meeting.5. Advance votingRegistration for the general meeting and advance voting will begin on 13 November 2023 at 10:00 EET. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting by voting in advance  shall register for the general meeting and vote in advance no later than 28 November 2023 at 10:00 EET  by which time the registration and votes must be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth and contact details. The personal data given to Uponor Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the usage of the personal data can be found on the company’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the general meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they participate in the general meeting remotely using telecommunication connection and technical means.With regard to a holder of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for nominee-registered shares.Shareholders holding a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the general meeting between 13 November 2023 – 28 November 2023 at 10:00 EET in the following ways:a) via Uponor Corporation’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023Electronic registration and advance voting require strong authentication of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.One can register and vote in advance on behalf of another person or a company via proxy or by using the suomi.fi authorisation. If a proxy document is used  such document shall be attached to the service in connection with the registration and advance voting.Electronic registration and advance voting are considered as official participation in the general meeting.b) by mail or email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023  or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to egm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the general meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered as official participation in the general meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information required for registration set out in the registration and advance voting form.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions and the registration and advance voting form are available on the company's website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023 as of 13 November 2023 at the latest.6. Other instructions and informationThe general meeting will mainly be held in Finnish and interpreted to English. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting. Shareholders may exercise their right to request information during the meeting orally by using their microphone.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone from +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00–12:00 EET and 13:00–16:00 EET.On the date of release of this notice to the general meeting 10 November 2023  the total number of shares in Uponor Corporation is 73 206 944  each of which represents one vote. The total number of shares  on the date of the release  includes 373 685 shares held by Uponor Corporation  which do not have a voting right at the general meeting. Accordingly  the maximum total number of votes available at the general meeting amounts to 72 833 259. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of voting rights held in the general meeting.Helsinki 10 November 2023Uponor CorporationBoard of DirectorsFranciska JanzonSenior Vice President  Corporate Communications and IRTel. +358 20 129 2821DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMediawww.uponorgroup.comUponor in briefUponor is a leading global provider of solutions that efficiently and effectively move water through cities  buildings  and homes. We help customers in residential and commercial construction  municipalities  and utilities  be more productive – and continuously find new ways to conserve  manage and provide water responsibly  unlocking its potential to provide comfort  health  and efficiency. Our safe drinking water  energy-efficient radiant heating and cooling systems  and reliable infrastructure solutions are sold in more than 80 countries. Uponor employs about 3 600 professionals in 26 countries in Europe and North America. In 2022  the company’s net sales totalled approximately €1.4 billion. Uponor Corporation is based in Finland and listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. www.uponorgroup.com,neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['extraordinary General Meeting', 'Uponor Corporation', 'Notice', 'voluntary recommended public cash tender offer', 'next annual general meeting', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Georg Fischer Ltd.', 'Andreas Müller', 'César Sayegh', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'seven (7) standing members', 'one (1) Vice Chairman', 'current Board members', 'offer price', 'one (1) year', 'meeting venue', 'telecommunication connection', 'technical means', 'proxy representatives', 'combination agreement', 'other amendments', 'unofficial translation', 'information purposes', 'proper organisation', 'new Chairman', 'Mads Joergensen', 'Joost Geginat', 'Helmut Elben', 'Thomas Hary', 'Marc Lahusen', 'advance voting', 'outstanding shares', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'section C.', 'Uponor Corporation', 'shareholder rights', 'real time', 'new Board', 'remaining term', 'minimum number', 'maximum number', 'November', '17:20 EET', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Monday', 'December', '10:00 EET', 'accordance', 'company', 'articles', 'association', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'participants', '12 June', 'Offeror', 'subsidiaries', 'terms', 'conditions', '92.5 percent', 'Directors', 'request', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'person', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'amended', 'English', 'administration', 'operations', 'close', 'middle', 'duties', 'office', 'quorum', 'meetings', 'half', 'Resolution', 'remuneration', 'closing', 'commence', '6.']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,globenewswire.com
32589,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UPONOR-OYJ-1412431/news/Notice-to-the-extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Uponor-Corporation-45300201/,Notice to the extraordinary General Meeting of Uponor Corporation,(marketscreener.com) Uponor Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 November 2023 at 17:20 EET Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Uponor Corporation The shareholders of Uponor Corporation are hereby summoned to the Extraordinary General Meeting to…,Uponor Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 November 2023 at 17:20 EETNotice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Uponor CorporationThe shareholders of Uponor Corporation are hereby summoned to the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Monday  4 December 2023 at 10:00 EET. The Extraordinary General Meeting will be organised without a meeting venue remotely using telecommunication connection and technical means in real time  in accordance with Section 9 of the company’s articles of association and Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Finnish Companies Act. Instructions for participation are set out in section C. “Instructions for the participants of the general meeting” of this notice.The company's shareholders and their proxy representatives may also attend the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in section C.5 “Advance voting” of this notice.On 12 June 2023  Georg Fischer Ltd. (the “Offeror”) and Uponor Corporation entered into a combination agreement pursuant to which the Offeror made a voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares in Uponor that are not held by Uponor or any of its subsidiaries (the “Tender Offer”).On 6 November 2023  the Offeror announced that it will complete the Tender Offer in accordance with its terms and conditions. The offer price will be paid on or about 13 November 2023 to each shareholder who has validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  the Tender Offer  after which the shares held by the Offeror represent approximately 92.5 percent of all of the issued and outstanding shares in Uponor that are not held by Uponor or any of its subsidiaries.Pursuant to the combination agreement  after the Offeror has publicly confirmed that it will complete the Tender Offer  the Board of Directors of the company shall  at the Offeror’s written request  convene an Extraordinary General Meeting of the company. This notice  including the matters to be considered at the Extraordinary General Meeting  is based upon that written request by the Offeror.A. Matters on the agenda of the general meetingAt the general meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of a person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Amendment of the articles of associationIt is proposed to the general meeting that Section 4 of the company’s articles of association be amended so that the minimum number of members of the Board of Directors is three (3) and the maximum number is seven (7). No other amendments are proposed to Section 4 of the articles of association.In its amended form  Section 4 of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for information purposes only):4 § Board of DirectorsFor the administration and proper organisation of its operations  the company shall have a Board of Directors with a minimum of three (3) and maximum of seven (7) standing members. The members of the Board of Directors shall be elected by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders for a term of one (1) year at a time. The term of the Board members shall expire at the close of the Annual General Meeting electing the new Board of Directors.The Board of Directors shall appoint one (1) Vice Chairman from among its members for a term of one (1) year at a time. If the Chairman of the Board of Directors resigns in the middle of his/her term or is permanently unable to carry out his/her duties  the Board of Directors may elect a new Chairman from among its members for the remaining term of office.A quorum is present at the meetings of the Board of Directors when more than half of the members are in attendance.7. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the general meeting that no remuneration be paid to the members of the Board of Directors.8. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the general meeting that the number of Board members shall be seven (7).9. Election of the members and chair of the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed to the general meeting that Andreas Müller  Mads Joergensen  Joost Geginat  Helmut Elben  Thomas Hary  César Sayegh and Marc Lahusen be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term of office commencing at the closing of the Extraordinary General Meeting and ending at the closing of the next annual general meeting. The term of office of Uponor Corporation’s current Board members would end upon the commence of the term of the above-mentioned Board members.It is further proposed to the general meeting that Andreas Müller be elected as Chair of the Board of Directors for the term ending at the closing of the next annual general meeting.Each of the proposed members of the Board of Directors is independent of Uponor  but is not independent of significant shareholders of Uponor. Each of the proposed members of the Board of Directors is a permanent resident of Switzerland expect for Andreas Müller who is a permanent resident of Germany.10. Resolution on the abolition of the Nomination BoardUponor Corporation has a permanent Shareholders’ Nomination Board (the “Nomination Board”)  which has been established by its Annual General Meeting in March 2012.It is proposed to the general meeting that it resolves that the Nomination Board is abolished so that the resolution would become effective immediately upon having been taken by the Extraordinary General Meeting.11. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThis notice which includes the resolution proposals relating to the agenda of the general meeting is available on Uponor Corporation’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023. Copies of these documents will be sent to a shareholder upon request. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the company's website no later than 18 December 2023.No separate invitation to the Extraordinary General Meeting will be sent.C. Instructions for the participants of the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder  who on the record date of the general meeting  22 November 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the general meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Registration and advance voting will begin on 13 November 2023 at 10:00 EET. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 28 November 2023 at 10:00 EET  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made:via Uponor Corporation’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023    by email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website  or corresponding information to egm@innovatics.fi  orby mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website  or corresponding information addressed to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth and contact details. The personal data given to Uponor Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the usage of the personal data can be found on the company’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of any shares that would entitle him/her to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting  i.e.  22 November 2023. The right to participate in the general meeting also requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been registered in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 29 November 2023 at 10:00 EET. This constitutes the required registration for the general meeting for nominee-registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request from his/her custodian bank  well in advance  any necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  as well as the registration and advance voting for the general meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company by the above-mentioned date at the latest  i.e.  29 November 2023 at 10:00 EET  and  if needed  to arrange for advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the general meeting through his/her custodian bank may also participate in the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means in real time as described below in section C.4 “Instructions for participation” of this notice. To participate in the meeting remotely  the shareholder is also required to submit his/her email address and telephone number and  in case the shareholder is represented by a proxy representative  a proxy document or other similar documentation necessary to prove the right of representation. Such personal details and documentation may be submitted by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to egm@innovatics.fi before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended so that a participation link and password to participate in the meeting can be sent to the holder of nominee-registered shares. If a holder of nominee-registered shares has authorised their custodian bank to vote in advance on their behalf  such advance votes will be taken into account as advance votes of the nominee-registered shareholder at the general meeting  unless the holder of nominee-registered shares votes otherwise at the meeting.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong authentication  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the general meeting. Should a shareholder participate in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the company’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023 as of 13 November 2023 at the latest. When registering by mail or email  a proxy representative shall deliver the duly completed and signed proxy documents together with the duly completed and signed registration and advance voting form in accordance with the instructions included in the form by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to egm@innovatics.fi. When registering via the electronic registration and advance voting service on Uponor Corporation’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023  the proxy documents shall be attached to the registration. Proxy documents should be delivered before the last date for registration (28 November 2023 at 10:00 EET)  by which time the proxy documents must be received.4. Instructions for participationShareholders who have the right to participate in the general meeting may participate in the meeting remotely and exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means or by voting in advance.Shareholders may exercise their right to request information during the meeting orally by using their microphone.The general meeting may be accessed through Inderes' virtual general meeting service on Videosync platform  which includes a video and audio connection to the general meeting. The meeting platform does not require any paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for addressing the meeting. It is recommended to use the most common browsers (i.e.  Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari  or Opera). It is recommended to log in to the meeting platform well in advance of the meeting.The participation link and password for the remote participation will be sent by email and/or SMS no later than the day before the general meeting to the e-mail address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration to all those shareholders who have registered for the general meeting. Shareholders who have voted in advance can also participate in the general meeting on the platform. The votes cast in advance will be taken into account in the resolution of the general meeting  regardless of whether such shareholders participate in the general meeting remotely or not. Shareholder participating in the meeting remotely will be able to change their advance votes during the meeting  should a vote take place.For more information on the meeting platform  additional instructions for proxies representing more than one shareholder  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of possible disruptions  please visit: https://vagm.fi/support. A link to test the compatibility of your device’s network connection is found at https://demo.videosync.fi/agm-compatibility?language=en. It is recommended for the participants to familiarise themselves with the instructions for participation before the meeting.5. Advance votingRegistration for the general meeting and advance voting will begin on 13 November 2023 at 10:00 EET. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting by voting in advance  shall register for the general meeting and vote in advance no later than 28 November 2023 at 10:00 EET  by which time the registration and votes must be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth and contact details. The personal data given to Uponor Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the usage of the personal data can be found on the company’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the general meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they participate in the general meeting remotely using telecommunication connection and technical means.With regard to a holder of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for nominee-registered shares.Shareholders holding a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the general meeting between 13 November 2023 – 28 November 2023 at 10:00 EET in the following ways:a) via Uponor Corporation’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023Electronic registration and advance voting require strong authentication of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.One can register and vote in advance on behalf of another person or a company via proxy or by using the suomi.fi authorisation. If a proxy document is used  such document shall be attached to the service in connection with the registration and advance voting.Electronic registration and advance voting are considered as official participation in the general meeting.b) by mail or email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023  or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Uponor Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to egm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the general meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered as official participation in the general meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information required for registration set out in the registration and advance voting form.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions and the registration and advance voting form are available on the company's website at https://www.uponorgroup.com/en-en/investors/governance/egm-2023 as of 13 November 2023 at the latest.6. Other instructions and informationThe general meeting will mainly be held in Finnish and interpreted to English. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting. Shareholders may exercise their right to request information during the meeting orally by using their microphone.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone from +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00–12:00 EET and 13:00–16:00 EET.On the date of release of this notice to the general meeting 10 November 2023  the total number of shares in Uponor Corporation is 73 206 944  each of which represents one vote. The total number of shares  on the date of the release  includes 373 685 shares held by Uponor Corporation  which do not have a voting right at the general meeting. Accordingly  the maximum total number of votes available at the general meeting amounts to 72 833 259. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not affect the right to participate in the general meeting or the number of voting rights held in the general meeting.Helsinki 10 November 2023Uponor CorporationBoard of DirectorsFranciska JanzonSenior Vice President  Corporate Communications and IRTel. +358 20 129 2821DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMediawww.uponorgroup.comUponor in briefUponor is a leading global provider of solutions that efficiently and effectively move water through cities  buildings  and homes. We help customers in residential and commercial construction  municipalities  and utilities  be more productive – and continuously find new ways to conserve  manage and provide water responsibly  unlocking its potential to provide comfort  health  and efficiency. Our safe drinking water  energy-efficient radiant heating and cooling systems  and reliable infrastructure solutions are sold in more than 80 countries. Uponor employs about 3 600 professionals in 26 countries in Europe and North America. In 2022  the company’s net sales totalled approximately €1.4 billion. Uponor Corporation is based in Finland and listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. www.uponorgroup.com,neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['extraordinary General Meeting', 'Uponor Corporation', 'Notice', 'voluntary recommended public cash tender offer', 'next annual general meeting', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Georg Fischer Ltd.', 'Andreas Müller', 'César Sayegh', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'seven (7) standing members', 'one (1) Vice Chairman', 'current Board members', 'offer price', 'one (1) year', 'meeting venue', 'telecommunication connection', 'technical means', 'proxy representatives', 'combination agreement', 'other amendments', 'unofficial translation', 'information purposes', 'proper organisation', 'new Chairman', 'Mads Joergensen', 'Joost Geginat', 'Helmut Elben', 'Thomas Hary', 'Marc Lahusen', 'advance voting', 'outstanding shares', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'section C.', 'Uponor Corporation', 'shareholder rights', 'real time', 'new Board', 'remaining term', 'minimum number', 'maximum number', 'November', '17:20 EET', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Monday', 'December', '10:00 EET', 'accordance', 'company', 'articles', 'association', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'participants', '12 June', 'Offeror', 'subsidiaries', 'terms', 'conditions', '92.5 percent', 'Directors', 'request', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'person', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'amended', 'English', 'administration', 'operations', 'close', 'middle', 'duties', 'office', 'quorum', 'meetings', 'half', 'Resolution', 'remuneration', 'closing', 'commence', '6.']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32590,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/putin-offers-way-for-russians-to-swap-frozen-assets-187741,Putin offers way for Russians to 'swap' frozen assets,"President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on Nov. 8 offering a way for Russian investors to ""swap"" their frozen assets abroad with the frozen assets of foreign companies in Russia.","Putin offers way for Russians to 'swap' frozen assetsMOSCOWPresident Vladimir Putin signed a decree on Nov. 8 offering a way for Russian investors to ""swap"" their frozen assets abroad with the frozen assets of foreign companies in Russia.Since the conflict in Ukraine  Western countries have introduced a barrage of sanctions against Moscow  blocking its banks from making international payments and freezing Russian assets abroad.According to the Kremlin  more than $16 billion worth of foreign investments belonging to Russian citizens are now stuck abroad.In response  Russia locked some assets belonging to foreign investors and companies in its country in so-called ""Type-C"" accounts.According to the decree  Russian residents will be able to exchange their blocked assets abroad up to a value of 100 000 rubles (around $1 000) with funds from these accounts using a voluntary mechanism.The owner of the Type-C account  which is nominally a foreign company  will then have the option of receiving the foreign share previously owned by the Russian investor abroad.But there is no guarantee that foreign clearing houses Euroclear or Clearstream  which handle the exchange of shares  will co-operate.Since the conflict in Ukraine began in February last year  dozens of Western companies have pulled out of Russia or sold their assets there to avoid falling foul of sanctions.The Kremlin has made it difficult for foreign companies to make money on their sales  and in some cases has moved to take control of a company outright.In July  Russia took control of the Russian subsidiaries of French yoghurt maker Danone and beer company Carlsberg  months after doing the same to Germany's Uniper and Finland's Fortum.Meanwhile  The European subsidiary of Russia's VTB is changing its name after its parent refused to allow it to operate under the brand  an executive has said.The Frankfurt-based bank  already ring-fenced by regulators due to sanctions and in liquidation since last year  will from now on be known as OWH SE  said Frank Hellwig  the chief executive officer of VTB's Europe hub.Before Russia invaded Ukraine  VTB in Europe attracted tens of thousands of German savers with its relatively high interest rates and marketed itself as a sponsor of Frankfurt's ice hockey team  the Lions.But after the war began  savers withdrew their money  resulting in a bank run and prompting regulators to manage the outflow. They took control in April 2022 after sanctions were imposed and the bank was cordoned off from Russia.VTB still officially owns the European subsidiary  and Hellwig said he contacted the bank's Russia headquarters to get permission to continue under the name while a licensing agreement ran its course.",neutral,0.05,0.78,0.17,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['frozen assets', 'Putin', 'way', 'Russians', 'French yoghurt maker', 'high interest rates', 'ice hockey team', 'foreign clearing houses', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'chief executive officer', 'The European subsidiary', 'foreign investments', 'foreign investors', 'foreign share', 'Russian investors', 'Western countries', 'international payments', '$16 billion worth', 'Russian citizens', 'Russian residents', 'voluntary mechanism', 'Type-C account', 'The Kremlin', 'Russian subsidiaries', 'last year', 'OWH SE', 'licensing agreement', 'foreign companies', 'foreign company', 'Western companies', 'beer company', 'frozen assets', 'Russian assets', 'Type-C"" accounts', 'Frankfurt-based bank', 'Frank Hellwig', 'Europe hub', 'German savers', 'bank run', 'Russia headquarters', 'way', 'Russians', 'MOSCOW', 'decree', 'Nov.', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'barrage', 'sanctions', 'banks', 'response', 'country', 'value', '100,000 rubles', 'funds', 'owner', 'option', 'guarantee', 'Clearstream', 'exchange', 'shares', 'February', 'dozens', 'foul', 'money', 'sales', 'cases', 'control', 'July', 'Danone', 'Carlsberg', 'Germany', 'Uniper', 'Finland', 'Fortum', 'VTB', 'name', 'parent', 'brand', 'regulators', 'liquidation', 'tens', 'thousands', 'sponsor', 'Lions', 'war', 'outflow', 'April', 'permission', 'course']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,hurriyetdailynews.com
32591,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Goldman-Sachs-remains-Neutral-45295677/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Goldman Sachs remains Neutral -November 10  2023 at 02:41 am EST,(marketscreener.com) In a research note  Goldman Sachs analyst Oliver Carruthers has maintained his recommendation on the stock with a Neutral rating. The target price has been raised to EUR 205 from EUR 195.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Goldman Sachs', 'November', '02', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32592,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENJAMIN-HILL-MINING-CORP-44995177/news/Benjamin-Hill-Announces-Frankfurt-Stock-Exchange-Listing-45298821/,Benjamin Hill Announces Frankfurt Stock Exchange Listing,"(marketscreener.com) Benjamin Hill Mining Corp. is pleased to announce the listing of its common shares on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the trading symbol ""5YZ0"" .""As one of the world's leading stock exchanges  the Frankfurt listing will give Benjamin H…","Vancouver  British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - November 10  2023) - Benjamin Hill Mining Corp. (CSE: BNN) (OTCQB: BNNHF) (FSE: 5YZ0) (""Company"") is pleased to announce the listing of its common shares on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (""FSE"") under the trading symbol ""5YZ0"" (ISIN: CA08208P1071 | WKN: A3CNQU).""As one of the world's leading stock exchanges  the Frankfurt listing will give Benjamin Hill the ability to expand its global reach and heighten awareness in the active European investor market "" states Cole McClay  CEO and Director.The FSE is one of the world's largest international trading centers for securities. Operated by the Deutsche Boerse AG  FSE  is the largest of Germany's seven stock exchanges  and is responsible for approximately 90 percent of all securities traded in Germany. The FSE facilitates advanced electronic trading  settlement and information systems and enables cross-border trading for international investors.The Company's shares are also cross listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE: BNN)  the OTCQB Venture Market in the United States (OTCQB: BNNHF).About Benjamin Hill Mining Corp.Benjamin Hill Mining Corp. is a Canadian-listed junior gold exploration company focused on exploring and developing The Alotta project in Canadian Yukon Territory. The Alotta project is a porphyry copper-gold-molybdenum prospect  located 50 km south of the Casino porphyry deposit in the unglaciated portion of the Dawson Range porphyry/epithermal belt.On behalf of the Board of Directors""Cole McClay""  CEO Benjamin Hill Mining Corp.info@benjaminhillmining.comForward Looking StatementsCertain of the statements made and information contained herein may contain forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to  information concerning the Company's intentions with respect to the development of its mineral properties. Forward-looking information is based on the views  opinions  intentions and estimates of management at the date the information is made  and is based on a number of assumptions and subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in the forward-looking information (including the actions of other parties who have agreed to do certain things and the approval of certain regulatory bodies). Many of these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company and there is no assurance they will prove to be correct. There can be no assurance that forward-looking information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking information if circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change except as required by applicable securities laws  or to comment on analyses  expectations or statements made by third parties in respect of the Company  its financial or operating results or its securities. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. We seek safe harbor.To view the source version of this press release  please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/187000",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Frankfurt Stock Exchange Listing', 'Benjamin Hill', 'Canadian-listed junior gold exploration company', 'CEO Benjamin Hill Mining Corp.', 'Dawson Range porphyry/epithermal belt', 'active European investor market', 'largest international trading centers', 'applicable Canadian securities laws', 'Canadian Yukon Territory', 'applicable securities laws', 'leading stock exchanges', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'seven stock exchanges', 'porphyry copper-gold-molybdenum prospect', 'Casino porphyry deposit', 'advanced electronic trading', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'The Alotta project', 'OTCQB Venture Market', 'Newsfile Corp.', 'international investors', 'trading symbol', 'cross-border trading', 'British Columbia', 'Frankfurt listing', 'global reach', 'Cole McClay', 'United States', 'unglaciated portion', 'mineral properties', 'other parties', 'regulatory bodies', 'third parties', 'undue reliance', 'safe harbor', 'source version', 'press release', 'information systems', 'forward-looking information', 'actual events', 'actual results', 'future events', 'operating results', 'The FSE', 'common shares', 'other factors', 'Vancouver', 'November', 'CSE', 'BNN', '5YZ', 'ISIN', 'WKN', 'A3CNQU', 'world', 'ability', 'awareness', 'Director', 'Germany', '90 percent', 'settlement', 'behalf', 'Board', 'benjaminhillmining', 'Statements', 'meaning', 'intentions', 'respect', 'development', 'views', 'opinions', 'estimates', 'management', 'date', 'number', 'assumptions', 'variety', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'actions', 'things', 'approval', 'control', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'analyses', 'expectations', 'financial', 'reader', 'newsfilecorp']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32593,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/10/2778079/0/en/Vantiva-Status-update-on-CommScope-s-Home-networks-acquisition.html,Vantiva: Status update on CommScope’s Home networks acquisition,Press Release      Status update on CommScope’s Home Networks acquisition  Paris – November 10th  2023 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)   On October...,"Press ReleaseStatus update on CommScope’s Home Networks acquisitionParis – November 10th  2023 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI) On October 3  2023  Vantiva announced that it had reached an agreement with CommScope to acquire its Home Networks business  in exchange for a 25% stake in Vantiva.CommScope will reinvest the entire acquisition price in a reserved capital increase giving it the right to a 25% stake in Vantiva (post-capital increase)1. To this end  the company has today published the draft resolutions in the BALO.Vantiva points out that  from the parties' point of view  the value of the transaction lies primarily in the realization of future synergies made possible by the combination of the Home Networks business with Vantiva. The integration of the acquired businesses should lead to additional financing requirements before the benefits of the synergies. As a result  the company plans to meet these new needs notably by extending its existing credit lines to the combined perimeter  and by optimizing the acquired working capital. The company is therefore confident in its ability to meet the liquidity needs resulting from the transaction over the next twelve months.For the purposes of the transaction  Vantiva and CommScope have assumed a value of 88 million euros for the assets acquired  based mainly on discounted cash flows. This valuation and the exchange ratio will be the subject of a fairness opinion by RSM  acting as an independent expert. This will be made available on the Vantiva website prior to the Annual General Meeting.The valuation of the acquired assets adopted for the purposes of the transaction results in a unit issue price for Vantiva shares of sixty-five euro cents (€0.65) (including share premium). This valuation should not be used to draw conclusions concerning the evolution of Vantiva’s share price.###Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Vantiva’s filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement universel) has been filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 26  2023  under number D-23-0337.###About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsVantiva Investor Relations Image 7 for Vantiva – Corporateinvestor.relations@vantiva.com vantiva.press@image7.fr1 CommScope' s subscription to the reserved capital increase will be by way of debt set-off.Attachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.02,0.33,0.65,True,English,"['Home networks acquisition', 'Status update', 'Vantiva', 'CommScope', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Vantiva Investor Relations Image', 'additional financing requirements', 'existing credit lines', 'next twelve months', 'discounted cash flows', 'Annual General Meeting', 'sixty-five euro cents', 'global technology leader', 'other smart spaces', 'supply chain performance', 'various vertical industries', 'network service providers', 'video game creators', 'entire acquisition price', 'unit issue price', 'Home Networks acquisition', 'Home Networks business', 'corporate social responsibility', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'reserved capital increase', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Forward Looking Statements', 'Corporate investor', 'share price', 'post-capital increase', 'working capital', 'Press Release', 'Status update', 'November 10th', 'draft resolutions', ""parties' point"", 'new needs', 'liquidity needs', '88 million euros', 'fairness opinion', 'independent expert', 'share premium', 'future events', 'current facts', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'future results', 'complete list', 'regulated market', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'software companies', 'entertainment industry', 'highest standards', 'debt set-off', 'Euronext Paris', 'future synergies', 'exchange ratio', 'Vantiva website', 'Vantiva shares', 'independent company', 'end solutions', 'CommScope', 'October', 'agreement', '25% stake', 'right', 'BALO', 'view', 'value', 'transaction', 'realization', 'combination', 'integration', 'businesses', 'benefits', 'perimeter', 'ability', 'purposes', 'assets', 'valuation', 'subject', 'RSM', 'conclusions', 'evolution', 'Warning', 'predictions', 'trends', 'plans', 'objectives', 'assumptions', 'historical', 'management', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'description', 'filings', 'AMF', 'April', 'Edge', 'Technicolor', 'France', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'operations', 'Americas', 'EMEA', '25 years', 'group', 'relationships', 'film', '100 years', 'clients', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'subscription', 'way', 'Attachment']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,globenewswire.com
32594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IMPIANTI-S-P-A-148161348/news/Impianti-appoints-MIT-SIM-as-specialist-operator-45301906/,Impianti appoints MIT SIM as specialist operator,(marketscreener.com) Impianti Spa announced Friday that it has appointed MIT SIM Spa as operator specialist. MIT SIM will take over from Integrae SIM Spa on Dec. 14  with the latter still remaining Euronext Growth Advisor to the company. Impianti's stock clos…,(Alliance News) - Impianti Spa announced Friday that it has appointed MIT SIM Spa as operator specialist.MIT SIM will take over from Integrae SIM Spa on Dec. 14  with the latter still remaining Euronext Growth Advisor to the company.Impianti's stock closed Friday down 6.4 percent at EUR0.43 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.87,0.08,True,English,"['MIT SIM', 'specialist operator', 'Impianti', 'Copyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'Integrae SIM Spa', 'MIT SIM Spa', 'Impianti Spa', 'operator specialist', 'Dec.', 'company', 'stock', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'alliancenews', 'rights']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/10/2778326/0/en/Deutsche-Bank-ADR-Investor-Conference-Presentations-Now-Available-for-Online-Viewing.html,Deutsche Bank ADR Investor Conference: Presentations Now Available for Online Viewing,Company Executives Share Vision and Answer Questions at VirtualInvestorConferences.com Company Executives Share Vision and Answer Questions at VirtualInvestorConferences.com,NEW YORK  Nov. 10  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Virtual Investor Conferences  the leading proprietary investor conference series  today announced the presentations from the Deutsche Bank Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference (“dbVIC”) held on November 8th and 9th are now available for online viewing.REGISTER NOW AT: https://bit.ly/3SyFOaqThe company presentations will be available 24/7 for 90 days.November 8thPresentation Ticker(s) Hywin Holdings Ltd. Nasdaq: HYW European Metals Holding Limited ASX & LON: EMH  OTCQX: ERPNF  OTC: EMHXY Ipsen S.A. Ltd. Euronext Paris: IPN  OTC: IPSEY Heineken N.V. Euronext Amsterdam: HEIA  OTCQX: HEINY First Pacific Company Ltd. HKEX: 142  OTC: FPAFY QBE Insurance Group Limited ASX: QBE  OTC: QBIEY Belite Bio  Inc Nasdaq: BLTENovember 9thPresentation Ticker(s) iHuman Inc. NYSE: IH HUTCHMED (China) Limited HKEX: 13  Nasdaq & AIM: ​HCM BDO Unibank  Inc. PSE: BDO  OTC: BDOUY Alpha Bank ATHEX: ALPHA  OTC: ALBKY Hugo Boss Xetra: BOSS  OTC: BOSSYThe company presentations will be available 24/7 for 90 days. Investors  advisors  and analysts may download investor materials from the company’s resource section.To facilitate investor relations scheduling and to view a complete calendar of Virtual Investor Conferences  please visit www.virtualinvestorconferences.com.About Virtual Investor Conferences®Virtual Investor Conferences (VIC) is the leading proprietary investor conference series that provides an interactive forum for publicly traded companies to seamlessly present directly to investors.Providing a real-time investor engagement solution  VIC is specifically designed to offer companies more efficient investor access. Replicating the components of an on-site investor conference  VIC offers companies enhanced capabilities to connect with investors  schedule targeted one-on-one meetings and enhance their presentations with dynamic video content. Accelerating the next level of investor engagement  Virtual Investor Conferences delivers leading investor communications to a global network of retail and institutional investors.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank ADR Investor Conference', 'Online Viewing', 'Presentations', 'Deutsche Bank Depositary Receipts Virtual Investor Conference', 'HYW European Metals Holding Limited ASX', 'IPSEY Heineken N.V. Euronext Amsterdam', 'FPAFY QBE Insurance Group Limited ASX', 'EMHXY Ipsen S.A. Ltd', 'leading proprietary investor conference series', 'HEINY First Pacific Company Ltd', 'BDOUY Alpha Bank ATHEX', 'ALBKY Hugo Boss Xetra', 'real-time investor engagement solution', 'leading investor communications', 'Hywin Holdings Ltd', 'Virtual Investor Conferences', 'investor relations scheduling', 'efficient investor access', 'QBIEY Belite Bio', 'iHuman Inc. NYSE', 'dynamic video content', '\u200bHCM BDO Unibank', 'Limited HKEX', 'Euronext Paris', 'investor materials', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'online viewing', 'company presentations', 'Presentation Ticker', 'IH HUTCHMED', 'resource section', 'complete calendar', 'interactive forum', 'enhanced capabilities', 'one meetings', 'next level', 'global network', 'November 8th', 'institutional investors', 'dbVIC', 'REGISTER', 'SyFOaq', '90 days', 'Nasdaq', 'LON', 'OTCQX', 'ERPNF', 'IPN', 'HEIA', 'BLTE', '9th', 'China', 'AIM', 'BOSSY', 'advisors', 'analysts', 'virtualinvestorconferences', 'companies', 'components', 'site', 'retail']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,globenewswire.com
32596,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/10/2778039/0/en/Valneva-Announces-U-S-FDA-Approval-of-World-s-First-Chikungunya-Vaccine-IXCHIQ.html,Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ®,Saint-Herblain (France)  November 10  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved IXCHIQ®  Valneva’s single-dose  live-attenuated vaccine ind…,"Saint-Herblain (France)  November 10  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved IXCHIQ®  Valneva’s single-dose  live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on anti-CHIKV neutralizing antibody titers. Continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.The Company will hold an analyst call and a webcast at 3:00pm CET or 9:00am EDT on Monday  November 13  2023. The link will be available on the Company’s investor page. Please refer to this link Investors - Valneva.As sponsor of the first chikungunya vaccine approved in the U.S.  Valneva has received a Priority Review Voucher (PRV) from the FDA  which it intends to monetize to help finance its research and development (R&D) programs.With this U.S. approval  IXCHIQ® becomes the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this unmet medical need and the third vaccine Valneva1 has brought from early R&D to approval. Valneva reported final pivotal Phase 3 data for the vaccine in March 2022 showing a 98.9% seroresponse rate at 28 days with a single vaccination2 and final lot-to-lot consistency results in May 20223. IXCHIQ®-induced seroresponse was sustained over time with a 96.3% seroresponse rate six months post-vaccination2. Valneva will continue to evaluate antibody persistence for at least five years4. The Company’s pivotal Phase 3 results were published in the Lancet in June 2023.Every year  more than 60 million Americans travel to countries where mosquito-borne diseases are endemic5. Initially addressing the potential needs of U.S. travelers  IXCHIQ® fits seamlessly into Valneva’s global established travel vaccines business  which includes vaccines against Japanese encephalitis and cholera/ETEC6  leveraging Valneva’s existing commercial and industrial infrastructure  which has been augmented with this newest product.Valneva plans to begin commercializing IXCHIQ® in the U.S. early next year while continuing to support the work towards an anticipated vote from the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) at the end of February 2024.Thomas Lingelbach  Chief Executive Officer of Valneva  said  “As a leading specialty vaccines company  we aim to deliver vaccines in areas of unmet medical need supporting our vision to contribute to a world in which no one dies or suffers from a vaccine preventable disease. As such  today marks an important step forward in the prevention of chikungunya. I would like to personally express a huge thank you to everyone who helped make this possible. I would also like to recognize CEPI and Instituto Butantan for their collaboration in potentially bringing this product to low- and middle-income countries.”Dr. Richard Hatchett  Chief Executive Officer of the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI)  commented  “The first-ever licensed chikungunya vaccine will play a crucial role in preventing the suffering caused by this debilitating disease. Climate change is intensifying the threat posed by chikungunya  which means safe and effective vaccines are needed now more than ever before. Through our partnership with Valneva and Instituto Butantan  CEPI – with support from the EU – will help to make this vaccine accessible to the people most affected by the virus in low- and middle-income countries. I am proud of our contribution and congratulate our partner Valneva on this historic achievement.”Juan Carlos Jaramillo M.D.  Chief Medical Officer of Valneva  added  “Today  it is estimated that more than 75% of the world's population lives in areas at risk of CHIKV transmission due to factors such as global warming and climate change7. Chikungunya has already spread to over 110 countries and is currently regarded as one of the most likely viral infections to emerge in new geographic areas. Morbidity is high with 43% of CHIKV patients suffering from chronic chikungunya where joint pain  fatigue  and potentially debilitating effects may last from months to years and can have substantial impact on daily activities7 8. As we are introducing IXCHIQ®  our objective is to make this vaccine available to the largest number of people that will benefit from it.”Earlier this year  the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO) issued an epidemiological alert as the number of cases and deaths due to chikungunya continues to rise in the Americas9. Modeling now shows the problem may only worsen due to climate change. As the Earth’s temperature continues to rise  vector habitats are likely to expand  which poses an immediate risk of outbreaks in warmer areas of the United States and Europe10.A clinical study in adolescents  aged 12 to 17 years  is ongoing in Brazil11 as part of an agreement signed between Instituto Butantan and Valneva in January 202112 to make the vaccine more accessible to Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMIC). The study  funded by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI)  may support future regulatory submissions in this age group as well as licensure of the vaccine in Brazil  which would be the first potential approval for use in an endemic region.The study is also expected to support regulatory approval in Europe. Initial safety data from this trial were included in the submission to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in October 202313. The vaccine was granted PRIority MEdicine (PRIME) designation by EMA in 2020. A regulatory review is currently also underway with Health Canada.About ChikungunyaChikungunya is a mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  a Togaviridae virus  transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes. Infection leads to symptomatic disease in up to 97% of humans after four to seven days following the mosquito bite14. While mortality with CHIKV is low  morbidity is high  and the global market for vaccines against chikungunya is estimated to exceed $500 million annually by 203215. Clinical symptoms include acute onset of fever  debilitating joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  rash and chronic arthralgia. Chikungunya virus often causes sudden large outbreaks with high attack rates  affecting one-third to three-quarters of the population in areas where the virus is circulating. The high-risk areas of infection for travelers are places where chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos are endemic  including the Americas  parts of Africa  and Southeast Asia  and the virus has spread to more than 110 countries16. Between 2013 and 2023  more than 3.7 million cases were reported in the Americas17 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow as the CHIKV primary mosquito vectors continue to spread geographically. Before IXCHIQ®  there were no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  chikungunya is considered to be a major public health threat.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.IXCHIQ® (chikungunya virus  live) Solution for Intramuscular InjectionIndicationIXCHIQ® is a vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on anti-CHIKV neutralizing antibody titers. Continued approval for this vaccine is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION ABOUT IXCHIQ® – Please consult the full prescribing information for all the labeled safety information.ContraindicationsIXCHIQ® should not be given to individuals who have a weakened immune system due to medications used for hematologic and solid tumors  on chemotherapy  history of congenital immunodeficiency  long-term immunosuppressive therapy  or patients with HIV infection who are severely immunocompromised.Individuals with a history of a severe allergic reaction to any component of the vaccine.WarningsAppropriate medical treatment used to manage immediate allergic reactions must be available in the event an acute anaphylactic reaction following administration of IXCHIQ® or any vaccine.Vaccination with IXCHIQ® may cause severe or prolonged chikungunya-like adverse reactions. Severe chikungunya-like adverse reactions that prevented daily activity and/or required medical intervention occurred in 1.6% of 3 082 IXCHIQ® recipients and no placebo recipients. Fourteen IXCHIQ® recipients had prolonged (duration at least 30 days) chikungunya-like adverse reactions.Infection of pregnant individuals with wild-type chikungunya virus can result in intra-partum transmission and potentially fatal neonatal complications. IXCHIQ® should be administered during pregnancy only after an individual risk-benefit assessment  considering maternal risk of chikungunya infection and gestational age.Fainting can occur with administration of IXCHIQ®. Procedures should be in place to avoid injury from fainting.IXCHIQ® may not protect all individuals who receive the vaccine.Adverse ReactionsThe most common injection site reaction (>10%) was tenderness (11%) and the most common systemic adverse reactions (>10%) were headache (31%)  fatigue (29%)  myalgia (24%)  arthralgia (17%)  fever (13%) and nausea (11%).Use in Specific PopulationsPregnancyThere are no adequate and well-controlled studies of IXCHIQ® in pregnant individuals  and human data available from clinical trials with IXCHIQ® are insufficient to establish the presence or absence of vaccine-associated risk during pregnancy.Please click here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market two proprietary travel vaccines as well as certain third-party vaccines leveraging our established commercial infrastructure.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  potentially the world’s first vaccine against the chikungunya virus  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 This statement refers to Valneva and its predecessor Intercell2 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate3 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate4 Valneva Reports Positive 12-Month Antibody Persistence Data for Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate5 https://www.trade.gov/feature-article/us-citizen-international-outbound-travel-six-percent-20186 Indications differ by country – Please refer to Product / Prescribing Information (PI) / Medication Guide approved in your respective countries for complete information  incl. dosing  safety and age groups in which this vaccine is licensed; ETEC = Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (E. Coli) bacterium7 Puntasecca CJ  King CH  LaBeaud AD. ""Measuring the global burden of chikungunya and Zika viruses: A systematic review."" PLOS Negl Trop Dis 15  no. 3 (2021): e0009055.8 Paixão  E. S.  Rodrigues  L. C.  Costa  M.  Itaparica  M.  Barreto  F.  Gérardin  P.  & Teixeira  M. G. ""Chikungunya chronic disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis."" Transactions of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene 7  no. 112 (2018): 301-3169 Pan American Health Organization / World Health Organization. Epidemiological Alert: Chikungunya increase in the Region of the Americas. 13 February 2023  Washington  D.C. PAHO / WHO. 2023 https://www.paho.org/en/documents/epidemiological-alert-chikungunya-increase-region-americas accessed August 202310 Rocklöv  J.  Dubrow  R. Climate change: an enduring challenge for vector-borne disease prevention and control. Nat Immunol 21  479–483 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41590-020-0648-y11 Valneva Announces Initiation of Adolescent Phase 3 Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate – Valneva12 Valneva and Instituto Butantan Sign Final Agreement on Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine for Low and Middle Income Countries13 Valneva Submits Chikungunya Vaccine Marketing Application to EMA and Announces CHMP Accelerated Assessment14 Staples  J.E. Hills  S.L. Powers  A.M. ""Chikungunya."" In CDC Yellow Book 2020: Health Information for International Travel  by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. New York: Oxford University Press  202015 VacZine Analytics Chikungunya virus vaccines Global demand analysis. February 202016 https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/chikungunya17 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas (Cumulative Cases 2018-2023 and Cases per year 2013-2017). https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 01 Aug 2023.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.19,0.4,True,English,"['U.S. FDA Approval', 'First Chikungunya Vaccine', 'Valneva', 'World', 'IXCHIQ®', 'Juan Carlos Jaramillo M.D.', 'Pan American Health Organization', 'anti-CHIKV neutralizing antibody titers', 'final pivotal Phase 3 data', 'first-ever licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'first licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'leading specialty vaccines company', 'pivotal Phase 3 results', 'R&D) programs', 'early R&D', 'Priority Review Voucher', 'unmet medical need', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dr. Richard Hatchett', 'Epidemic Preparedness Innovations', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'single-dose, live-attenuated vaccine', 'lot consistency results', 'specialty vaccine company', 'U.S. Food', 'U.S. travelers', 'travel vaccines business', 'first chikungunya vaccine', 'new geographic areas', 'vaccine preventable disease', 'U.S. approval', 'IXCHIQ®-induced seroresponse', 'final lot', 'antibody persistence', 'third vaccine', 'The Company', '98.9% seroresponse rate', '96.3% seroresponse rate', 'effective vaccines', 'chronic chikungunya', 'Euronext Paris', 'Drug Administration', 'accelerated approval', 'Continued approval', 'clinical benefit', 'confirmatory studies', 'analyst call', 'investor page', 'single vaccination2', '60 million Americans', 'mosquito-borne diseases', 'potential needs', 'Japanese encephalitis', 'existing commercial', 'industrial infrastructure', 'Advisory Committee', 'Immunization Practices', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'important step', 'huge thank', 'Instituto Butantan', 'crucial role', 'debilitating disease', 'Climate change', 'historic achievement', 'viral infections', 'joint pain', 'debilitating effects', 'substantial impact', 'daily activities', 'epidemiological alert', 'vector habitats', 'United States', 'clinical study', 'warmer areas', 'chikungunya virus', 'five years', 'newest product', 'middle-income countries', 'CHIKV transmission', 'global warming', 'CHIKV patients', 'largest number', 'to 17 years', 'immediate risk', 'Valneva SE', '18 years', 'CHIKV.', '110 countries', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'FDA', 'prevention', 'individuals', 'exposure', 'indication', 'verification', 'webcast', '3:00pm', '9:00am', 'Monday', 'link', 'Investors', 'sponsor', 'PRV', 'research', 'development', 'world', 'Valneva1', 'March', '28 days', 'May', 'time', 'Lancet', 'June', 'cholera/ETEC', 'work', 'vote', 'ACIP', 'end', 'February', 'vision', 'everyone', 'CEPI', 'collaboration', 'Coalition', 'suffering', 'threat', 'safe', 'partnership', 'support', 'people', 'contribution', 'population', 'factors', 'Morbidity', 'fatigue', 'months', 'objective', 'PAHO', 'cases', 'deaths', 'Americas', 'Modeling', 'problem', 'Earth', 'temperature', 'outbreaks', 'Europe', 'adolescents', 'Brazil11', 'agreement']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,globenewswire.com
32597,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/11/10/european-shares-fall-as-ecb-signals-interest-rates-will-remain-elevated/,European shares fall as ECB signals interest rates will remain elevated,Euronext Dublin followed the downward trajectory of European peers on Friday,Wall Street’s main indexes gained on Friday despite warnings from the US Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell about further tightening if needed. Photograph: Michael M. Santiago/Getty ImagesEuronext Dublin followed the downward trajectory of European peers on Friday  as European Central Bank president Christine Lagarde signalled that interest rates are not likely to fall over the next couple of quarters.DublinThe ISEQ All Share fell by 0.91 per cent on Friday to close at 8 025.27  with little on the upside among individual stocks.While PTSB saw shares rise by 2.43 per cent to €1.90  shares in Ireland’s other two main banks fell. Bank of Ireland lost 0.45 per cent to close at €8.46  while AIB closed at €4.16 after losing 0.19 per cent.The country’s two listed home-builders also saw losses  with Cairn Homes falling by 2.33 per cent to €1.17 and Glenveagh Properties losing 0.50 per cent to close at €0.96.READ MOREPaddy Power-parent company Flutter Entertainment fell by 1.46 per cent  to close at €138.80. The company has confirmed this week that it will delist from Euronext Dublin as it plans to add a New York listing in the first quarter of 2024.Also set to leave Euronext Dublin as part of a merger with US peer WestRock is Smurfit Kappa  as the packaging giant lost 0.31 per cent on the Irish exchange on Friday to close at €32.40.Budget airline Ryanair fell by 1.15 per cent to €16.74  while food company Kerry Group fell by 2.35 per cent to €72.46.Those in the green by the end of the day included building materials company Kingspan  which rose by 0.46 per cent to €66.08.Other upward movers were renewable energy company Greencoat Renewables  which rose by 0.22 per cent to €0.89  and shipping and transport group Irish Continental which gained 0.34 per cent to €4.36.LondonThe UK’s exporter-focused FTSE 100 Index fell by 1.28 per cent to close at 7 360.55  while the FTSE Mid-Cap 250 Index lost 1.02 per cent to close at 17 853.09.UK shares slipped on Friday as falling metal prices sparked a sell-off in metal mining shares  and data showed the UK economy failed to grow in the third quarter.Shares of Diageo fell by 12.20 per cent after the Guinness-maker said it expected organic operating profit growth to decline in the first half of fiscal 2024 due to weakening sales in Latin America and the Caribbean and higher trade investments.British home-builder Redrow fell by 4.15 per cent as it said that it expects annual profit and revenue to be at the lower end of its forecast range  hurt by a subdued autumn housing market.During early trade on Friday  all FTSE Russell indexes were hit by a technical issue that prevented them being published for 40 minutes  index provider parent LSEG said. Market analysts said it was only index calculations that were affected  while stocks traded normally.EuropeThe pan-European STOXX 600 Index lost 1 per cent on Friday to close at 443.30. Meanwhile  the German DAX Index fell by 0.77 per cent to 15 234.39  and the French CAC40 lost 0.96 per cent to close at 7 045.25.European shares were hurt by higher bond yields as European Central Bank president Christine Lagarde signalled that interest rates are unlikely to fall any time soon.She said on Friday that euro zone inflation could tick up in the coming months  but European Central Bank interest rates being held at their current level at least for several quarters could still get price growth back to 2 per cent.Richemont shed 5.2 per cent after the Swiss luxury group reported weaker-than-expected earnings  pulling down rivals LVMH  Kering and Hermes between 1.56 per cent and 3.82 per cent.GN Store Nord jumped 10.99 per cent to top the STOXX 600 as the Danish hearing aid and audio solutions-maker targeted further cost savings from its reorganisation  after in-line third-quarter results.New YorkWall Street’s main indexes gained on Friday despite warnings from the US Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell about further tightening if needed on Thursday.Investors have turned their focus to reports on consumer and producer prices as well as retail sales in the coming days  which will further shape interest rate expectations.Data on Friday showed U.S. consumer sentiment fell for a fourth straight month in November  and households’ expectations for inflation rose again.Plug Power plunged more than 40 per cent during the day  after the hydrogen fuel cell-maker raised going concern doubts.Illumina shares also dropped as the gene-testing company trimmed its full-year profit forecast for the second straight quarter.– Additional reporting from Reuters,neutral,0.04,0.88,0.08,negative,0.01,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['European shares', 'interest rates', 'ECB', 'European Central Bank president Christine Lagarde', 'European Central Bank interest rates', 'US Federal Reserve chair', 'subdued autumn housing market', 'index provider parent LSEG', 'U.S. consumer sentiment', 'The ISEQ All Share', 'organic operating profit growth', 'other two main banks', 'US peer WestRock', 'two listed home-builders', 'Other upward movers', 'Michael M. Santiago', 'Budget airline Ryanair', 'exporter-focused FTSE 100 Index', 'FTSE Mid-Cap 250 Index', 'British home-builder Redrow', 'German DAX Index', 'higher bond yields', 'GN Store Nord', 'Danish hearing aid', 'line third-quarter results', 'fourth straight month', 'hydrogen fuel cell-maker', 'falling metal prices', 'higher trade investments', 'interest rate expectations', 'full-year profit forecast', 'Paddy Power-parent company', 'building materials company', 'renewable energy company', 'FTSE Russell indexes', 'Swiss luxury group', 'second straight quarter', 'New York listing', 'pan-European STOXX 600 Index', 'euro zone inflation', 'metal mining shares', 'European peers', 'European shares', 'main indexes', 'annual profit', 'Market analysts', 'index calculations', 'price growth', 'forecast range', 'early trade', 'producer prices', 'households’ expectations', 'first quarter', 'food company', 'Kerry Group', 'transport group', 'The UK', 'third quarter', 'gene-testing company', 'Wall Street', 'Jerome Powell', 'Getty Images', 'downward trajectory', 'next couple', 'Cairn Homes', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'READ MORE', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'packaging giant', 'Irish exchange', 'Greencoat Renewables', 'Irish Continental', 'UK economy', 'first half', 'Latin America', 'technical issue', 'French CAC40', 'coming months', 'current level', 'audio solutions-maker', 'cost savings', 'coming days', 'Plug Power', 'concern doubts', 'Additional reporting', 'Euronext Dublin', 'UK shares', 'Illumina shares', '0.91 per cent', '2.43 per cent', '2.33 per cent', '1.46 per cent', '2.35 per cent', '0.46 per cent', '0.22 per cent', '12.20 per cent', '4.15 per cent', '0.77 per cent', '3.82 per cent', 'individual stocks', 'lower end', 'several quarters', 'retail sales', '0.19 per', '0.31 per', '1.15 per', '1.28 per', '1.56 per', 'Friday', 'warnings', 'Photograph', 'upside', 'PTSB', 'Ireland', 'AIB', 'country', 'losses', 'part', 'merger', 'Kingspan', 'shipping', 'London', 'sell-off', 'data', 'Diageo', 'Guinness-maker', 'fiscal', 'Caribbean', 'revenue', '40 minutes', 'Richemont', 'expected', 'earnings', 'rivals', 'LVMH', 'Kering', 'Hermes', 'reorganisation', 'Thursday', 'Investors', 'reports', 'November', 'Reuters', '96']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,irishtimes.com
32598,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-Rating-change-to-BBB-by-S-P-Global-Ratings-Worldline-maintains-Investment-Grade-45302594/,Worldline : Rating change to BBB- by S&P Global Ratings Worldline maintains Investment Grade -November 10  2023 at 04:44 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)   Rating change to BBB- by S&P Global Ratings Worldline maintains Investment Grade     Paris La Défense  08 November 2023 - S&P Global Ratings lowered the issuer credit rating of Worldline from BBB to BBB-  with a stable outlook. …,"Rating change to BBB- by S&P Global Ratings Worldline maintains Investment GradeParis La Défense  08 November 2023 - S&P Global Ratings (S&P) lowered the issuer credit rating of Worldline (the ""Company"") from BBB to BBB-  with a stable outlook.The company takes note of the decision  which is driven by a longer than expected deleveraging process. S&P's perception of Worldline as a solid business remains intact  while the group's liquidity level is classified as ""exceptional"".This rating change should have marginal impacts on the company's financing.Worldline benefits from ample liquidity resources (€1.2bn cash position and undrawn €1bn RCF as at Jun-23) and faces no short-term maturities as 2024 bonds have already been pro-actively addressed via a new bond issuance in September 2023 and bonds buyback.Worldline remains committed to maintaining its investment grade rating  strong liquidity  and deleveraging through focus on profitable organic growth and integration.February 28  2024 - FY 2023 resultsLaurent MarieE : laurent.marie@worldline.comGuillaume DelaunayE : guillaume.delaunay@worldline.comSandrine van der GhinstE : sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène CarlanderE : helene.carlander@worldline.comWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey - quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline's corporate purpose (""raison d'être"") is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.54,0.43,0.03,True,English,"['S&P Global Ratings', 'Rating change', 'Investment Grade', 'Worldline', 'BBB', 'November', '04:44', 'S&P Global Ratings Worldline', 'Paris La Défense', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'FY 2023 results Laurent Marie', 'bn cash position', 'new bond issuance', 'advanced payments technology', '4.4 billion euros revenue', 'leading digital payment', 'issuer credit rating', 'ample liquidity resources', 'profitable organic growth', 'sustainable economic growth', 'one million businesses', 'investment grade rating', 'Rating change', 'liquidity level', 'strong liquidity', 'growth journey', 'stable outlook', 'solid business', 'marginal impacts', '€1bn RCF', 'short-term maturities', 'local expertise', 'corporate purpose', 'social transformation', 'deleveraging process', 'bonds buyback', 'Guillaume Delaunay', 'transactional solutions', '2024 bonds', 'BBB', 'Company', 'note', 'decision', 'perception', 'group', 'financing', 'September', 'focus', 'integration', 'February', 'vanderghinst', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'shapes', 'sizes', 'hundreds', 'markets', 'industries', 'raison', 'trust', 'security', 'societies']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32599,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/10/2778463/0/en/Sequana-Medical-announces-results-of-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders.html,Sequana Medical announces results of Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders,PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION10 November 2023  06:00 pm CET  Ids van der Weij appointed as non-executive director  Ghent  Belgium – 10 November 2023...,"PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION10 November 2023  06:00 pm CETIds van der Weij appointed as non-executive directorGhent  Belgium – 10 November 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that all proposed resolutions submitted to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders were approved at the meeting held today at 09:00 am CET.The items on the agenda of the meeting included the appointment of Ids van der Weij as non-executive director of the Company  the renewal of the authorization to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital within the framework of the authorized capital and the application of Article 7:228 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. The minutes of the shareholders' meeting can be accessed on the Company's website.Ids van der Weij is Managing Partner of Partners in Equity V (""PiE V"")  a private investment firm focusing on  among others  life sciences. Ids has spent more than 25 years of his career working in Private Equity and Venture Capital. Before PiE V  he was  among others  CEO of Friesland Bank Investments  Managing Partner of Ondernemend Oranje Kapitaal  board member of the Nederlandse Vereniging van Participatiemaatschappijen and member of the supervisory board of  among others  Arboned and Opthec. Besides PiE V  he is currently a (non-executive) director at Diceros Therapeutics and member of the supervisory board of Micreos B.V. He started his career at ABN AMRO NV  after completing his Business Administration studies at the University of Groningen.Pierre Chauvineau  Chairman of Sequana Medical's Board of Directors  commented: “We are delighted to welcome Ids to our Board of Directors. With more than 25 years of corporate investment experience  he brings a wealth of knowledge and expertise that will prove invaluable as we continue to grow our business and build towards the commercial launch of our alfapump in North America and successful trial results with our DSR therapy in heart failure.”Commenting on his appointment  Ids van der Weij added: “Sequana Medical’s alfapump and DSR programs have the potential to deliver tremendous benefit to patients and healthcare systems as well as create significant value for shareholders and I’m very excited about the progress made to date. I look forward to working with management and the Board of Directors and contributing to the Company’s growth in the next phase of its development.”For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. This causes major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility. Although diuretics are standard of care  they become ineffective  intolerable or exacerbate the problem in many patients. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population. alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems.The Company has reported positive primary and secondary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis and is on track to file a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA by year end.The Company has reported first results from MOJAVE  the US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0 seeking to confirm the strong efficacy seen in the RED DESERT and SAHARA studies. The first two patients have been successfully treated with DSR 2.0  and top-line data from all of the first three patients is expected by year end. Sequana Medical recently reported that a detailed biomarker analysis of RED DESERT and SAHARA patients indicates DSR’s mechanism of action as breaking the vicious cycle of cardiorenal syndrome.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to liver cirrhosis. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements.Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.14,0.55,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Sequana Medical', 'results', 'Shareholders', 'US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'North American pivotal POSEIDON trial', 'Nederlandse Vereniging van Participatiemaatschappijen', 'growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population', 'Ids van der Weij', 'limited effective treatment options', 'successful trial results', 'frequent clinical complication', 'poor clinical outcomes', 'innovative treatment options', 'Friesland Bank Investments', 'Ondernemend Oranje Kapitaal', 'ABN AMRO NV', 'corporate investment experience', 'detailed biomarker analysis', 'Important Regulatory Disclaimers', 'private investment firm', 'secondary endpoint data', 'Micreos B.V.', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'major medical issues', 'Business Administration studies', 'first two patients', 'first three patients', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'next phase', 'The alfapump® system', 'major clinical', 'clinical investigation', 'first results', 'executive director', 'executive) director', 'Private Equity', 'SAHARA studies', 'top-line data', 'major impact', 'Equity V', 'PiE V', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'heart failure', 'share capital', 'authorized capital', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'Managing Partner', 'Venture Capital', 'Diceros Therapeutics', 'Pierre Chauvineau', 'commercial launch', 'tremendous benefit', 'healthcare systems', 'significant value', 'increased mortality', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'restricted mobility', 'proprietary platforms', 'positive primary', 'liver cirrhosis', 'Pre-Market Approval', 'year end', 'strong efficacy', 'RED DESERT', 'vicious cycle', 'cardiorenal syndrome', 'United States', 'alfapump system', 'many patients', 'SAHARA patients', 'adult patients', 'life sciences', 'life benefits', 'high costs', 'refractory ascites', 'PMA) application', 'SEQUA.BR', 'recurrent ascites', 'supervisory board', 'DSR therapy', 'DSR programs', 'DSR® therapy', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'The Company', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'board member', 'DSR 2.0', '10 November', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'resolutions', 'items', 'agenda', 'appointment', 'renewal', 'authorization', 'Directors', 'framework', 'Article', 'minutes', 'website', 'Partners', 'others', '25 years', 'career', 'CEO', 'Arboned', 'Opthec', 'University', 'Groningen', 'Chairman', 'wealth', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'potential', 'progress', 'date', 'management', 'growth', 'development', 'serious', 'difficulty', 'breathing', 'diuretics', 'standard', 'problem', 'quality', 'large', 'body', 'track', 'FDA', 'MOJAVE', 'mechanism', 'action', 'Ticker', 'sequanamedical', 'Canada', '06:00', '09:00']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,globenewswire.com
32600,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VANTIVA-6411898/news/Vantiva-Status-update-on-CommScope-s-Home-networks-acquisition-45295563/,Vantiva: Status update on CommScope’s Home networks acquisition -November 10  2023 at 02:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Press Release     Status update on CommScope’s Home Networks acquisition Paris – November 10th  2023 - Vantiva   On October 3  2023  Vantiva announced that it had reached an agreement with CommScope to acquire its Home Networks business  …,"Press ReleaseStatus update on CommScope’s Home Networks acquisitionParis – November 10th  2023 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI) On October 3  2023  Vantiva announced that it had reached an agreement with CommScope to acquire its Home Networks business  in exchange for a 25% stake in Vantiva.CommScope will reinvest the entire acquisition price in a reserved capital increase giving it the right to a 25% stake in Vantiva (post-capital increase)1. To this end  the company has today published the draft resolutions in the BALO.Vantiva points out that  from the parties' point of view  the value of the transaction lies primarily in the realization of future synergies made possible by the combination of the Home Networks business with Vantiva. The integration of the acquired businesses should lead to additional financing requirements before the benefits of the synergies. As a result  the company plans to meet these new needs notably by extending its existing credit lines to the combined perimeter  and by optimizing the acquired working capital. The company is therefore confident in its ability to meet the liquidity needs resulting from the transaction over the next twelve months.For the purposes of the transaction  Vantiva and CommScope have assumed a value of 88 million euros for the assets acquired  based mainly on discounted cash flows. This valuation and the exchange ratio will be the subject of a fairness opinion by RSM  acting as an independent expert. This will be made available on the Vantiva website prior to the Annual General Meeting.The valuation of the acquired assets adopted for the purposes of the transaction results in a unit issue price for Vantiva shares of sixty-five euro cents (€0.65) (including share premium). This valuation should not be used to draw conclusions concerning the evolution of Vantiva’s share price.###Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Vantiva’s filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement universel) has been filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 26  2023  under number D-23-0337.###About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsVantiva Investor Relations Image 7 for Vantiva – Corporateinvestor.relations@vantiva.com vantiva.press@image7.fr1 CommScope' s subscription to the reserved capital increase will be by way of debt set-off.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.33,0.65,True,English,"['Home networks acquisition', 'Status update', 'Vantiva', 'CommScope', 'November', '02', '31', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Vantiva Investor Relations Image', 'additional financing requirements', 'existing credit lines', 'next twelve months', 'discounted cash flows', 'Annual General Meeting', 'sixty-five euro cents', 'global technology leader', 'other smart spaces', 'supply chain performance', 'various vertical industries', 'network service providers', 'video game creators', 'entire acquisition price', 'unit issue price', 'Home Networks acquisition', 'Home Networks business', 'corporate social responsibility', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'reserved capital increase', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Forward Looking Statements', 'Corporate investor', 'share price', 'post-capital increase', 'working capital', 'Press Release', 'Status update', 'November 10th', 'draft resolutions', ""parties' point"", 'new needs', 'liquidity needs', '88 million euros', 'fairness opinion', 'independent expert', 'share premium', 'future events', 'current facts', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'future results', 'complete list', 'regulated market', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'software companies', 'entertainment industry', 'highest standards', 'debt set-off', 'Euronext Paris', 'future synergies', 'exchange ratio', 'Vantiva website', 'Vantiva shares', 'independent company', 'end solutions', 'CommScope', 'October', 'agreement', '25% stake', 'right', 'BALO', 'view', 'value', 'transaction', 'realization', 'combination', 'integration', 'businesses', 'benefits', 'perimeter', 'ability', 'purposes', 'assets', 'valuation', 'subject', 'RSM', 'conclusions', 'evolution', 'Warning', 'predictions', 'trends', 'plans', 'objectives', 'assumptions', 'historical', 'management', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'description', 'filings', 'AMF', 'April', 'Edge', 'Technicolor', 'France', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'operations', 'Americas', 'EMEA', '25 years', 'group', 'relationships', 'film', '100 years', 'clients', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'subscription', 'way', 'Attachment']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32601,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-12738425/news/Pharming-Group-provides-updates-on-EMA-regulatory-review-of-leniolisib-MAA-and-plans-to-file-for-UK-45299315/,Pharming Group provides updates on EMA regulatory review of leniolisib MAA and plans to file for UK regulatory approval,(marketscreener.com) Leiden  The Netherlands  November 10  2023: Pharming Group N.V. announces that it has received a Day 180 Second List of Outstanding Issues from the European Medicines Agency’s Committee for Human Medicinal Products regarding its Marketing…,Leiden  The Netherlands  November 10  2023: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that it has received a Day 180 Second List of Outstanding Issues (LoOI) from the European Medicines Agency’s (EMA) Committee for Human Medicinal Products (CHMP) regarding its Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib for adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiency. Based on the timetable included in the CHMP Day 180 Second LoOI  and considering the CHMP’s decision to reschedule the Ad-Hoc Expert Group (AEG) meeting to the end of November  Pharming now expects the CHMP to issue its opinion on the leniolisib MAA in the first quarter of 2024.Pharming now intends to file an MAA with the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) through the International Recognition Procedure (IRP) which will replace the European Commission Decision Recognition Procedure (ECDRP) from January 1  2024. Under the IRP  Pharming would file an MAA for leniolisib on the basis of the US FDA approval in the first quarter of 2024 and the MHRA would have 110 days from the date the IRP submission is validated to review and issue its decision.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About leniolisibLeniolisib is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the US as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Leniolisib inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial demonstrated clinical efficacy of leniolisib in the coprimary endpoints; demonstrating statistically significant impact on immune dysregulation and normalization of immunophenotype within these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term leniolisib administration.8 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review by the European Medicines Agency  with plans to pursue further regulatory approvals in the UK  Canada  Australia and Japan. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in a Phase III clinical trial in children aged 4 to 11 with APDS  with a further trial planned in children aged 1 to 6 years with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2022 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ReferencesLucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338. RAO VK  et al Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PREthan MetelenisE: Ethan.Metelenis@precisionvh.comT: +1 (917) 882 9038,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,True,English,"['EMA regulatory review', 'UK regulatory approval', 'Pharming Group', 'leniolisib MAA', 'updates', 'randomized, placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'interim open label extension data', 'European Commission Decision Recognition Procedure', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Agency', 'CHMP Day 180 Second LoOI', 'International Recognition Procedure', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Day 180 Second List', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Ad-Hoc Expert Group', 'Human Medicinal Products', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'important cellular messenger', 'U.K. Medicines', 'protein replacement therapies', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'US FDA approval', 'two identified genes', 'permanent lung damage', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'long-term leniolisib administration', 'clinical efficacy', 'small molecules', 'precision medicines', 'regulatory review', 'regulatory approvals', 'gene therapies', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'Outstanding Issues', 'AEG) meeting', 'immune cells', 'progressive disease', 'definitive diagnosis', 'genetic testing', 'targeted treatment', 'cell functions', 'cell survival', 'coprimary endpoints', 'significant impact', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'early to', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'press release', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'first quarter', 'PI3Kẟ) inhibitor', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'The Netherlands', '1 to 2 people', 'cytokine production', 'immune dysregulation', '1 to 6 years', 'late-stage development', 'actual results', 'pediatric patients', 'IRP submission', 'leniolisib MAA', '12 years', 'Leiden', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'adult', 'APDS', 'timetable', 'November', 'opinion', 'MHRA', 'ECDRP', 'January', 'basis', 'date', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'conditions', 'accumulation', 'lymphoma', 'million', 'phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'normalization', 'immunophenotype', 'safety', 'tolerability', 'plans', 'UK', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'children', 'lives', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'use', 'terms', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'goals', 'milestones']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32602,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/10/smithfield-trust-co-sells-900-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Smithfield Trust Co Sells 900 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Smithfield Trust Co decreased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 14.7% in the second quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 5 239 shares of the company’s stock after sel…,Smithfield Trust Co decreased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 14.7% in the second quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 5 239 shares of the company’s stock after selling 900 shares during the period. Smithfield Trust Co’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $785 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of RSP. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter valued at approximately $26 000. Bristlecone Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the first quarter worth $28 000. Bangor Savings Bank purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the second quarter worth $28 000. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the first quarter worth $29 000. Finally  BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC lifted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1 940.0% during the first quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 204 shares of the company’s stock worth $30 000 after buying an additional 194 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceInvesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock traded up $0.26 during mid-day trading on Friday  reaching $139.39. 605 818 shares of the company were exchanged  compared to its average volume of 4 522 345. The business has a fifty day moving average of $141.91 and a 200 day moving average of $145.40. The firm has a market cap of $39.40 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $133.34 and a 12-month high of $155.77.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Smithfield Trust Co', '900 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'fifty day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '200 day moving average', 'Bristlecone Advisors LLC', 'other large investors', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'other hedge funds', 'latest 13F filings', 'concise daily summary', 'Smithfield Trust Co', 'daily performance', 'recent quarter', 'average volume', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'Co. Ltd', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'second quarter', 'new stake', 'first quarter', 'mid-day trading', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 194 shares', '5,239 shares', '900 shares', '204 shares', '605,818 shares', 'position', 'firm', 'company', 'period', 'holdings', 'end', 'number', 'Zurich', 'Friday', 'business', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,etfdailynews.com
32603,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/10/invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp-shares-sold-by-wilbanks-smith-thomas-asset-management-llc/,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP) Shares Sold by Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC,Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC decreased its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.9% in the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 5 322 shares o…,Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC decreased its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.9% in the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 5 322 shares of the company’s stock after selling 103 shares during the period. Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $796 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the business. Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 11.1% during the fourth quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 14 772 231 shares of the company’s stock worth $2 086 578 000 after buying an additional 1 474 149 shares during the period. Gateway Advisory LLC boosted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 9 007.8% during the first quarter. Gateway Advisory LLC now owns 13 837 665 shares of the company’s stock worth $13 838 000 after buying an additional 13 685 733 shares during the period. Bank of America Corp DE raised its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 2.6% during the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 12 248 521 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 771 381 000 after purchasing an additional 309 721 shares in the last quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC raised its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 104 839.6% during the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7 956 524 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 123 859 000 after purchasing an additional 7 948 942 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Truist Financial Corp raised its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 18.5% during the second quarter. Truist Financial Corp now owns 7 702 229 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 152 562 000 after purchasing an additional 1 200 101 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Down 0.8 %NYSEARCA RSP opened at $139.15 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $39.33 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52-week low of $133.34 and a 52-week high of $155.77. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $141.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $145.40.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Further ReadingWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Thomas Asset Management LLC', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Wilbanks Smith', 'Shares', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Thomas Asset Management LLC', '50-day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Several other hedge funds', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Gateway Advisory LLC', 'America Corp DE', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'latest 13F filings', 'concise daily summary', 'Truist Financial Corp', 'recent quarter', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'financial companies', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Wilbanks Smith', '2nd quarter', 'Morgan Stanley', 'fourth quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', 'second quarter', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'NYSEARCA RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 1,474,149 shares', 'additional 13,685,733 shares', 'additional 309,721 shares', 'additional 7,948,942 shares', 'additional 1,200,101 shares', '5,322 shares', '103 shares', '14,772,231 shares', '13,837,665 shares', '12,248,521 shares', '7,956,524 shares', '7,702,229 shares', 'holdings', 'firm', 'period', 'end', 'changes', 'positions', 'business', 'stake', 'Friday', 'beta', 'transportation', 'Reading']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,etfdailynews.com
32604,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/10/aveo-capital-partners-llc-has-927000-position-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Aveo Capital Partners LLC Has $927 000 Position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Aveo Capital Partners LLC trimmed its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.1% during the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.…,Aveo Capital Partners LLC trimmed its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.1% during the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 6 196 shares of the company’s stock after selling 131 shares during the quarter. Aveo Capital Partners LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $927 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Several other institutional investors and hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in RSP. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter valued at about $26 000. Bristlecone Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 1st quarter valued at approximately $28 000. Bangor Savings Bank bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter worth approximately $28 000. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 1st quarter worth approximately $29 000. Finally  BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC lifted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1 940.0% in the first quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 204 shares of the company’s stock valued at $30 000 after buying an additional 194 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 0.0 %Shares of RSP stock traded up $0.03 during trading hours on Friday  hitting $139.16. 855 984 shares of the company were exchanged  compared to its average volume of 4 524 664. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52 week low of $133.34 and a 52 week high of $155.77. The business has a 50 day moving average of $141.91 and a two-hundred day moving average of $145.40. The company has a market capitalization of $39.34 billion  a PE ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Aveo Capital Partners LLC', '$927,000 Position', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'Aveo Capital Partners LLC', 'BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Several other institutional investors', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '50 day moving average', 'Bristlecone Advisors LLC', 'recent reporting period', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Free Report', 'average volume', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'Co. Ltd', 'trading hours', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'financial companies', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'second quarter', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'new position', 'new stake', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'RSP stock', 'additional 194 shares', '6,196 shares', '131 shares', '204 shares', '855,984 shares', 'company', 'Securities', 'holdings', 'end', 'changes', 'positions', 'Zurich', 'Friday', '52 week', 'business', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,etfdailynews.com
32605,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/10/2778049/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7671 £ 23.8410 Estimated MTD return 0.83 % 0.87 % Estimated YTD return -3.61 % -2.40 % Estimated ITD return 167.67 % 138.41 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.80 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.8610 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.5317The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,globenewswire.com
32606,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/10/2778045/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7671 £ 23.8410 Estimated MTD return 0.83 % 0.87 % Estimated YTD return -3.61 % -2.40 % Estimated ITD return 167.67 % 138.41 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.80 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.8610 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.5317The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,globenewswire.com
32607,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45295016/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -November 10  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7671 £ 23.8410 Estimated MTD return 0.83 % 0.87 % Estimated YTD return -3.61 % -2.40 % Estimated ITD return 167.67 % 138.41 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.80 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.8610 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.5317The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'November', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32608,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45295014/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -November 10  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7671 £ 23.8410 Estimated MTD return 0.83 % 0.87 % Estimated YTD return -3.61 % -2.40 % Estimated ITD return 167.67 % 138.41 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.80 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.8610 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.5317The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'November', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32609,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Annual-Report-and-Accounts-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-45295230/,Annual Report and Accounts / Notice of Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited Legal Entity Identification Code: 2138004N6QDNAZ2V3W80 Publication of the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 July 2023 and Notice of the Annual General Meeting NOT FOR RELE…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA/VTAS)Legal Entity Identification Code: 2138004N6QDNAZ2V3W80Publication of the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements(the “Accounts”) for the financial year ended 31 July 2023 andNotice of the Annual General MeetingNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTOTHE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  10 November 2023Volta Finance Limited has published its results for the financial year ended 31 July 2023. The 2023 Accounts are attached to this release and will be available on the Volta Finance Limited website ( www.voltafinance.com ).Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Volta Finance Limited on Wednesday 6 December 2023 may be found at pages 87 and 88 of the Accounts.For further information  please contact:Company Secretary and Portfolio AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A.  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCavendish Financial plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900For the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management  which has a team of experts concentrating on the structured finance markets. AXA IM is one of the largest European based asset managers with 2 600 professionals and €824 billion in assets under management as at the end of June 2023.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.25,0.36,0.38,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Annual Report', 'Accounts', 'Notice', 'largest European based asset managers', 'Legal Entity Identification Code', 'BNP Paribas S.A.', 'François Touati francois', 'high net worth companies', 'alternative investment fund manager', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'multi-expert asset management company', 'Volta Finance Limited website', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'similar asset classes', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'diversified investment strategy', 'Annual General Meeting', 'U.S. persons', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'Cavendish Financial plc', 'investment management company', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'THE UNITED STATES', 'structured finance assets', 'Investment objectives', 'The Company', 'finance markets', 'Regulation S', 'Annual Report', 'AXA IM', 'AXA Group', 'Company Secretary', 'Markets Act', 'investment professionals', 'wealth management', 'Directive 2011/61/EU', 'AIFM Directive', 'United Kingdom', 'financial year', 'financial markets', 'financial protection', 'Financial Services', 'Financial Promotion', 'Wednesday 6 December', 'Corporate Broker', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Main Market', 'stable stream', 'quarterly basis', 'global leader', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'Past performance', 'future performance', 'forward-looking terminology', 'Financial Statements', 'looking statements', 'other persons', 'relevant persons', 'listed securities', 'Such securities', 'press release', 'The 2023 Accounts', 'Portfolio Administrator', 'credit cycle', '2,600 professionals', 'VTA/VTAS', '2138004N6QDNAZ2V3W80', 'Publication', 'Notice', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'INTO', '10 November', 'results', 'voltafinance', 'pages', 'information', 'bnpparibas', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'Shareholders', 'dividends', 'exposure', 'CLO', 'division', 'team', 'experts', 'June', 'capacity', 'meaning', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'shares', 'circulation', 'jurisdictions', 'recipient', 'copies', 'document', 'breach', 'limitations', 'restrictions', 'sale', 'circumstances', 'registration', 'exemption', 'portion', 'communication', 'Article', 'Order', 'agreement', 'contents', 'guide', 'use', 'terms', '44']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32610,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROPEAN-HEALTHCARE-ACQUI-129457819/news/European-Healthcare-Acquisition-Growth-Company-B-V-Expiry-and-delisting-of-the-Warrants-on-17-No-45295015/,European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V.: Expiry and delisting of the Warrants on 17 November 2023 -November 10  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) EQS-Ad-hoc: European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. / Key word: MiscellaneousEuropean Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V.: Expiry and delisting of the Warrants on 17 November 2023 10-Nov-2023 / 07…,"EQS-Ad-hoc: European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. / Key word(s): MiscellaneousEuropean Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V.: Expiry and delisting of the Warrants on 17 November 202310-Nov-2023 / 07:30 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  PUBLICATION OR FORWARDING  EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR TO CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS PUBLICATION.Public disclosure of inside information according to Article 17 para. 1 of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. – Expiry and delisting of the Warrants on 17 November 2023Munich  10 November 2023European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. (the ""Company"")  a Dutch operators-led special purpose acquisition company listed on Euronext Amsterdam  today announces that the class A warrants (the ""Public Warrants"") and the class B warrants (the ""Founder Warrants"" and together with the Public Warrants  the ""Warrants"") will expire worthless on the original business combination deadline  being 17 November 2023.On 4 October 2023  the board of the Company proposed that in the context of the proposed extension of the business combination deadline as announced in the Company's press release of 20 September 2023 and as further set out in the agenda and explanatory notes of the EGM to be held on 15 November 2023  the holders of the Warrants amend the terms and conditions of the Warrants (the ""Warrant T&C"") to have all Warrants expire worthless on the original business combination deadline  being 17 November 2023  as the Warrants have proved to impede the Company's chances of successfully executing a business combination.69% of the outstanding Warrants voted in favour of the amendment of the Warrant T&C by the expiry of the voting deadline of 9 November 2023 at 17:30 CET. The Warrant T&C provide that the terms of the Warrants may be amended with the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding Warrants. Therefore the Warrants will expire on the original business combination deadline  being 17 November 2023.Delisting of the Warrants shall occur on 17 November 2023 and  accordingly  the last trading day of the Warrants shall be 16 November 2023.Following expiry of the Warrants  the share capital and Warrants of the Company are as follows:Public Shares outstanding 1 238 962 Public Shares held in treasury 168 761 038 Class B ordinary shares outstanding 6 666 666 Redeemable class A warrants nil Class B warrants nil-----------About EHCEHC is an operators-led special purpose acquisition company. With its exclusive focus on healthcare  EHC is the first of its kind in Europe and benefits from excellent investment opportunities driven by the market’s underlying fundamentals and an excellent value creation potential. In addition  the sponsors have created a novel structure which materially innovates the special purpose vehicle concept to allow a very attractive alignment of interests of all stakeholders.General Enquiries+49 89 4523240info@ehc-company.comMedia EnquiriesFGS GlobalKai Peter Rath+49 211 43079 209kai.rath@fgsglobal.comImportant NoticeThis publication may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This publication does not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities (the ""Securities"") of European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. (the ""Company"") in the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The Securities of the Company may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). The Securities of the Company have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act. The Securities referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia  Canada or Japan or to  or for the account or benefit of  any national  resident or citizen of Australia  Canada or Japan subject to certain exceptions.In the United Kingdom  this publication is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of retained EU law in the United Kingdom as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and are (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"")  or (ii) persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). This publication is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this publication relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any Retail Investor in the EEA. For these purposes  a ""Retail Investor"" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments  as amended (""MiFID II""); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to Retail Investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any Retail Investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.Solely for the purpose of the product governance requirements contained within MiFID II  (ii) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 of 7 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II and (iii) local implementing measures (together  the ""MiFID II Requirements"")  and disclaiming any and all liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  which any ""manufacturer"" (for the purposes of the MiFID II Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto  the Public Shares and Public Warrants have been subject to a product approval process. As a result  it has been determined that (i) the Public Shares are (a) compatible with an end target market of Retail Investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in MiFID II  and (b) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels permitted by MiFID II and (ii) the Public Warrants are (a) compatible with an end target market of investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in MiFID II  and (b) eligible for distribution to professional clients and eligible counterparties through all distribution channels permitted by MiFID II.This release may contain forward looking statements  estimates  opinions and projections with respect to anticipated future performance of the Company (""forward-looking statements""). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates "" ""expects "" ""intends "" ""may "" ""will"" or ""should"" or  in each case  their negative  or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements are based on the current views  expectations and assumptions of the management of the Company and involve significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of whether or not such results will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements included herein only speak as at the date of this release. We undertake no obligation  and do not expect to publicly update  or publicly revise  any of the information  forward-looking statements or the conclusions contained herein or to reflect new events or circumstances or to correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent subsequent to the date hereof  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. We accept no liability whatsoever in respect of the achievement of such forward-looking statements and assumptions.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulation  and in accordance with Dutch market practice  the Company or its brokers may purchase  or conclude agreements to purchase  shares in the Company  directly or indirectly  outside of the scope of the redemption offer  before  during or after the period in which the redemption offer remains open for acceptance. This also applies to other securities that are directly convertible into  exchangeable for  or exercisable for shares in the Company. These purchases may be completed via the stock exchange at market prices or outside the stock exchange in negotiated transactions. Any information about such purchases will be disclosed as required by law or regulation in the Netherlands or any other relevant jurisdiction.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.21,0.18,0.61,True,English,"['Growth Company B.V.', 'European Healthcare Acquisition', 'Expiry', 'delisting', 'Warrants', '17 November', 'Dutch operators-led special purpose acquisition company', 'special purpose vehicle concept', 'excellent value creation potential', 'Growth Company B.V.', 'original business combination deadline', 'Class B ordinary shares', 'Redeemable class A warrants', 'The Warrant T&C', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'European Healthcare Acquisition', 'last trading day', 'excellent investment opportunities', 'class B warrants', 'EQS Group AG', 'Financial Promotion) Order', 'Kai Peter Rath', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'voting deadline', 'European Union', 'Public Shares', 'EQS News', 'investment professionals', 'Financial Services', 'The Securities', 'Markets Act', 'Key word', 'inside information', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'press release', 'explanatory notes', 'written consent', 'share capital', 'exclusive focus', 'underlying fundamentals', 'novel structure', 'attractive alignment', 'General Enquiries', 'Media Enquiries', 'FGS Global', 'United States', 'national, resident', 'United Kingdom', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Public Warrants', 'Founder Warrants', 'outstanding Warrants', 'Public disclosure', 'EU law', 'Miscellaneous', 'Expiry', 'delisting', '17 November', '30 CET', 'CEST', 'Article', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'END', 'Munich', '10 November', '4 October', 'board', 'context', 'extension', '20 September', 'EGM', '15 November', 'holders', 'terms', 'conditions', 'chances', 'favour', '9 November', 'vote', '16 November', 'treasury', 'EHC', 'kind', 'benefits', 'addition', 'sponsors', 'interests', 'fgsglobal', 'offer', 'sale', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'exemption', 'account', 'citizen', 'exceptions', 'persons', 'investors', 'meaning', 'part', 'Withdrawal', '07']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32611,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UCB-5963/news/UCB-receives-CHMP-positive-opinion-for-rozanolixizumab-for-treatment-of-adults-with-generalized-my-45302776/,UCB : receives CHMP positive opinion for rozanolixizumab for treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis in Europe -November 10  2023 at 05:00 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  UCB receives CHMP positive opinion for rozanolixizumab for treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis in Europe     The Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use positive opinion1 is based on the pivotal Phase 3 My…,"Brussels (Belgium) 10 November 2023  18:00 CET - UCB (Euronext Brussels: UCB)  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has issued a positive opinion recommending granting marketing authorization for rozanolixizumab as an add-on to standard therapy for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) or anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibody positive.1Rozanolixizumab 140 mg/ml solution for injection is a humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  resulting in the reduction of circulating IgG.2 If approved by the European Commission  rozanolixizumab will be the first emerging therapy approved in Europe for adults with both anti-AChR and anti-MuSK antibody-positive gMG  the two most common subtypes of gMG.In September 2023  the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) also issued a positive opinion recommending granting marketing authorization for UCB's zilucoplan in the European Union (EU) as an add-on to standard therapy for the treatment of gMG in adult patients who are anti-AChR antibody-positive4. Zilucoplan is a once-daily subcutaneously (SC)-injected  self-administered peptide inhibitor of complement component 5 (C5 inhibitor).8In progressing a portfolio of medicines for the treatment of gMG  with the aim of providing HCPs the option of addressing either complement activation or pathogenic antibodies for appropriate patients  UCB hopes to offer a comprehensive portfolio of targeted therapeutics  embodying a commitment to addressing the gMG community's unmet needs.""There is a significant need to bring more targeted  well-tolerated  effective treatment options that address the pathophysiology of gMG disease. If approved by the European Commission  UCB will be the first and only company to offer a gMG-focused portfolio with rozanolixizumab and zilucoplan  providing patients and clinicians the option of two targeted therapies. We believe that the inclusion of both anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibody positive patients and anti-AChR positive patients within the CHMP marketing authorization recommendation for rozanolixizumab could support clinicians to tailor their prescribing decisions to meet individual needs of their patients.' said Iris Loew-Friedrich  Executive Vice-President and Chief Medical Officer at UCB. 'This latest European gMG regulatory milestone  alongside approvals for both zilucoplan and rozanolixizumab in the U.S. and Japan in recent months  further reinforces the commitment we have made to the gMG community to help transform their experiences  outcomes and expectations. We are truly proud and excited for the future.""The CHMP opinion for rozanolixizumab is supported by safety and efficacy data from the pivotal Phase 3 MycarinG study (NCT03971422)  published in The Lancet Neurology in May 2023.2 The primary efficacy endpoint was the comparison of the change from baseline between treatment groups (rozanolixizumab 7mg/kg  rozanolixizumab 10mg/kg) or placebo in the MG-ADL score at Day 43. MG-ADL is a measurement tool that assesses the impact of gMG on daily functions of 8 items that are typically affected in gMG. These include activities such as breathing  talking  swallowing  and being able to rise from a chair.3 Each item is assessed on a 4-point scale where a score of 0 represents normal function and a score of 3 represents loss of ability to perform that function. A total score ranges from 0 to 24  with the higher scores indicating more impairment. Reductions in MG-ADL score from baseline to Day 43 were greater in the rozanolixizumab 7 mg/kg group (least-squares mean change -3.37 [SE 0.49]) and in the rozanolixizumab 10 mg/kg group (-3.40 [0.49]) than with placebo (-0.78 [0.49]; for 7 mg/kg  least-squares mean difference −2.59 [95% CI −4.09 to −1.25]  p<0.001; for 10 mg/kg  −2.62 [−3.99 to −1.16]  p<0.001).2Secondary efficacy endpoints included change from baseline to Day 43 in the Myasthenia Gravis Composite (MG-C) and the Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMC) scores. The MG-C is a 10-item instrument that measures the symptoms and signs of MG based on physician examination and patient history. Items are related to ptosis  double vision  eye closure  talking  chewing  swallowing  breathing  neck flexion  shoulder abduction  and hip flexion. Each item is scored on an ordinal scale with four possible categories and weighted. The total score ranges from 0 to 50  with higher scores indicating more severe impairments. The MG-C is composed of items originating from other scales (i.e.  QMG  MMT  MG-ADL). A statistically significant difference favoring rozanolixizumab compared to placebo was observed in the MG-C score change from baseline to Day 43 [least squares mean difference] -3.90 (95% CI (−6.63 to −1.25)  p<0.001 for rozanolixizumab 7mg/kg; least-squares mean difference −5.53 (95% CI −8.30 to −2.97)  p<0.001 for rozanolixizumab 10mg/kg.2The QMG is a 13-item categorical grading system that assesses muscle weakness. Each item is assessed on a 4-point scale where a score of 0 represents no weakness and a score of 3 represents severe weakness. A total possible score ranges from 0 to 39  where higher scores indicate more severe impairment.9 A statistically significant difference favoring rozanolixizumab compared to placebo was observed in the QMG total score change from baseline to Day 43 [least squares mean difference -3.48 (95% CI (−5.61 to −1.58)  p<0.001 for rozanolixizumab 7mg/kg; least-squares mean difference −4.76 (95% CI −6.82 to −2.86)  p<0.001 for rozanolixizumab 10mg/kg.2The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 10% of patients treated with rozanolixizumab) were headache  diarrhea and pyrexia.1gMG is a rare  chronic  heterogeneous  unpredictable autoimmune disease characterized by dysfunction and damage at the neuromuscular junction (NMJ).10 11 12 gMG has a global prevalence of 100-350 cases per every 1 million people.11""With the news of the CHMP's positive opinion of rozanolixizumab  we are very proud and excited to potentially provide the gMG community with further treatment options and new hope. Following recent approvals in the U.S. and Japan  it is our commitment to bring widespread access of innovative treatment options to a broader patient population living with myasthenia gravis. And  with our two different medicines for gMG  each with a distinct mechanism of action  UCB offers the community a unique portfolio of treatments that embodies our commitment to addressing the gMG community's unmet needs."" said Jean-Christophe Tellier  CEO  UCB. ""We would like to take this time to extend our gratitude to the patients  care partners and investigators who participated in the MycarinG study  and to our employees and collaborators for their dedication and support to the gMG community.""This announcement follows approval of rozanolixizumab and zilucoplan by the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare (MHLW) for treatment of gMG in adult patients (only for patients who inadequately respond to steroids or other immunosuppressants)  and approval of rozanolixizumab by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of gMG in adult patients who are anti-AChR or anti-MuSK antibody positive.7 5 Orphan designation was granted by the European Commission in 2020 to rozanolixizumab for the treatment of myasthenia gravis and successfully maintained after having received the positive CHMP Opinion.13The CHMP's positive opinion for rozanolixizumab is now being reviewed by the European Commission  which grants centralized marketing authorizations for medicinal products in the EU. Feedback from the European Commission is anticipated during Q1 2024.About rozanolixizumabRozanolixizumab 140 mg/ml solution for injection is a subcutaneously administered  humanized monoclonal antibody that specifically binds  with high affinity  to human neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn). It has been designed to block the interaction of FcRn and Immunoglobulin G (IgG)  accelerating the catabolism of antibodies and reducing the concentration of pathogenic IgG autoantibodies.2In June 2023  rozanolixizumab-noli was approved by the FDA  for the treatment of gMG in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) or anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibody-positive  having been granted Priority Review for its Biologic License Application (BLA).5In September 2023  rozanolixizumab was granted approval by the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare (MHLW) for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adult patients (only for patients who inadequately respond to steroids or other immunosuppressants).7Rozanolixizumab is currently under review by the Center of Drug Evaluation of the China National Medical Products Administration  the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA)  Health Canada and Switzerland (Swissmedic) for the treatment of adults with gMG. Responses from regulatory agencies to these submissions are expected during H2 2023 and H1 2024.About zilucoplanZilucoplan is a once-daily SC  self-administered peptide inhibitor of complement component 5 (C5 inhibitor). As the only once-daily generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) target therapy for self-administration by adult patients with anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody-positive gMG  zilucoplan inhibits complement-mediated damage to the neuromuscular junction through its targeted mechanism of action.8In October 2023  zilucoplan was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of gMG in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive.6In September 2023  the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) issued a positive opinion recommending granting marketing authorization for zilucoplan in the European Union (EU) as an add-on to standard therapy for the treatment of gMG in adult patients who are anti-AChR antibody-positive.4 A final decision on approval in the EU is expected before the end of the year  in line with the EMA's standard review timeline.Also in September 2023  the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare (MHLW) approved zilucoplan for the treatment of gMG in adult patients (only for patients who inadequately respond to steroids or other immunosuppressants).7Zilucoplan is currently under review by the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) and Health Canada for the treatment of adults with gMG. Responses from regulatory agencies to these submissions are expected during H2 2023 and H1 2024.Orphan designation was granted by the FDA in 2019 to zilucoplan for the treatment of myasthenia gravis.14About generalized Myasthenia Gravis (gMG)gMG is a rare autoimmune disease with a global prevalence of 100-350 cases per every 1 million people.11 People living with gMG can experience a variety of symptoms  including severe muscular weakness that can result in double vision  drooping eyelids  difficulty with swallowing  chewing and talking  as well as life-threatening weakness of the muscles of respiration.10 15In gMG  pathogenic autoantibodies can impair synaptic transmission at the neuromuscular junction (NMJ) by targeting specific proteins on the post-synaptic membrane.16 This disrupts the ability of the nerves to stimulate the skeletal muscle and results in a weaker contraction. gMG can occur in any race  gender or age.10 15About the MycarinG study2The MycarinG study (NCT03971422) is a multi-center  Phase 3  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study evaluating the efficacy and safety of rozanolixizumab in adult patients with gMG  with an open-label extension.The primary endpoint for the MycarinG study is change in the Myasthenia Gravis-Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) score  an eight-item patient-reported scale developed to assess MG symptoms and their effects on daily activities. Additional endpoints include changes in the Myasthenia Gravis composite (MG-C) score  the Quantitative MG (QMG) score  patient-reported outcomes at Day 43 and adverse events (AEs). The majority of patients taking part in the MycarinG study opted to enroll in any future extensions to this clinical trial. As a result  UCB is exploring the potential for further extension studies into this treatment.For more information about the trial  visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03971422.For further information  contact UCB:Global Rare Disease CommunicationsJim BaxterT+32.2.473.78.85.01jim.baxter@ucb.comCorporate Communications  Media RelationsLaurent SchotsT+32.2.559.92.64Laurent.schots@ucb.comInvestor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14antje.witte@ucb.comAbout UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 600 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of €5.5 billion in 2022. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCB_news.Forward looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: the global spread and impact of COVID-19  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  will progress to product approval or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products  which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to differences disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and it does not reflect any potential impact from the evolving COVID-19 pandemic  unless indicated otherwise. UCB is following the worldwide developments diligently to assess the financial significance of this pandemic to UCB. UCB expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.References:",neutral,0.23,0.73,0.03,mixed,0.32,0.24,0.44,True,English,"['CHMP positive opinion', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'UCB', 'rozanolixizumab', 'treatment', 'adults', 'Europe', 'November', '05:00', 'latest European gMG regulatory milestone', 'pivotal Phase 3 MycarinG study', 'two most common subtypes', 'humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody', 'CHMP marketing authorization recommendation', 'MuSK) antibody positive patients', 'two targeted therapies', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'muscle-specific tyrosine kinase', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Myasthenia Gravis Composite', 'Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis', 'four possible categories', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'Secondary efficacy endpoints', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'The Lancet Neurology', 'European Medicines Agency', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'anti-MuSK antibody-positive gMG', 'first emerging therapy', 'Rozanolixizumab 140 mg/ml solution', 'The CHMP opinion', 'anti-AChR positive patients', 'rozanolixizumab 7 mg/kg group', 'MG-C score change', 'positive opinion', 'European Commission', 'European Union', 'The MG-C', 'efficacy data', 'acetylcholine receptor', 'standard therapy', 'AChR antibody', 'adult patients', 'appropriate patients', 'Medicinal Products', 'Human Use', 'complement component', 'C5 inhibitor', 'complement activation', 'pathogenic antibodies', 'unmet needs', 'significant need', 'prescribing decisions', 'individual needs', 'Iris Loew-Friedrich', 'Executive Vice-President', 'U.S.', 'recent months', 'measurement tool', 'daily functions', '4-point scale', 'higher scores', 'QMC) scores', '10-item instrument', 'physician examination', 'patient history', 'double vision', 'eye closure', 'neck flexion', 'shoulder abduction', 'hip flexion', 'ordinal scale', 'severe impairments', 'other scales', 'total score', 'gMG community', 'gMG disease', 'comprehensive portfolio', 'gMG-focused portfolio', 'Euronext Brussels', 'normal function', 'least squares', 'MG-ADL score', 'treatment groups', 'significant difference', 'Belgium', '18:00 CET', 'UCB', 'Committee', 'EMA', 'granting', 'add', 'injection', 'FcRn', 'reduction', 'circulating', 'adults', 'September', 'zilucoplan', 'aim', 'HCPs', 'option', 'therapeutics', 'commitment', 'pathophysiology', 'clinicians', 'inclusion', 'approvals', 'Japan', 'experiences', 'outcomes', 'expectations', 'future', 'safety', 'NCT03971422', 'May', 'comparison', 'baseline', 'placebo', 'Day', 'impact', '8 items', 'activities', 'breathing', 'swallowing', 'chair', 'loss', 'ability', 'least-squares', '10 mg', 'symptoms', 'signs', 'ptosis', 'QMG', 'MMT']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,marketscreener.com
32612,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231110102413/en/Carmila-Termination-of-Liquidity-Contract-With-BNP-Paribas-Arbitrage-and-New-Liquidity-Contract-With-Kepler-Cheuvreux,Carmila: Termination of Liquidity Contract With BNP Paribas Arbitrage and New Liquidity Contract With Kepler Cheuvreux,On 10 November 2023  the liquidity contract between BNP Paribas Arbitrage and Carmila (Paris:CARM) dated 28 June 2019 was terminated.,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:On 10 November 2023  the liquidity contract between BNP Paribas Arbitrage and Carmila (Paris:CARM) dated 28 June 2019 was terminated. On 3 November 2023  Carmila and Kepler Cheuvreux signed a liquidity contract concerning the liquidity of Carmila shares (ISIN : FR0010828137)  (the Shares) admitted for trading on Euronext Paris (the Contract)  which will begin on 13 November 2023.The implementation of the Contract will be carried out in accordance with the legal provisions in force  and more particularly the provisions of Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (MAR)  of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/908 of 26 February 2016 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of European Parliament and of the Council by regulatory technical standards concerning the criteria  procedure and requirements for the establishment of an admitted market practice and the requirements for the maintenance  withdrawal or modification of conditions of admission  and articles L. 225-209 et seq. of the Commercial Code  as well as AMF decision no. 2018-01 of July 2  2018  applicable from January 1  2019.The resources made available for the liquidity agreement are as follows:971 454.65 euros124 528 Carmila sharesPerformance of the Contract will be suspended under the conditions described in article 5 of AMF decision no. 2018-01 of July 2  2018.INVESTOR AGENDA13 February 2024 (after market close): 2023 annual results14 February 2024: Annual results presentation17 April 2024 (after market close): Financial information for the first quarter 202424 April 2024: Annual Shareholder Meeting24 July 2024 (after market close): First half 2024 results25 July 2024: First half 2024 results presentation17 October 2024 (after market close): Financial information for the third quarter 2024ABOUT CARMILAThe third-largest listed owner of retail property in Europe  Carmila was founded by Carrefour and institutional investors to enhance the value of shopping centres adjoining Carrefour hypermarkets in France  Spain and Italy. At 30 June 2023  its portfolio was valued at €6.0 billion and made up of 202 shopping centres  with leading positions in their catchment areas.Carmila is listed on Euronext-Paris Compartment A under the symbol CARM. It benefits from the tax regime for French real estate investment trusts (“SIIC”).Carmila has been a member of the SBF 120 since 20 June 2022.Important noticeSome of the statements contained in this document are not historical facts but rather statements of future expectations  estimates and other forward-looking statements based on management’s beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Please refer to the most recent Universal Registration Document filed in French by Carmila with the Autorité des marchés financiers for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties. Carmila has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Carmila accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.This press release is available in the “Financial Press Releases” section of Carmila’s Finance webpage: https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/financial-press-releases,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['BNP Paribas Arbitrage', 'New Liquidity Contract', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Carmila', 'Termination', 'French real estate investment trusts', 'recent Universal Registration Document', 'First half 2024 results presentation', 'BNP Paribas Arbitrage', 'largest listed owner', 'marchés financiers', 'Annual results presentation', 'Annual Shareholder Meeting', 'regulatory technical standards', 'Financial Press Releases', 'admitted market practice', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'other forward-looking statements', '2023 annual results', 'first quarter', 'future results', 'Regulatory News', 'Financial information', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'European Parliament', 'Commercial Code', 'AMF decision', 'INVESTOR AGENDA', 'retail property', 'institutional investors', 'shopping centres', 'leading positions', 'catchment areas', 'Euronext-Paris Compartment', 'tax regime', 'Important notice', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'Autorité des', 'additional information', 'Finance webpage', 'market abuse', 'market close', 'liquidity agreement', 'legal provisions', 'third quarter', 'Carrefour hypermarkets', 'unknown risks', 'above statements', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'Carmila shares', '10 November', '28 June', '3 November', 'ISIN', 'trading', 'implementation', 'accordance', 'force', 'Council', '16 April', '26 February', 'criteria', 'procedure', 'requirements', 'establishment', 'maintenance', 'withdrawal', 'modification', 'conditions', 'admission', 'articles', 'July', 'January', 'resources', 'Performance', '14 February', '24 April', 'October', 'value', 'France', 'Spain', 'Italy', '30 June', 'portfolio', 'symbol', 'CARM.', 'SIIC', 'member', 'SBF', '20 June', 'estimates', 'management', 'beliefs', 'views', 'assumptions', 'date', 'uncertainties', 'events', 'relation', 'factors', 'intention', 'obligation', 'liability', 'consequences', 'section', 'financial-press-releases', '4.']",2023-11-10,2023-11-11,businesswire.com
