UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
47012,Euroclear,Bing API,https://tass.com/world/1873219,EU to provide Ukraine with 1.9 bln euros from frozen Russian assets in spring 2025,BRUSSELS  November 15. /TASS/. The European Union intends to provide Ukraine with a second tranche of 1.9 billion euros of profits from frozen Russian assets in the spring of 2025  a high-ranking EU representative told reporters in Brussels.,"BRUSSELS  November 15. /TASS/. The European Union intends to provide Ukraine with a second tranche of 1.9 billion euros of profits from frozen Russian assets in the spring of 2025  a high-ranking EU representative told reporters in Brussels.""The second tranche will be larger than the first - 1.9 billion euros. The money will be allocated only next year - in March-April 2025 "" he said  stressing that the EU is currently preparing the modalities for the allocation of this tranche.The diplomat also noted that the EU has almost fulfilled its promise to provide Ukraine with 1 million shells.""We have almost provided 1 million shells: 98% have already been delivered "" he said.According to the EU official  the EU intends to train up to 75 000 Ukrainian soldiers by the end of winter. ""Our training mission has already trained 65 000 Ukrainians. Our goal is to train up to 75 000 by the end of winter "" he added.In late October  the European Union adopted a package of regulations approving the allocation of 35 billion euros in macro-financial assistance to Ukraine  part of a broader loan package from the G7 for a total of 45 billion euros. The loans will be repaid using revenues earned from the reinvestment of Russian assets the European Commission illegally seized on the territory of the EU countries. The term of repayment for these loans is 45 years. By doing this  Brussels is telling the G7 countries  primarily the United States  that it will not unfreeze Russian assets for at least another 45 years. According to the EC  the amount of assets seized in the EU is about 220 billion euros.Russian Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Maria Zakharova warned that Russia would take retaliatory steps if income from Russian assets were transferred to Ukraine. Since the start of military action in Ukraine  assets worth about $280 billion (260 billion euros  most of which are at the disposal of the Belgian financial group Euroclear) have been blocked in the G7 and EU countries  as well as in Australia .",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['1.9 bln euros', 'Russian assets', 'Ukraine', 'spring', 'Russian Foreign Ministry Spokesperson', 'first - 1.9 billion euros', 'Belgian financial group', 'broader loan package', 'The European Union', 'high-ranking EU representative', '35 billion euros', '45 billion euros', '220 billion euros', 'European Commission', 'Russian assets', '1 million shells', '75,000 Ukrainian soldiers', 'training mission', 'late October', 'macro-financial assistance', 'United States', 'Maria Zakharova', 'retaliatory steps', 'military action', 'second tranche', 'EU official', 'EU countries', 'G7 countries', 'BRUSSELS', 'TASS', 'Ukraine', 'profits', 'spring', 'reporters', 'money', 'April', 'modalities', 'allocation', 'diplomat', 'promise', 'end', 'winter', '65,000 Ukrainians', 'goal', 'regulations', 'part', 'total', 'loans', 'revenues', 'reinvestment', 'territory', 'term', 'repayment', '45 years', 'amount', 'income', 'start', 'disposal', 'Euroclear', 'Australia']",2024-11-15,2024-11-15,tass.com
47013,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.voanews.com/a/beirut-bombing-victims-1-68-billion-iran-judgment-overturned-by-us-appeals-court-/7863044.html,US court overturns 1983 Beirut bombing victims' $1.68B judgment against Iran bank,new york — A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday threw out a $1.68 billion judgment against Iran's central bank that had been won by family members of troops killed and injured in the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut. The 2nd U.S. Circu…,"A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday threw out a $1.68 billion judgment against Iran's central bank that had been won by family members of troops killed and injured in the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut.The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan said a lower court judge should have addressed questions of state law before ruling against Bank Markazi and Luxembourg intermediary Clearstream Banking  a unit of Deutsche Boerse.In a 3-0 decision  the panel also rejected a claim that a 2019 federal law designed to make it easier to seize Iranian assets held outside the United States waived Bank Markazi's sovereign immunity.That law ""neither abrogates Bank Markazi's jurisdictional immunity nor provides an independent grant of subject matter jurisdiction "" Circuit Judge Robert Sack wrote.The court returned the case to U.S. District Loretta Preska  in Manhattan to address state law questions in the 11-year-old case  and whether the case can proceed in Bank Markazi's absence.Bombing victims sought to hold Iran liable for providing material support for the October 23  1983  suicide attack that killed 241 U.S. service members  by seizing bond proceeds held by Clearstream in a blocked account on Bank Markazi's behalf.Bank Markazi claimed immunity under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.Lawyers for the plaintiffs did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Bank Markazi's and Clearstream's lawyers did not immediately respond to similar requests.Iran  other U.S.-designated sponsors of terrorism  and banks accused of providing services to terrorists face thousands of claims in U.S. courts by victims and their families. It is often difficult for these claimants to collect judgments.In the Bank Markazi case  the plaintiffs sued in 2013 to partially satisfy a $2.65 billion default judgment they had won against Iran in 2007.Another judge dismissed the case in 2015  but the 2nd Circuit Court revived it in 2017.Then in 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court ordered a fresh review in light of the 2019 law  which then-President Donald Trump signed as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.The plaintiffs have said they hold more than $4 billion of judgments against Iran and have been unable to collect for decades.The case is Peterson et al v. Bank Markazi et al  2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals  No. 15-690.",negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"[""1983 Beirut bombing victims' $1.68B judgment"", 'US court', 'Iran bank', 'U.S. Marine Corps barracks', 'U.S. District Loretta Preska', 'other U.S.-designated sponsors', '2nd U.S. Circuit Court', 'A U.S. appeals court', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'Circuit Judge Robert Sack', 'Luxembourg intermediary Clearstream Banking', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', '2nd Circuit Court', 'U.S. courts', 'lower court judge', 'subject matter jurisdiction', 'President Donald Trump', '$2.65 billion default judgment', 'state law questions', 'Bank Markazi case', '$1.68 billion judgment', 'family members', 'foreign governments', 'sovereign immunity', 'central bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', '3-0 decision', 'Iranian assets', 'United States', 'independent grant', 'material support', 'suicide attack', 'bond proceeds', 'fresh review', '2019 federal law', 'jurisdictional immunity', '11-year-old case', 'similar requests', 'Bombing victims', '2019 law', '1983 bombing', 'Wednesday', 'troops', 'Beirut', 'Manhattan', 'panel', 'claim', 'absence', 'October', 'account', 'behalf', 'liability', 'Lawyers', 'plaintiffs', 'comment', 'terrorism', 'banks', 'services', 'terrorists', 'thousands', 'families', 'judgments', 'light', 'part', 'decades', 'Peterson']",2024-11-13,2024-11-15,voanews.com
47014,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.voanews.com/a/beirut-bombing-victims-1-68-billion-iran-judgment-overturned-by-us-appeals-court-/7863044.html,US court overturns 1983 Beirut bombing victims' $1.68B judgment against Iran bank,new york — A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday threw out a $1.68 billion judgment against Iran's central bank that had been won by family members of troops killed and injured in the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut. The 2nd U.S. Circu…,"A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday threw out a $1.68 billion judgment against Iran's central bank that had been won by family members of troops killed and injured in the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut.The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan said a lower court judge should have addressed questions of state law before ruling against Bank Markazi and Luxembourg intermediary Clearstream Banking  a unit of Deutsche Boerse.In a 3-0 decision  the panel also rejected a claim that a 2019 federal law designed to make it easier to seize Iranian assets held outside the United States waived Bank Markazi's sovereign immunity.That law ""neither abrogates Bank Markazi's jurisdictional immunity nor provides an independent grant of subject matter jurisdiction "" Circuit Judge Robert Sack wrote.The court returned the case to U.S. District Loretta Preska  in Manhattan to address state law questions in the 11-year-old case  and whether the case can proceed in Bank Markazi's absence.Bombing victims sought to hold Iran liable for providing material support for the October 23  1983  suicide attack that killed 241 U.S. service members  by seizing bond proceeds held by Clearstream in a blocked account on Bank Markazi's behalf.Bank Markazi claimed immunity under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.Lawyers for the plaintiffs did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Bank Markazi's and Clearstream's lawyers did not immediately respond to similar requests.Iran  other U.S.-designated sponsors of terrorism  and banks accused of providing services to terrorists face thousands of claims in U.S. courts by victims and their families. It is often difficult for these claimants to collect judgments.In the Bank Markazi case  the plaintiffs sued in 2013 to partially satisfy a $2.65 billion default judgment they had won against Iran in 2007.Another judge dismissed the case in 2015  but the 2nd Circuit Court revived it in 2017.Then in 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court ordered a fresh review in light of the 2019 law  which then-President Donald Trump signed as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.The plaintiffs have said they hold more than $4 billion of judgments against Iran and have been unable to collect for decades.The case is Peterson et al v. Bank Markazi et al  2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals  No. 15-690.",negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"[""1983 Beirut bombing victims' $1.68B judgment"", 'US court', 'Iran bank', 'U.S. Marine Corps barracks', 'U.S. District Loretta Preska', 'other U.S.-designated sponsors', '2nd U.S. Circuit Court', 'A U.S. appeals court', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'Circuit Judge Robert Sack', 'Luxembourg intermediary Clearstream Banking', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', '2nd Circuit Court', 'U.S. courts', 'lower court judge', 'subject matter jurisdiction', 'President Donald Trump', '$2.65 billion default judgment', 'state law questions', 'Bank Markazi case', '$1.68 billion judgment', 'family members', 'foreign governments', 'sovereign immunity', 'central bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', '3-0 decision', 'Iranian assets', 'United States', 'independent grant', 'material support', 'suicide attack', 'bond proceeds', 'fresh review', '2019 federal law', 'jurisdictional immunity', '11-year-old case', 'similar requests', 'Bombing victims', '2019 law', '1983 bombing', 'Wednesday', 'troops', 'Beirut', 'Manhattan', 'panel', 'claim', 'absence', 'October', 'account', 'behalf', 'liability', 'Lawyers', 'plaintiffs', 'comment', 'terrorism', 'banks', 'services', 'terrorists', 'thousands', 'families', 'judgments', 'light', 'part', 'decades', 'Peterson']",2024-11-13,2024-11-15,voanews.com
47015,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.tradersmagazine.com/flashback/flash-friday-catching-up-with-robert-schwartz/,FLASH FRIDAY: Catching Up with Robert Schwartz,Robert Schwartz graduated New York University in 1959 with a degree in English Literature & Writing – but he has built a long and successful career as a market structure guru  bridging academia and the capital markets industry.,FLASH FRIDAY is a weekly content series looking at the past  present and future of capital markets trading and technology. FLASH FRIDAY is sponsored by Instinet  a Nomura company.Robert Schwartz graduated New York University in 1959 with a degree in English Literature & Writing – but he has built a long and successful career as a market structure guru  bridging academia and the capital markets industry.Robert SchwartzThe Baruch College Professor of Finance has published over 70 journal articles and authored nine books; served as a consultant to various market centers including the New York Stock Exchange  Nasdaq  Instinet  the London Stock Exchange  and Deutsche Börse; and in 2009  he was named the first recipient of the World Federation of Exchanges’ annual Award for Excellence.Traders Magazine was happy to catch up with Schwartz on the eve of his annual event  the Baruch College Trading  Liquidity  and Market Structure Conference.What was happening at the time the conference was created that made launching it important  and what specific needs did it aim to address?We’re going back a long way. I ran a bunch of industry conferences while I was at NYU  and those experiences really showed me the value of connecting with industry professionals. One of the early conference series that I organized with two other people was the Global Equity Market Seminar (GEMS) which we held 21 times. The timing couldn’t have been better as European exchanges were transitioning from old  non-electronic systems to modernized  electronic ones  and the industry needed a forum to talk about building that new system. It wasn’t that we were so clever with timing; we were just lucky. My work in market microstructure  which wasn’t even recognized as a field back then  positioned me to help bridge the gap between academia and industry.How has conference evolved? Are there any topics that have become more prominent  reflecting industry or regulatory changes?The Trading  Liquidity  and Market Structure Conference has definitely evolved. Initially  it was geared more toward academics  but over time  more and more people from industry wanted to join. I’d say that a couple of years ago  we realized it was great to have a balance between academia and industry. Now  the themes that have become prominent include things like price discovery  short period volatility  and trading costs  as well as the complexities of liquidity provision. As regulation and markets have changed  these topics have really come to the forefront. This conference has become one of the few spaces where academic models and real-world insights can come together and inform each other.As the conference seeks to bridge the gap between industry and academia  what do you see as the most significant barriers to aligning these perspectives on trading?One of the biggest difficulties is getting academia to move beyond certain theoretical models that don’t fully capture real-world dynamics. There’s still a reliance on the idea of homogeneous expectations—that investors share similar views on prices. So much of academic microstructure assumes this  but in reality  we deal with divergent expectations. I feel a bit like a rebel here. At the conference  I hope to encourage academics to look beyond traditional models by interacting directly with industry professionals  who bring practical insights into the complexities of trading in a divergent expectations world.In industry  trading is viewed as a profession  while academia places less emphasis on it. What strategies encourage academic institutions to view trading as a profession?It’s very hard to shift what professors have been teaching for decades. I know firsthand  I’ve been at this for 50 years. I’ve found that experiential learning is key  and TraderEx is a major part of that. TraderEx  an interactive simulation model I co-developed with Bruce Weber  lets students enter orders in a simulated market environment. I often say it’s like driving a car instead of sitting in the passenger seat. They start to understand that trading isn’t simple  it’s complex  dynamic  and very real. This approach helps students recognize that trading is a professional activity.What skills does TraderEx help develop for roles in trading  portfolio management  and understanding market structure? How does it translate theoretical knowledge into practical skills?TraderEx is absolutely vital  it creates dynamic order flows that reflect real-world market behavior. Our goal with the simulation is to let people understand the difficulty  the challenge of trading. You can’t train someone to be a trader in a day  but TraderEx gives them a feel for it. By simulating order-driven markets  it helps them experience price change dynamics  liquidity issues  and trading strategies firsthand. This way  they can bridge theoretical knowledge with practical understandings they’ll need in the real world.What have been some highlights of your career?I’ve had quite a few. I’m most proud of is my work at Baruch College  especially establishing the Robert A. Schwartz Center for Trading and Financial Markets Research. If I can get the realization that I’ve had an impact on how investing is taught  especially in bridging academia and industry  that’s what I hope will be my legacy. That’s what I find exciting.What do you like most about the industry?What I love most are the people I’ve met. I’ve been so fortunate to meet and work with professionals who are deeply passionate about advancing knowledge in the field. Through my work with various exchanges  from the NYSE to Nasdaq to Deutsche Boerse and beyond  I’ve met wonderful people who are truly interested in understanding the big questions  like how we can improve market structure. Those relationships have been invaluable and make the work all the more meaningful.Any plans for the future?I’m as committed as ever to this work. I’m currently pursuing research in areas like high price volatility and the challenge of discovering prices in a divergent expectations world with several papers in progress. I also plan to reach a broader audience through podcasts on these topics  collaborating with people who are as passionate about them as I am. As long as I’m contributing and learning  I see no reason to stop.,positive,0.62,0.37,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.22,0.3,True,English,"['FLASH FRIDAY', 'Robert Schwartz', 'Global Equity Market Seminar', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'The Baruch College Professor', 'London Stock Exchange', 'New York University', 'weekly content series', 'Deutsche Börse', 'old, non-electronic systems', 'short period volatility', 'dynamic order flows', 'various market centers', 'market structure guru', 'real-world market behavior', 'Exchanges’ annual Award', 'interactive simulation model', 'price change dynamics', 'early conference series', 'two other people', 'Baruch College Trading', 'Robert A. Schwartz', 'Market Structure Conference', 'divergent expectations world', 'capital markets trading', 'capital markets industry', 'new system', 'real-world dynamics', 'market microstructure', 'market environment', 'The Trading', 'annual event', 'European exchanges', 'price discovery', 'Robert Schwartz', 'World Federation', 'real-world insights', 'homogeneous expectations', 'real world', 'order-driven markets', 'FLASH FRIDAY', 'Nomura company', 'English Literature', '70 journal articles', 'nine books', 'first recipient', 'Traders Magazine', 'specific needs', 'regulatory changes', 'academic models', 'significant barriers', 'biggest difficulties', 'theoretical models', 'similar views', 'academic microstructure', 'traditional models', 'practical insights', 'less emphasis', 'What strategies', 'academic institutions', 'experiential learning', 'major part', 'Bruce Weber', 'passenger seat', 'professional activity', 'portfolio management', 'theoretical knowledge', 'practical understandings', 'trading costs', 'trading strategies', 'successful career', 'liquidity provision', 'practical skills', 'liquidity issues', 'industry conferences', 'industry professionals', 'present', 'future', 'technology', 'Instinet', 'degree', 'Writing', 'long', 'academia', 'Finance', 'consultant', 'Nasdaq', 'Excellence', 'time', 'bunch', 'NYU', 'experiences', 'value', 'GEMS', 'timing', 'modernized', 'forum', 'work', 'field', 'gap', 'topics', 'academics', 'balance', 'themes', 'things', 'complexities', 'regulation', 'forefront', 'spaces', 'perspectives', 'reliance', 'idea', 'investors', 'prices', 'reality', 'rebel', 'professors', 'decades', '50 years', 'TraderEx', 'students', 'orders', 'simulated', 'approach', 'roles', 'goal', 'difficulty', 'challenge', 'someone', 'feel', 'highlights']",2024-11-15,2024-11-15,tradersmagazine.com
47016,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/commercial-reports/glanbia-team-prove-outstanding-in-field-of-annual-reports-with-double-win-at-awards/,Glanbia team prove outstanding in field of annual reports with double win at awards,TThe Shelbourne Hotel was a hive of activity at a glittering awards ceremony for the Published Accounts Awards on Thursday  November 7. MC and special guest  acclaimed comedian Ri,Leaders in the field of published accounts were honoured at a glittering ceremony at the ShelbourneTThe Shelbourne Hotel was a hive of activity at a glittering awards ceremony for the Published Accounts Awards on Thursday  November 7. MC and special guest  acclaimed comedian Risteárd Cooper  entertained attendees who congratulated the 14 winners of the different categories  which saw Glanbia take home both the Euronext Dublin (Large Cap > €1bn) Award and the gong for Overall Winner.“We are honoured to win this award ” said Marian Ryan  head of group financial reporting  Glanbia.“We put a lot of time  effort and resourcing into it [the annual report] and are very proud of the output  so to get an acknowledgement like this is very rewarding.”Kenmare won the Euronext Dublin (SME < €1bn) Award and managing director Tom Hickey said its annual report was a “huge team effort and the results of months of planning and hard work”.“We are proud of how we communicate the Kenmare story  particularly in terms of underlining our commitment to being a trusted corporate citizen ” he said. “Sustainability has always been at the heart of our business and this is reflected throughout our reporting  with sustainability-focused case studies and facts interwoven throughout.“Our 2023 Annual Report also set the scene for a year ahead of transition  as during 2024 our long-serving managing director  Michael Carvill  stepped down after 38 years and work got fully under way on one of the largest capital projects in the company’s history.“During 2024 people at all levels within the company participated in developing our new purpose statement  which will be unveiled in the coming weeks  and we’re looking forward to using that as a focal point for our 2024 Annual Report.”Other winners included DCC plc  who won the award for Company Listed on a Foreign Market  Origin was honoured with the Euronext Growth Award  ESB won the Statutory or Unlisted Entity (IFRS) Award and daa won the Statutory or Unlisted Entity (Non-IFRS) Award.Previous Next Image 1 of 7 Bank of Ireland won the Diversity and Inclusion Award —Listed or Unlisted Entity at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024 and Susan Breen  Bank of Ireland Photo by Iain White Photography Image 2 of 7 Jigsaw won the Diversity and Inclusion Award — Not for Profit Category at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024 and Peter McDevitt  Jigsaw Photo by Iain White Photography Image 3 of 7 Bank of Ireland won the Arachas Sustainability and ESG Reporting Award — Listed Entity at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024  Natalia Cooney  Bank of Ireland and Matt Nicholson  Arachas Photo by Iain White Photography Image 4 of 7 CIÉ Group won the Sustainability and ESG Reporting Award — Unlisted Entity at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024 and Kate Farrell  CIÉ Group Photo by Iain White Photography Image 5 of 7 Barnardos won the Branding  Communication & Digital Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024 and Martin Hannigan  Barnardos Photo by Iain White Photography Image 6 of 7 Origin Enterprises won the Euronext Growth Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024  Eileen Kelly  Origin Enterprises and Niall Jones  Euronext Photo by Iain White Photography Image 7 of 7 Barretstown won the Small/Medium Not for Profit Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024 and Catriona Haverty  Barretstown Photo by Iain White PhotographyThe Arachas Large Not for Profit Award was won by Jigsaw  the Small/Medium Not for Profit Award by Barretstown and the Arachas Sustainability & ESG Reporting Award (Listed Entity) by Bank of Ireland.Equality  inclusion and the environment are always important factors in any awards ceremony and the Published Accounts Awards was no different with CIÉ Group winning the Sustainability & ESG Reporting Award (Unlisted Entity)  Bank of Ireland being awarded the Diversity & Inclusion Award (Listed or Unlisted Entity)  Jigsaw receiving a second accolade with the Diversity & Inclusion Award (Not for Profit) and Barnardos taking home the Branding  Communication & Digital Award.Sustainability has always been at the heart of our business and this is reflected throughout our reportingAccording to the judges  standards were very high and they had some tough decisions to make  but certain factors made the winners stand out.Sandra Healy  CEO and founder of inclusio  a Diversity and Inclusion judge of the PAA said that while choosing the winner was difficult  the winner in this category was very deserving.“As a Published Accounts Award judge for many years  I look for tangible evidence and data to back up the commitments made and I’m impressed with the rise in standards year on year ” she said. “There is a clear shift in the non-financial aspects of the reports  in particular  activities related to people and culture.“It was a difficult decision  however there was a clear winner. It’s a sign of real progress when an organisation can focus on other demographics in addition to gender representation. Some organisations really struggled to evidence progress as they lack data — and we know  what gets measured gets done.“What stood out about this year’s submissions as a whole was that the visual aspects of the reports have come a long way — and this makes them more interesting to engage with.”Michael Wickham Moriarty  director of strategic finance  in Plan International  and PAA Charity judge agreed.“I think the standard of the not-for-profit annual reports was really high  as they have improved significantly in recent years ” he said. “Some annual reports were mixed-media and included links to websites and videos  but the best reports combined hard data on performance against key performance indicators with emotional case study stories of the impact of the not-for-profits.“The high standard made the judging process difficult — however  even the strongest performing not-for-profits need to improve their annual reports each year in order to stay in contention for the awards.”Previous Next Image 1 of 7 Jigsaw won the Arachas Large Not for Profit Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024  Peter McDevitt  Jigsaw and Amanda Harton  Arachas Photo by Iain White Photography Image 2 of 7 DCC won the Company Listed on a Foreign Market Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024 and Orla Cooper  DCC Photo by Iain White Photography Image 3 of 7 ESB won the Statutory or Unlisted Entity (IFRS) Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024 and Paul O’Riordan  ESB Photo by Iain White Photography Image 4 of 7 daa won the Statutory or Unlisted Entity (Non-IFRS) Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024 and Fiona Falvey  daa Photo by Iain White Photography Image 5 of 7 Kenmare Resources won the Euronext Dublin (SME <€1bn) Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024  David O’Brien  Kenmare Resources and Niall Jones  Euronext Photo by Iain White Photography Image 6 of 7 Glanbia won the Euronext Dublin (Large Cap >€1bn) Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024  Marian Ryan  Glanbia and Niall Jones  Euronext Photo by Iain White Photography Image 7 of 7 Glanbia won the Overall Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2024. From left: Darren Holmes  chair of PAA 2024  Mark Garvey  Glanbia and Damien Carr  chair  Chartered Accountants Ireland Leinster Society Photo by Iain White PhotographyMike Mansfield  director of communications and fundraising  Jigsaw  said that the two awards received by the organisation were “hugely significant”.“Both accolades speak to the quality of our annual report  but they also recognise our work ” he said. “The awards acknowledge the impact of Jigsaw across the country  the robustness of our governance and the honesty of those young people brave enough to share their story. We are particularly proud of the Diversity and Inclusion award — external validation of this kind is hugely encouraging and reminds us the journey we are on is being recognised by some of the leading experts in our country.Lorraine Cody  financial accountant  ESB said the award “validates the work” its staff has done.“It is well deserved recognition for all those who work so hard to produce an Annual Report which is accurate  comprehensive and useful for our stakeholders.”Full list of winners• Euronext Growth Award: Origin Enterprises• Euronext Dublin (SME• Euronext Dublin (Large Cap >€1bn): Glanbia• Company Listed on a Foreign Market: DCC• Statutory or Unlisted Entity (IFRS): ESB• Statutory or Unlisted Entity (Non-IFRS): daa• Arachas Not for Profit – Large: Jigsaw• Not for Profit - Small / Medium: Barretstown• Arachas Sustainability and ESG Reporting Award Listed entities: Bank of Ireland• Sustainability and ESG Reporting Award Unlisted entities: CIÉ Group• Branding  Communication and Digital Award: Barnardos• Diversity and Inclusion Award - Not for Profit: Jigsaw• Diversity and Inclusion Award - Listed and Unlisted entities: Bank of IrelandFor more information visit our website,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['Glanbia team', 'annual reports', 'double win', 'field', 'awards', 'Iain White Photography Image', 'Published Accounts Award judge', 'Previous Next Image', 'Risteárd Cooper', 'trusted corporate citizen', 'sustainability-focused case studies', 'largest capital projects', 'new purpose statement', 'TThe Shelbourne Hotel', 'huge team effort', 'serving managing director', 'group financial reporting', 'ESG Reporting Award', 'Euronext Growth Award', 'glittering awards ceremony', 'CIÉ Group Photo', 'glittering ceremony', 'Inclusion judge', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Euronext Photo', 'Accounts Awards', 'IFRS) Award', 'Digital Award', 'Inclusion Award', 'special guest', 'different categories', 'Large Cap', 'Marian Ryan', 'annual report', 'Tom Hickey', 'Michael Carvill', 'coming weeks', 'focal point', 'DCC plc', 'Foreign Market', 'Darren Holmes', 'Susan Breen', 'Peter McDevitt', 'Natalia Cooney', 'Matt Nicholson', 'Arachas Photo', 'Kate Farrell', 'Martin Hannigan', 'Eileen Kelly', 'Niall Jones', 'Catriona Haverty', 'The Arachas', 'second accolade', 'tough decisions', 'Sandra Healy', 'tangible evidence', 'clear shift', 'non-financial aspects', 'Profit Award', 'Unlisted Entity', '7 Origin Enterprises', 'hard work', 'Kenmare story', 'important factors', 'many years', 'Overall Winner', 'Other winners', 'Arachas Sustainability', 'Barnardos Photo', 'Barretstown Photo', 'Profit Category', 'Jigsaw Photo', '38 years', '14 winners', '7 Barnardos', '7 Barretstown', '7 Jigsaw', 'Leaders', 'field', 'hive', 'activity', 'Thursday', 'November', 'comedian', 'attendees', 'Glanbia', 'gong', 'head', 'lot', 'time', 'output', 'acknowledgement', 'SME', 'results', 'months', 'planning', 'terms', 'commitment', 'heart', 'business', 'facts', 'scene', 'transition', 'way', 'company', 'history', '2024 people', 'levels', 'ESB', 'Statutory', 'daa', '7 Bank', 'Ireland', 'Diversity', 'left', 'chair', 'PAA', 'Communication', 'Small/Medium', 'Equality', 'environment', 'Branding', 'judges', 'standards', 'CEO', 'founder', 'data', 'reports', 'activities']",2024-11-15,2024-11-15,businesspost.ie
47017,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-orange-contests-measures-170400837.html,Press release: Orange contests the measures taken by the PNF concerning a VAT allocation dispute for 2017-2019,Press releaseParis Orange contests the measures taken by the PNF concerning a VAT allocation dispute for 2017-2019 As part of an ongoing dispute with the tax administration  the National Financial Prosecutor's Office (PNF) is looking into the VAT rates applied to certain promotional offers marketed by Orange mainly between 2017 and 2019.,"OrangePress releaseParis  15 November 2024Orange contests the measures taken by the PNF concerning a VAT allocation dispute for 2017-2019As part of an ongoing dispute with the tax administration  the National Financial Prosecutor's Office (PNF) is looking into the VAT rates applied to certain promotional offers marketed by Orange mainly between 2017 and 2019. The Group firmly contests the measures taken to recover additional tax payments and the alleged infractions levied against it.In this context  on 7 October 2024  the authority ordered the seizure of 312 million euros. This amount has been deposited with the French public financial institution Caisse des dépôts et consignations and will remain unavailable to Orange during the procedure. These amounts will be recorded in a specific account on Orange's balance sheet and will appear as such in its financial statements as of 31 December 2024. This seizure does not call into question the Group's financial guidance.Orange appealed this seizure. Given that the Group contests all additional payments linked to this tax readjustment  this procedure does not change the assessment of risk described in the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document (URD).Neither Orange's financial situation nor its reputation justifies such a measure. Orange is one of the leading telecommunications operators in the world with  as of 30 June 2024  a consolidated total balance sheet of 104.4 billion euros  and a cash position of 17.4 billion euros for telecom activities. In addition  Orange is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (symbol: ORA) and the French state holds 22.95% of its share capital.Independently  during this preliminary investigation phase  Orange is fully cooperating with the PNF to determine the documentary scope of the investigations.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 39.7 billion euros in 2023 and 128 000 employees worldwide at 30 September 2024  including 71 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 292 million customers worldwide at 30 September 2024  including 253 million mobile customers and 22 million fixed broadband customers. These figures have been restated to account for the deconsolidation of certain activities in Spain following the creation of MASORANGE. The Group is present in 26 countries (including non-consolidated countries).Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on X: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Story continues",neutral,0.01,0.8,0.19,negative,0.0,0.4,0.6,True,English,"['VAT allocation dispute', 'Press release', 'Orange', 'measures', 'PNF', '2017-2019', 'Caisse des dépôts', '22 million fixed broadband customers', 'French public financial institution', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'consolidated total balance sheet', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'total customer base', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'preliminary investigation phase', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'National Financial Prosecutor', 'VAT allocation dispute', 'new business model', '253 million mobile customers', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', 'additional tax payments', '292 million customers', 'additional payments', 'French state', 'telecommunication services', '312 million euros', 'leading provider', 'financial statements', 'financial guidance', 'financial situation', 'ongoing dispute', 'VAT rates', 'consolidated countries', 'tax administration', 'tax readjustment', 'Press release', 'promotional offers', 'alleged infractions', 'specific account', '104.4 billion euros', 'cash position', '17.4 billion euros', 'share capital', 'documentary scope', '39.7 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'service names', 'telecom activities', 'symbol ORA', 'The Group', 'Orange Business', '26 countries', '15 November', 'measures', 'PNF', 'part', 'Office', 'context', '7 October', 'authority', 'seizure', 'amount', 'consignations', 'procedure', '31 December', 'question', 'assessment', 'risk', 'URD', 'reputation', 'world', '30 June', 'investigations', 'revenues', '128,000 employees', '30 September', '71,000 employees', 'France', 'figures', 'deconsolidation', 'Spain', 'creation', 'MASORANGE', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'information', 'internet', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Story', '2017']",2024-11-15,2024-11-15,uk.finance.yahoo.com
47018,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-11/63832971-ipsen-pharma-iqirvo-elafibranor-data-shows-efficacy-and-safety-for-up-to-3-years-in-patients-with-pbc-with-improvements-in-fatigue-and-pruritus-399.htm,Ipsen Pharma: Iqirvo (elafibranor) data shows efficacy and safety for up to 3 years in patients with PBC with improvements in fatigue and pruritus,Ipsen presents 3 late-breaking presentations and 8 abstracts across rare cholestatic liver disease portfolio at AASLD 2024Iqirvo approved for use in the U.S. in June 2024  in the E.U. in September 202,"Ipsen presents 3 late-breaking presentations and 8 abstracts across rare cholestatic liver disease portfolio at AASLD 2024Iqirvo approved for use in the U.S. in June 2024  in the E.U. in September 2024 and in the U.K. in October 2024PARIS  FRANCE  15 November 2024 Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today late-breaking data for Iqirvo® (elafibranor 80 mg tablets) from an interim analysis of the ongoing open-label extension of the Phase III ELATIVE® study at the American Association for the Study of Liver Disease (AASLD) congress. The late-breaking presentations (Abstract #5041 and Abstract #5042) report on biomarkers of cholestasis  stabilization of surrogate markers of liver fibrosis and moderate-to-severe pruritus data for up to three years in Iqirvo-treated patients. Additionally  exploratory endpoints in fatigue and sleep were evaluated using patient-reported outcomes tools.""Over three years  Iqirvo data suggest sustained efficacy and support the safety profile of the medicine. Importantly  when patients tell me they are less impacted by itch and fatigue-that matters to me as a physician "" said Dr. Kris Kowdley  Director at The Liver Institute Northwest  Washington and a primary investigator on the ELATIVE study. ""Treatment with Iqirvo had an impact on symptoms of pruritus and surrogate markers of fibrosis  which are important findings for people living with PBC.""""Fatigue is a symptom often reported by people living with PBC and is also very challenging to manage "" said Dr. Mark Swain  Department of Medicine  Cumming School of Medicine  University of Calgary  Canada. ""Patients treated with Iqirvo reported improvement in fatigue and sleep  across several patient-reported outcome measures.""The open-label extension (OLE) included 138 patients who completed the double-blind period of the Phase III ELATIVE® study1. This interim analysis was performed after at least one year of treatment with Iqirvo in the OLE (up to three years total). In patients receiving three years of continuous treatment with Iqirvo across the double-blind period and OLE (n=13)  85 percent had a biochemical response (n=11/13; ALP <1.67 x ULN  with = 15% reduction from baseline and total bilirubin = ULN) and 39 percent achieved ALP normalization (n=5/13) at week 156. Surrogate markers of liver fibrosis  liver stiffness measurements (n=23) and enhanced liver fibrosis (ELF) (n=19) scores  suggest stabilization when measured from baseline to week 130. In patients continuously receiving Iqirvo for up to 156 weeks  pruritus improvements were sustained for patients with moderate or severe pruritus at baseline (n=5).No new safety findings were observed. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events (>10 percent) occurring more frequently in patients treated with Iqirvo than placebo in the double-blind period of the trial (abdominal pain  diarrhea  nausea and vomiting) were also reported in the OLE.The impact of Iqirvo on fatigue and sleep were investigated as an exploratory endpoint in the OLE.2 Changes in fatigue or sleepiness (including normal sleep) were reviewed from baseline to week 104 looking at the minimal clinically important differences and categorical changes (n=48). Fatigue and sleep improvements for patients treated with Iqirvo were observed at week 104 across three patient-reported outcome (PRO) tools. In patients with moderate-to-severe fatigue or excessive sleepiness at baseline  clinically meaningful improvements were observed after 104 weeks of treatment with Iqirvo in 56 percent (n=18) of patients according to the PRO Measurement Information System (PROMIS) Fatigue Short Form 7a  50 percent (n=24) of patients according to the fatigue domain of the PBC-40  and 69 percent (n=16) of patients according to the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS). These are interim data and have not been submitted to regulatory agencies. A confirmatory study of Iqirvo is ongoing (NCT06016842).""People living with PBC tell us just how devastating this disease can be for patients and their families "" said Sandra Silvestri  EVP and Chief Medical Officer  Ipsen. ""Data like these continue to provide prescribers with a clear rationale for Iqirvo. As the first-in-class PPAR approved for the treatment of PBC  Iqirvo is on track to be the treatment of choice for patients living with PBC. Ipsen is committed to being a leader the rare liver community can count on.""About PBCPBC is a rare  autoimmune  cholestatic liver disease where a build-up of bile and toxins (cholestasis) and chronic inflammation causes irreversible fibrosis (scarring) of the liver and destruction of the bile ducts. Impacting approximately 100 000 people in the U.S. 3 the majority being women  PBC is a lifelong condition that can worsen over time if not effectively treated  may lead to liver transplant and in some cases  premature death. The high symptom burden of PBC can also have an impact on daily life.Iqirvo (elafibranor) posters presented at AASLDPoster or Oral # Full Title Authors Poster  Abstract [5041]?Monday 18 November?13:00-14:00?Poster Session IV? Long-term efficacy and safety of elafibranor in primary biliary cholangitis:Interim results from the open-label extension of the ELATIVE® trial up to 3 years - Kris V. Kowdley et al.? Poster  Abstract [5042]?Monday 18 November?13:00-14:00?Poster Session IV? Impact of elafibranor on fatigue in patients with primary biliary cholangitis:Interim results from the long-term open-label extension of the ELATIVE® trial - Mark Swain et al. ? Poster  Abstract [4274]?Monday 18 November?13:00-14:00?Poster Session IV? Beyond the mean: Exploring the impact of baseline alkaline phosphatase levels on endpoints in primary biliary cholangitis? Cynthia Levy et al.? Oral  Abstract Parallel  ePoster [43]?Monday 18 November?11:00-11:15 ?Human Cholestatic  PBC and other Biliary Disorders in Children and Adults? One-year treatment with elafibranor in the Phase III ELATIVE® trial improves GLOBE and UK-PBC prognostic scores? Kris V. Kowdley et al. ? Poster  Abstract [4292]?Monday 18 November?13:00-14:00?Poster Session IV? Use of machine learning (ML) models to stratify response patterns to first-line treatment of primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA)? Seema T. Meloni et al. ? Poster  Abstract [4349]?Monday 18 November?13:00-14:00?Poster Session IV? Elafibranor has no impact on markers of renal function in primary biliary cholangitis: results from the Phase III ELATIVE® trial? Marcelo Kugelmas et al.? Poster  Abstract [4358]?Monday 18 November?13:00-14:00?Poster Session IV? Economic burden of patients with primary biliary cholangitis and experiencing fatigue or pruritus in the United States? Nisreen Shamseddine et al.About Iqirvo® (elafibranor)80 mg tabletIqirvo is an oral  once-daily  peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)  indicated for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults who have an inadequate response to UDCA  or as monotherapy in patients unable to tolerate UDCA. While the mechanism is not well understood  pharmacological activity that is potentially relevant to Iqirvo therapeutic effects includes inhibition of bile acid synthesis through activation of PPAR-alpha and PPAR-delta. In 2019  Iqirvo was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the U.S Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in adults with PBC who have an inadequate response to ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) the existing first-line therapy for PBC. Iqirvo was granted U.S. FDA accelerated approval in June 2024  EU conditional approval by the EMA in September 2024 and UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) approval in October 2024  for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults who have an inadequate response to UDCA  or as monotherapy in patients unable to tolerate UDCA. The FDA and EMA approvals are contingent on the further verification of clinical benefit. Iqirvo is currently in regulatory processes with other authorities. Iqirvo (elafibranor) was developed by GENFIT. Ipsen licensed the exclusive worldwide rights (except China  Hong Kong  Taiwan and Macau) to elafibranor from GENFIT in 2021.INDICATIONIQIRVO® is indicated for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults with an inadequate response to UDCA  or as monotherapy in adults unable to tolerate UDCA.This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on reduction of alkaline phosphatase (ALP). Improvement in survival or prevention of liver decompensation events have not been demonstrated. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trial(s).Limitations of UseUse of IQIRVO is not recommended in patients who have or develop decompensated cirrhosis (e.g.  ascites  variceal bleeding  hepatic encephalopathy).IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONMyalgia  Myopathy  and Rhabdomyolysis: Rhabdomyolysis resulting in acute kidney injury occurred in one IQIRVO-treated patient who had cirrhosis at baseline and was also taking a stable dose of an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor (statin). Myalgia or myopathy  with or without CPK elevations  occurred in patients treated with IQIRVO alone or treated concomitantly with a stable dose of an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor. Assess for myalgia and myopathy prior to IQIRVO initiation. Consider periodic assessment (clinical exam  CPK measurement) during treatment with IQIRVO  especially in those who have signs and symptoms of new onset or worsening of muscle pain or myopathy. Interrupt IQIRVO treatment if there is new onset or worsening of muscle pain  or myopathy  or rhabdomyolysis.Fractures: Fractures occurred in 6% of IQIRVO-treated patients compared to no placebo-treated patients. Consider the risk of fracture in the care of patients treated with IQIRVO and monitor bone health according to current standards of care.Adverse Effects on Fetal and Newborn Development: IQIRVO may cause fetal harm when administered during pregnancy. For females of reproductive potential  verify that the patient is not pregnant prior to initiation of therapy. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective non-hormonal contraceptives or add a barrier method when using systemic hormonal contraceptives during treatment with IQIRVO and for 3 weeks following the last dose of IQIRVO.Drug-Induced Liver Injury: Drug-induced liver injury occurred in one patient who took IQIRVO 80 mg once daily and two patients who took IQIRVO at 1.5-times the recommended dosage  of which one presented with autoimmune-like hepatitis. The median time to onset of elevation in liver tests was 85 days. Obtain baseline clinical and laboratory assessments at treatment initiation with IQIRVO and monitor thereafter according to routine patient management. Interrupt IQIRVO treatment if liver tests (ALT  AST  total bilirubin [TB]  and/or alkaline phosphatase [ALP]) worsen  or the patient develops signs and symptoms consistent with clinical hepatitis (e.g.  jaundice  right upper quadrant pain  eosinophilia). Consider permanent discontinuation if liver tests worsen after restarting IQIRVO.Hypersensitivity Reactions: Hypersensitivity reactions have occurred in a clinical trial with IQIRVO at 1.5-times the recommended dosage. Three patients (0.2%) had rash or unspecified allergic reaction that occurred 2 to 30 days after IQIRVO initiation. Hypersensitivity reactions resolved after discontinuation of IQIRVO and treatment with steroids and/or antihistamines. If a severe hypersensitivity reaction occurs  permanently discontinue IQIRVO. If a mild or moderate hypersensitivity reaction occurs  interrupt IQIRVO and treat promptly. Monitor the patient until signs and symptoms resolve. If a hypersensitivity reaction recurs after IQIRVO rechallenge  then permanently discontinue IQIRVO.Biliary Obstruction: Avoid use of IQIRVO in patients with complete biliary obstruction. If biliary obstruction is suspected  interrupt IQIRVO and treat as clinically indicated.Drug-Drug InteractionsIQIRVO may reduce the systemic exposure of progestin and ethinyl estradiol (CYP3A4 substrates)  which may lead to contraceptive failure and/or an increase in breakthrough bleeding. Switch to effective non-hormonal contraceptives or add a barrier method when using hormonal contraceptives during treatment with IQIRVO and for at least 3 weeks after last dose.CPK elevation and/or myalgia occurred in patients on IQIRVO monotherapy. Co-administration of IQIRVO and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors can increase the risk of myopathy. Monitor for signs and symptoms of muscle injury. Consider periodic assessment (clinical exam  CPK) during treatment. Interrupt IQIRVO treatment if there is new onset or worsening of muscle pain or myopathy.Co-administration of IQIRVO with rifampin  an inducer of metabolizing enzymes  may reduce the systemic exposure of elafibranor resulting in delayed or suboptimal biochemical response. Monitor the biochemical response (e.g.  ALP and bilirubin) when patients initiate rifampin during treatment with IQIRVO.Bile acid sequestrants may interfere with IQIRVO absorption and systemic exposure  which may reduce efficacy. Administer IQIRVO at least 4 hours before or after a bile acid sequestrant  or at as great an interval as possible.Use in Special PopulationsPregnancy: Based on data from animal reproduction studies  IQIRVO may cause fetal harm when administered during pregnancy. There are insufficient data from human pregnancies exposed to IQIRVO to allow an assessment of a drug-associated risk of major birth defects  miscarriage  or other adverse maternal or fetal outcomes. Report pregnancies to Ipsen Biopharmaceuticals  Inc. adverse event reporting line at 1-855-463-5127 or https://www.ipsen.com/contact-us/.Lactation: There are no data available on the presence of IQIRVO or its metabolites in human milk  or on effects of the drug on the breastfed infant or the effects on milk production. IQIRVO is not recommended during breastfeeding and for at least 3 weeks following last dose of IQIRVO because the risk to breastfed child cannot be excluded.Females and Males of Reproductive Potential: IQIRVO may cause fetal harm when administered to pregnant women. Verify the pregnancy status of females of reproductive potential prior to initiating IQIRVO. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with IQIRVO and for 3 weeks after the final dose.The most common adverse events occurring in =10% of patients were weight gain (23%)  abdominal pain (11%)  nausea (11%)  vomiting (11%)  and diarrhea (11%).You are encouraged to report side effects to FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch. You may also report side effects to Ipsen Biopharmaceuticals  Inc. at 1-855-463-5127.Please see full Prescribing Information for IQIRVO in the U.S.Please see full Prescribing Information for IQIRVO in the E.U.ENDSAbout IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience.Our pipeline is fueled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 80 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen contactsInvestorsNicolas Bogler | + 33 6 52 19 98 92MediaJennifer Smith-Parker | + 44 7843 13 77 64 | jennifer.smith-parker.ext@ipsen.comRachel Reiff | + 1 908 616 1680 | rachel.reiff@ipsen.comAnna Gibbins | + 44 7717 80 19 00| anna.gibbins@ipsen.comDisclaimers and/or Forward-Looking StatementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen's management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen's future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words 'believes'  'anticipates' and 'expects' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen's expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen's patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen's activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen's partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen's business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen's business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen's latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.References1.Kowdley. K . et al. Long term efficacy and safety of elafibranor in primary biliary cholangitis: Interim results from the open-label extension of the ELATIVE® trial up to 3 years . Poster  Abstract 5041. American Association for the Study of Liver Disease (AASLD).20242.Swain. M  et al. Impact of elafibranor on fatigue in patients with primary biliary cholangitis: Interim results from the long-term open-label extension of the ELATIVE® trial . Poster  Abstract 5042. American Association for the Study of Liver Disease (AASLD).20243Lu M  Zhou  et al. Fibrotic Liver Disease Consortium Investigators. Increasing Prevalence of Primary Biliary Cholangitis and Reduced Mortality With Treatment. Clin Gastroenterol Hepatol. 2018 Aug;16(8):1342-1350.e1. DOI: 10.1016/j.cgh.2017.12.033.Attachment",neutral,0.38,0.6,0.03,mixed,0.08,0.21,0.71,True,English,"['Ipsen Pharma', 'elafibranor) data', 'up to', 'Iqirvo', 'efficacy', 'safety', '3 years', 'patients', 'PBC', 'improvements', 'fatigue', 'pruritus', 'PROMIS) Fatigue Short Form 7a', 'rare cholestatic liver disease portfolio', 'rare, autoimmune, cholestatic liver disease', 'three patient-reported outcome (PRO) tools', 'several patient-reported outcome measures', 'PRO Measurement Information System', 'common treatment-emergent adverse events', 'minimal clinically important differences', 'The Liver Institute Northwest', 'Full Title Authors Poster', 'Phase III ELATIVE® study', 'patient-reported outcomes tools', 'up to three years', 'rare liver community', 'Dr. Kris Kowdley', 'Dr. Mark Swain', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'liver stiffness measurements', 'elafibranor 80 mg tablets', 'three years total', 'ongoing open-label extension', 'new safety findings', 'Epworth Sleepiness Scale', 'high symptom burden', 'severe pruritus data', 'ELATIVE study', 'important findings', 'liver transplant', 'liver fibrosis', 'confirmatory study', 'safety profile', 'total bilirubin', 'elafibranor) posters', 'Poster Session', '3 late-breaking presentations', 'U.S.', 'E.U.', 'U.K.', 'late-breaking data', 'interim analysis', 'American Association', 'surrogate markers', 'exploratory endpoints', 'sustained efficacy', 'primary investigator', 'Cumming School', 'double-blind period', 'one year', 'biochemical response', 'pruritus improvements', 'abdominal pain', 'excessive sleepiness', 'meaningful improvements', 'interim data', 'regulatory agencies', 'Sandra Silvestri', 'clear rationale', 'chronic inflammation', 'lifelong condition', 'premature death', 'daily life', 'Long-term eff', 'severe fatigue', 'irreversible fibrosis', 'fatigue domain', 'ALP normalization', 'categorical changes', 'bile ducts', 'normal sleep', 'sleep improvements', 'AASLD) congress', 'continuous treatment', 'Iqirvo-treated patients', 'Iqirvo data', 'AASLD 2024', '138 patients', 'Iqirvo®', 'Ipsen', '8 abstracts', 'use', 'June', 'September', 'October', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '15 November', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'biomarkers', 'cholestasis', 'stabilization', 'medicine', 'itch', 'physician', 'Director', 'Washington', 'impact', 'symptoms', 'people', 'PBC', 'Department', 'University', 'Calgary', 'Canada', '85 percent', 'ULN', '15% reduction', 'baseline', '39 percent', 'week', 'ELF', '9) scores', 'moderate', '>10 percent', 'placebo', 'trial', 'diarrhea', 'vomiting', '56 percent', '50 percent', '69 percent', 'families', 'EVP', 'prescribers', 'class', 'PPAR', 'track', 'choice', 'leader', 'build-up', 'toxins', 'destruction', 'majority', 'women', 'time', 'cases', 'Monday']",2024-11-06,2024-11-15,finanznachrichten.de
47019,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2024/11/16/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/iqirvo-elafibranor-data-shows-efficacy-and-safety-for-up-to-3-years-in-patients-with-pbc-with-improvements-in-fatigue-and-pruritus/2005612,Iqirvo® (elafibranor) data shows efficacy and safety for up to 3 years in patients with PBC with improvements in fatigue and pruritus,No new safety findings were observed. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events (>10 percent) occurring more frequently in patients treated with Iqirvo than placebo in the double-blind period of the trial (abdominal pain  diarrhea  nausea and vomiting) were also reported in the OLE.,"Ipsen presents 3 late-breaking presentations and 8 abstracts across rare cholestatic liver disease portfolio at AASLD 2024Iqirvo approved for use in the U.S. in June 2024  in the E.U. in September 2024 and in the U.K. in October 2024Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today late-breaking data for Iqirvo(elafibranor 80 mg tablets) from an interim analysis of the ongoing open-label extension of the Phase III ELATIVEstudy at the American Association for the Study of Liver Disease (AASLD) congress. The late-breaking presentations (Abstract #5041 and Abstract #5042) report on biomarkers of cholestasis  stabilization of surrogate markers of liver fibrosis and moderate-to-severe pruritus data for up to three years in Iqirvo-treated patients. Additionally  exploratory endpoints in fatigue and sleep were evaluated using patient-reported outcomes tools.""Over three years  Iqirvo data suggest sustained efficacy and support the safety profile of the medicine. Importantly  when patients tell me they are less impacted by itch and fatigue-that matters to me as a physician ” said Dr. Kris Kowdley  Director at The Liver Institute Northwest  Washington and a primary investigator on the ELATIVE study. ""Treatment with Iqirvo had an impact on symptoms of pruritus and surrogate markers of fibrosis  which are important findings for people living with PBC.”""Fatigue is a symptom often reported by people living with PBC and is also very challenging to manage ” said Dr. Mark Swain  Department of Medicine  Cumming School of Medicine  University of Calgary  Canada. ""Patients treated with Iqirvo reported improvement in fatigue and sleep  across several patient-reported outcome measures.”The open-label extension (OLE) included 138 patients who completed the double-blind period of the Phase III ELATIVE® study1. This interim analysis was performed after at least one year of treatment with Iqirvo in the OLE (up to three years total). In patients receiving three years of continuous treatment with Iqirvo across the double-blind period and OLE (n=13)  85 percent had a biochemical response (n=11/13; ALP <1.67 x ULN  with ≥ 15% reduction from baseline and total bilirubin ≤ ULN) and 39 percent achieved ALP normalization (n=5/13) at week 156. Surrogate markers of liver fibrosis  liver stiffness measurements (n=23) and enhanced liver fibrosis (ELF™) (n=19) scores  suggest stabilization when measured from baseline to week 130. In patients continuously receiving Iqirvo for up to 156 weeks  pruritus improvements were sustained for patients with moderate or severe pruritus at baseline (n=5).No new safety findings were observed. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events (>10 percent) occurring more frequently in patients treated with Iqirvo than placebo in the double-blind period of the trial (abdominal pain  diarrhea  nausea and vomiting) were also reported in the OLE.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThe impact of Iqirvo on fatigue and sleep were investigated as an exploratory endpoint in the OLE.2 Changes in fatigue or sleepiness (including normal sleep) were reviewed from baseline to week 104 looking at the minimal clinically important differences and categorical changes (n=48). Fatigue and sleep improvements for patients treated with Iqirvo were observed at week 104 across three patient-reported outcome (PRO) tools. In patients with moderate-to-severe fatigue or excessive sleepiness at baseline  clinically meaningful improvements were observed after 104 weeks of treatment with Iqirvo in 56 percent (n=18) of patients according to the PRO Measurement Information System (PROMIS) Fatigue Short Form 7a  50 percent (n=24) of patients according to the fatigue domain of the PBC-40  and 69 percent (n=16) of patients according to the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS). These are interim data and have not been submitted to regulatory agencies. A confirmatory study of Iqirvo is ongoing (NCT06016842).""People living with PBC tell us just how devastating this disease can be for patients and their families ” said Sandra Silvestri  EVP and Chief Medical Officer  Ipsen. ""Data like these continue to provide prescribers with a clear rationale for Iqirvo. As the first-in-class PPAR approved for the treatment of PBC  Iqirvo is on track to be the treatment of choice for patients living with PBC. Ipsen is committed to being a leader the rare liver community can count on.”AdvertisementAbout PBCPBC is a rare  autoimmune  cholestatic liver disease where a build-up of bile and toxins (cholestasis) and chronic inflammation causes irreversible fibrosis (scarring) of the liver and destruction of the bile ducts. Impacting approximately 100 000 people in the U.S. 3 the majority being women  PBC is a lifelong condition that can worsen over time if not effectively treated  may lead to liver transplant and in some cases  premature death. The high symptom burden of PBC can also have an impact on daily life.Iqirvo (elafibranor) posters presented at AASLDPoster or Oral # Full Title Authors Poster  Abstract [5041]​ Advertisement Monday 18 November​ 13:00-14:00​ Poster Session IV​ Long-term efficacy and safety of elafibranor in primary biliary cholangitis: Interim results from the open-label extension of the ELATIVE® trial up to 3 years ​ Kris V. Kowdley et al.​ Poster  Abstract [5042]​ Advertisement Monday 18 November​ 13:00-14:00​ Poster Session IV​ Impact of elafibranor on fatigue in patients with primary biliary cholangitis: Interim results from the long-term open-label extension of the ELATIVE® trial ​ Mark Swain et al. ​ Poster  Abstract [4274]​ Advertisement Monday 18 November​ 13:00-14:00​ Poster Session IV​ Beyond the mean: Exploring the impact of baseline alkaline phosphatase levels on endpoints in primary biliary cholangitis​ Cynthia Levy et al.​ Oral  Abstract Parallel  ePoster [43]​ Monday 18 November​ Advertisement 11:00-11:15 ​ Human Cholestatic  PBC and other Biliary Disorders in Children and Adults​ One-year treatment with elafibranor in the Phase III ELATIVE® trial improves GLOBE and UK-PBC prognostic scores​ Kris V. Kowdley et al. ​ Poster  Abstract [4292]​ Monday 18 November​ 13:00-14:00​ Advertisement Poster Session IV​ Use of machine learning (ML) models to stratify response patterns to first-line treatment of primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA)​ Seema T. Meloni et al. ​ Poster  Abstract [4349]​ Monday 18 November​ 13:00-14:00​ Poster Session IV​ Elafibranor has no impact on markers of renal function in primary biliary cholangitis: results from the Phase III ELATIVE® trial​ Marcelo Kugelmas et al.​ Poster  Abstract [4358]​ Monday 18 November​ 13:00-14:00​ Poster Session IV​ Economic burden of patients with primary biliary cholangitis and experiencing fatigue or pruritus in the United States​ Nisreen Shamseddine et al.Iqirvo is an oral  once-daily  peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)  indicated for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults who have an inadequate response to UDCA  or as monotherapy in patients unable to tolerate UDCA. While the mechanism is not well understood  pharmacological activity that is potentially relevant to Iqirvo therapeutic effects includes inhibition of bile acid synthesis through activation of PPAR-alpha and PPAR-delta. In 2019  Iqirvo was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the U.S Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in adults with PBC who have an inadequate response to ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) the existing first-line therapy for PBC. Iqirvo was granted U.S. FDA accelerated approval in June 2024  EU conditional approval by the EMA in September 2024 and UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) approval in October 2024  for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults who have an inadequate response to UDCA  or as monotherapy in patients unable to tolerate UDCA. The FDA and EMA approvals are contingent on the further verification of clinical benefit. Iqirvo is currently in regulatory processes with other authorities. Iqirvo (elafibranor) was developed by GENFIT. Ipsen licensed the exclusive worldwide rights (except China  Hong Kong  Taiwan and Macau) to elafibranor from GENFIT in 2021.INDICATIONIQIRVO® is indicated for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults with an inadequate response to UDCA  or as monotherapy in adults unable to tolerate UDCA.This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on reduction of alkaline phosphatase (ALP). Improvement in survival or prevention of liver decompensation events have not been demonstrated. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trial(s).Limitations of UseUse of IQIRVO is not recommended in patients who have or develop decompensated cirrhosis (e.g.  ascites  variceal bleeding  hepatic encephalopathy).IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONMyalgia  Myopathy  and Rhabdomyolysis: Rhabdomyolysis resulting in acute kidney injury occurred in one IQIRVO-treated patient who had cirrhosis at baseline and was also taking a stable dose of an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor (statin). Myalgia or myopathy  with or without CPK elevations  occurred in patients treated with IQIRVO alone or treated concomitantly with a stable dose of an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor. Assess for myalgia and myopathy prior to IQIRVO initiation. Consider periodic assessment (clinical exam  CPK measurement) during treatment with IQIRVO  especially in those who have signs and symptoms of new onset or worsening of muscle pain or myopathy. Interrupt IQIRVO treatment if there is new onset or worsening of muscle pain  or myopathy  or rhabdomyolysis.Fractures: Fractures occurred in 6% of IQIRVO-treated patients compared to no placebo-treated patients. Consider the risk of fracture in the care of patients treated with IQIRVO and monitor bone health according to current standards of care.Adverse Effects on Fetal and Newborn Development: IQIRVO may cause fetal harm when administered during pregnancy. For females of reproductive potential  verify that the patient is not pregnant prior to initiation of therapy. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective non-hormonal contraceptives or add a barrier method when using systemic hormonal contraceptives during treatment with IQIRVO and for 3 weeks following the last dose of IQIRVO.Drug-Induced Liver Injury: Drug-induced liver injury occurred in one patient who took IQIRVO 80 mg once daily and two patients who took IQIRVO at 1.5-times the recommended dosage  of which one presented with autoimmune-like hepatitis. The median time to onset of elevation in liver tests was 85 days. Obtain baseline clinical and laboratory assessments at treatment initiation with IQIRVO and monitor thereafter according to routine patient management. Interrupt IQIRVO treatment if liver tests (ALT  AST  total bilirubin [TB]  and/or alkaline phosphatase [ALP]) worsen  or the patient develops signs and symptoms consistent with clinical hepatitis (e.g.  jaundice  right upper quadrant pain  eosinophilia). Consider permanent discontinuation if liver tests worsen after restarting IQIRVO.Hypersensitivity Reactions: Hypersensitivity reactions have occurred in a clinical trial with IQIRVO at 1.5-times the recommended dosage. Three patients (0.2%) had rash or unspecified allergic reaction that occurred 2 to 30 days after IQIRVO initiation. Hypersensitivity reactions resolved after discontinuation of IQIRVO and treatment with steroids and/or antihistamines. If a severe hypersensitivity reaction occurs  permanently discontinue IQIRVO. If a mild or moderate hypersensitivity reaction occurs  interrupt IQIRVO and treat promptly. Monitor the patient until signs and symptoms resolve. If a hypersensitivity reaction recurs after IQIRVO rechallenge  then permanently discontinue IQIRVO.Biliary Obstruction: Avoid use of IQIRVO in patients with complete biliary obstruction. If biliary obstruction is suspected  interrupt IQIRVO and treat as clinically indicated.Drug-Drug InteractionsIQIRVO may reduce the systemic exposure of progestin and ethinyl estradiol (CYP3A4 substrates)  which may lead to contraceptive failure and/or an increase in breakthrough bleeding. Switch to effective non-hormonal contraceptives or add a barrier method when using hormonal contraceptives during treatment with IQIRVO and for at least 3 weeks after last dose.CPK elevation and/or myalgia occurred in patients on IQIRVO monotherapy. Co-administration of IQIRVO and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors can increase the risk of myopathy. Monitor for signs and symptoms of muscle injury. Consider periodic assessment (clinical exam  CPK) during treatment. Interrupt IQIRVO treatment if there is new onset or worsening of muscle pain or myopathy.Co-administration of IQIRVO with rifampin  an inducer of metabolizing enzymes  may reduce the systemic exposure of elafibranor resulting in delayed or suboptimal biochemical response. Monitor the biochemical response (e.g.  ALP and bilirubin) when patients initiate rifampin during treatment with IQIRVO.Bile acid sequestrants may interfere with IQIRVO absorption and systemic exposure  which may reduce efficacy. Administer IQIRVO at least 4 hours before or after a bile acid sequestrant  or at as great an interval as possible.Use in Special PopulationsPregnancy: Based on data from animal reproduction studies  IQIRVO may cause fetal harm when administered during pregnancy. There are insufficient data from human pregnancies exposed to IQIRVO to allow an assessment of a drug-associated risk of major birth defects  miscarriage  or other adverse maternal or fetal outcomes. Report pregnancies to Ipsen Biopharmaceuticals  Inc. adverse event reporting line at 1-855-463-5127 or https://www.ipsen.com/contact-us/.Lactation: There are no data available on the presence of IQIRVO or its metabolites in human milk  or on effects of the drug on the breastfed infant or the effects on milk production. IQIRVO is not recommended during breastfeeding and for at least 3 weeks following last dose of IQIRVO because the risk to breastfed child cannot be excluded.Females and Males of Reproductive Potential: IQIRVO may cause fetal harm when administered to pregnant women. Verify the pregnancy status of females of reproductive potential prior to initiating IQIRVO. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with IQIRVO and for 3 weeks after the final dose.The most common adverse events occurring in ≥10% of patients were weight gain (23%)  abdominal pain (11%)  nausea (11%)  vomiting (11%)  and diarrhea (11%).You are encouraged to report side effects to FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch. You may also report side effects to Ipsen Biopharmaceuticals  Inc. at 1-855-463-5127.Please see full Prescribing Information for IQIRVO in the U.S.Please see full Prescribing Information for IQIRVO in the E.U.ENDSAbout IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience.Our pipeline is fueled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 80 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen contactsInvestorsNicolas Bogler | + 33 6 52 19 98 92Jennifer Smith-Parker | + 44 7843 13 77 64 | [email protected]Rachel Reiff | + 1 908 616 1680 | [email protected]Anna Gibbins | + 44 7717 80 19 00| [email protected]The forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen's management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen's future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words 'believes'  'anticipates' and 'expects' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen's expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen's patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen's activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen's partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen's business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen's business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen's latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.References1.Kowdley. K . et al. Long term efficacy and safety of elafibranor in primary biliary cholangitis: Interim results from the open-label extension of the ELATIVE® trial up to 3 years . Poster  Abstract 5041. American Association for the Study of Liver Disease (AASLD).20242.Swain. M  et al. Impact of elafibranor on fatigue in patients with primary biliary cholangitis: Interim results from the long-term open-label extension of the ELATIVE® trial . Poster  Abstract 5042. American Association for the Study of Liver Disease (AASLD).20243Lu M  Zhou  et al. Fibrotic Liver Disease Consortium Investigators. Increasing Prevalence of Primary Biliary Cholangitis and Reduced Mortality With Treatment. Clin Gastroenterol Hepatol. 2018 Aug;16(8):1342-1350.e1. DOI: 10.1016/j.cgh.2017.12.033.Attachment",positive,0.52,0.45,0.04,mixed,0.18,0.27,0.55,True,English,"['elafibranor) data', 'up to', 'Iqirvo®', 'efficacy', 'safety', '3 years', 'patients', 'PBC', 'improvements', 'fatigue', 'pruritus', 'PROMIS) Fatigue Short Form 7a', 'rare cholestatic liver disease portfolio', 'rare, autoimmune, cholestatic liver disease', 'common treatment-emergent adverse events', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'PRO Measurement Information System', 'minimal clinically important differences', 'The Liver Institute Northwest', 'several patient-reported outcome measures', 'Iqirvo(elafibranor 80 mg tablets', 'Phase III ELATIVE® study', 'up to three years', 'rare liver community', 'Phase III ELATIVEstudy', 'three patient-reported outcome', 'patient-reported outcomes tools', 'Dr. Kris Kowdley', 'Dr. Mark Swain', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'liver stiffness measurements', 'up to 156 weeks', 'three years total', 'ongoing open-label extension', 'new safety findings', 'Epworth Sleepiness Scale', 'high symptom burden', 'enhanced liver fibrosis', 'severe pruritus data', 'important findings', 'ELATIVE study', 'liver transplant', 'safety profile', 'total bilirubin', 'confirmatory study', '3 late-breaking presentations', 'U.S.', 'E.U.', 'U.K.', 'late-breaking data', 'interim analysis', 'American Association', 'surrogate markers', 'exploratory endpoints', 'sustained efficacy', 'primary investigator', 'Cumming School', 'double-blind period', 'one year', 'biochemical response', 'pruritus improvements', 'abdominal pain', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'excessive sleepiness', 'meaningful improvements', 'interim data', 'regulatory agencies', 'Sandra Silvestri', 'clear rationale', 'chronic inflammation', 'irreversible fibrosis', 'lifelong condition', 'premature death', 'severe fatigue', 'fatigue domain', 'AASLD) congress', 'ALP normalization', 'categorical changes', 'bile ducts', 'normal sleep', 'sleep improvements', 'Iqirvo data', 'continuous treatment', 'Iqirvo-treated patients', '104 weeks', 'AASLD 2024', '138 patients', 'Ipsen', '8 abstracts', 'use', 'June', 'September', 'October', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'biomarkers', 'cholestasis', 'stabilization', 'medicine', 'itch', 'physician', 'Director', 'Washington', 'impact', 'symptoms', 'people', 'PBC', 'Department', 'University', 'Calgary', 'Canada', '85 percent', 'ULN', '≥ 15% reduction', 'baseline', '39 percent', 'ELF™', '9) scores', 'moderate', '>10 percent', 'placebo', 'trial', 'diarrhea', 'vomiting', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', '56 percent', '50 percent', '69 percent', 'families', 'EVP', 'prescribers', 'class', 'PPAR', 'track', 'choice', 'leader', 'Advertisement', 'build-up', 'toxins', 'destruction', 'majority', 'women', 'cases', 'dai']",2024-11-16,2024-11-15,manilatimes.net
47020,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/glanbia-executes-share-buy-back-on-euronext-dublin-1034023588,Glanbia Executes Share Buy-Back on Euronext Dublin,Glanbia (GLAPF) has released an update. Glanbia  a leading nutrition company  has repurchased 45 000 of its own shares on Euronext Dublin as,Glanbia (GLAPF) has released an update.Glanbia  a leading nutrition company  has repurchased 45 000 of its own shares on Euronext Dublin as part of a €50 million buy-back program. The shares were bought at a volume-weighted average price of €14.7711 and will be cancelled to reduce the number of shares in circulation. This strategic move is part of Glanbia’s efforts to manage shareholder value.For further insights into GLAPF stock  check out TipRanks’ Stock Analysis page.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.9,0.1,True,English,"['Glanbia Executes', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Back', 'TipRanks’ Stock Analysis page', 'leading nutrition company', '€50 million buy-back program', 'volume-weighted average price', 'GLAPF stock', 'Euronext Dublin', 'strategic move', 'shareholder value', 'Glanbia', 'update', 'shares', 'part', 'number', 'circulation', 'efforts', 'insights']",2024-11-15,2024-11-15,markets.businessinsider.com
