UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
12927,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees,nan,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'BinanceTTC $TTC', 'CoinShares', 'TechTrees', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'BinanceTTC $TTC', 'CoinShares', 'TechTrees']",2023-03-26,2023-03-29,Unknown
21205,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Eurex to launch Bitcoin Index futures https://t.co/CsfWF5dMs1  Deutsche Börse Group ($DG1.DE) invested  $100 milli… https://t.co/rVlCMp8iFO,nan,Eurex to launch Bitcoin Index futures https://t.co/CsfWF5dMs1  Deutsche Börse Group ($DG1.DE) invested  $100 milli… https://t.co/rVlCMp8iFO,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Bitcoin Index futures', 'Eurex', 'CsfWF5dMs1', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Bitcoin Index futures', 'Eurex', 'CsfWF5dMs1']",2023-03-24,2023-03-29,Unknown
21206,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 brings together work by the four shortlisted artists: Bieke De… https://t.co/jkJBZwmU3t,nan,The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 brings together work by the four shortlisted artists: Bieke De… https://t.co/jkJBZwmU3t,neutral,0.13,0.84,0.03,neutral,0.13,0.84,0.03,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'four shortlisted artists', 'Bieke De', 'work', 'jkJBZwmU3t', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'four shortlisted artists', 'Bieke De', 'work', 'jkJBZwmU3t']",2023-03-24,2023-03-29,Unknown
21302,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Bank  is a 21 Trillion custodian Bank  which holds majority of financial assets backed papers  but also p… https://t.co/HpQXRz0BiD,nan,Euroclear Bank  is a 21 Trillion custodian Bank  which holds majority of financial assets backed papers  but also p… https://t.co/HpQXRz0BiD,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['21 Trillion custodian Bank', 'Euroclear Bank', 'financial assets', 'majority', 'papers', 'HpQXRz0BiD', '21 Trillion custodian Bank', 'Euroclear Bank', 'financial assets', 'majority', 'papers', 'HpQXRz0BiD']",2023-03-25,2023-03-29,Unknown
21378,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@SusanneTrimbath So you are saying that Euroclear will commit international securities fraud? They'll instruct brok… https://t.co/6ZJbblRBe4,nan,@SusanneTrimbath So you are saying that Euroclear will commit international securities fraud? They'll instruct brok… https://t.co/6ZJbblRBe4,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['international securities fraud', 'SusanneTrimbath', 'Euroclear', 'brok', 'ZJbblRBe4', 'international securities fraud', 'SusanneTrimbath', 'Euroclear', 'brok', 'ZJbblRBe4']",2023-03-27,2023-03-29,Unknown
21379,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Interesting. My guess is Euroclear will do in EU what DTCC did in US: be first to the table with a #DLT system to p… https://t.co/Gzfceiiwzh,nan,Interesting. My guess is Euroclear will do in EU what DTCC did in US: be first to the table with a #DLT system to p… https://t.co/Gzfceiiwzh,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['guess', 'Euroclear', 'DTCC', 'US', 'table', 'Gzfceiiwzh', 'guess', 'Euroclear', 'DTCC', 'US', 'table', 'Gzfceiiwzh']",2023-03-27,2023-03-29,Unknown
21380,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,✨ special offer for those interested in investing ✨✅Agricultural land for sale in Bursa (Iznik - Euroclear)✅conta… https://t.co/OpNZK8qMcH,nan,✨ special offer for those interested in investing ✨✅Agricultural land for sale in Bursa (Iznik - Euroclear)✅conta… https://t.co/OpNZK8qMcH,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['special offer', 'Agricultural land', 'investing', 'sale', 'Bursa', 'Iznik', 'Euroclear', 'OpNZK8qMcH', 'special offer', 'Agricultural land', 'investing', 'sale', 'Bursa', 'Iznik', 'Euroclear', 'OpNZK8qMcH']",2023-03-27,2023-03-29,Unknown
21381,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,UK fintech Sibstar launches to help people with dementia manage their spending #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/pAhU2eAWbr,nan,UK fintech Sibstar launches to help people with dementia manage their spending #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/pAhU2eAWbr,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['UK fintech Sibstar launches', 'people', 'dementia', 'spending', 'UK fintech Sibstar launches', 'people', 'dementia', 'spending']",2023-03-27,2023-03-29,Unknown
21382,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,State Street to acquire CF Global Trading for undisclosed sum #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/6cIkTK1LgR #regtech,nan,State Street to acquire CF Global Trading for undisclosed sum #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/6cIkTK1LgR #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['CF Global Trading', 'State Street', 'undisclosed sum', 'cIkTK1LgR #regtech', 'CF Global Trading', 'State Street', 'undisclosed sum', 'cIkTK1LgR #regtech']",2023-03-27,2023-03-29,Unknown
21383,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,First Citizens said to near deal for Silicon Valley Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/cB9GavJCND #regtech,nan,First Citizens said to near deal for Silicon Valley Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/cB9GavJCND #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'First Citizens', 'deal', 'Fintech', 'regtech', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'First Citizens', 'deal', 'Fintech', 'regtech']",2023-03-27,2023-03-29,Unknown
21384,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,First Citizens said to near deal for Silicon Valley Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/aNkcFutgGn #regtech,nan,First Citizens said to near deal for Silicon Valley Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/aNkcFutgGn #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'First Citizens', 'deal', 'regtech', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'First Citizens', 'deal', 'regtech']",2023-03-27,2023-03-29,Unknown
21386,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Reminder before going to bed tonight to change my clocks to Deutsche Börse time.,nan,Reminder before going to bed tonight to change my clocks to Deutsche Börse time.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse time', 'Reminder', 'bed', 'clocks', 'Deutsche Börse time', 'Reminder', 'bed', 'clocks']",2023-03-26,2023-03-29,Unknown
21415,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@PositiveGamma11 You must have some shares located at Euroclear which allow you to transfer and convert. Read: https://t.co/xefhgNNgNm,nan,@PositiveGamma11 You must have some shares located at Euroclear which allow you to transfer and convert. Read: https://t.co/xefhgNNgNm,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['PositiveGamma11', 'shares', 'Euroclear', 'PositiveGamma11', 'shares', 'Euroclear']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,Unknown
21416,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Isolated issues or systemic risks? The Fed's framing conundrum #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/rod1OSRVyv #regtech,nan,Isolated issues or systemic risks? The Fed's framing conundrum #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/rod1OSRVyv #regtech,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Isolated issues', 'systemic risks', 'The Fed', 'framing conundrum', 'Fintech', 'Isolated issues', 'systemic risks', 'The Fed', 'framing conundrum', 'Fintech']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,Unknown
21417,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,First Citizens takes second big leap in buying Silicon Valley Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/abbUUxSUAq #regtech,nan,First Citizens takes second big leap in buying Silicon Valley Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/abbUUxSUAq #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['second big leap', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'First Citizens', 'second big leap', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'First Citizens']",2023-03-27,2023-03-29,Unknown
21433,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,wikifolio whispers a.m. Facebook  Deutsche Post  Berkshire Hathaway  Apple  Airbus Group  Amazon  BB  https://t.co/1MprvIrKAP,nan,wikifolio whispers a.m. Facebook  Deutsche Post  Berkshire Hathaway  Apple  Airbus Group  Amazon  BB  https://t.co/1MprvIrKAP,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Post', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'Airbus Group', 'whispers', 'Facebook', 'Apple', 'Amazon', 'BB', 'Deutsche Post', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'Airbus Group', 'whispers', 'Facebook', 'Apple', 'Amazon', 'BB']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,Unknown
21492,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,CELYAD ONCOLOGY And BALYO On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/Z28DvNjZz4(… https://t.co/Bo2Xzr6jLE,nan,CELYAD ONCOLOGY And BALYO On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/Z28DvNjZz4(… https://t.co/Bo2Xzr6jLE,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['CELYAD ONCOLOGY', 'Euronext Session', 'BALYO', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'Z28DvNjZz4', 'Bo2Xzr6jLE', 'CELYAD ONCOLOGY', 'Euronext Session', 'BALYO', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'Z28DvNjZz4', 'Bo2Xzr6jLE']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,Unknown
21498,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-kamux-063900003.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kamux Corporation,"Notice is given to the shareholders of Kamux Corporation (""Kamux"" or the ""company"") to the Annual General Meeting held on Thursday  April 20  2023  at 2:00...","HÄMEENLINNA  Finland  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Kamux Corporation (""Kamux"" or the ""company"") to the Annual General Meeting held on Thursday  April 20  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Scandic Marina Congress Centers's Fennia 1 meeting venue  2nd floor  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of registrations and the distribution of ballot papers will begin at 1:00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders of Kamux can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters are to be dealt with at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  including the consolidated accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the financial year January 1  2022 – December 31  2022CEO's reviewThe annual accounts  consolidated accounts  annual report  and auditor's report will be available on the company's website at the latest on March 30  2023.7. Adoption of annual accounts and consolidated accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe distributable funds on the balance sheet of the company as of December 31  2022  were EUR 109 418 100.43 which the profit for the financial year 2022 was EUR 12 870 706.13. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.15 per share be paid from the Company's distributable profit for the financial year 2022 and other distributable funds remain in the shareholders' equity (for the year 2021 a dividend of EUR 0.20 per share was distributed). The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend for the financial year 2022 is paid in two payment installments. The first payment installment of the dividend  EUR 0.05 per share  will be paid to the shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the first payment installment record date  which is April 24  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the first payment installment of the dividend will be paid on May 2  2023. The second payment installment of the dividend will be paid to the shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the second payment installment record date  which is October 24  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the second payment installment of the dividend will be paid on October 31  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized  if necessary  to decide on a new record date and payment date for the second payment installment of the dividend  if the regulations or rules of the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise require it.Story continues9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year January 1  2022 – December 31  202210. Advisory resolution on the approval of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to approve Kamux's remuneration report for governing bodies from financial year 2022. According to the Finnish Companies Act  the resolution is advisory. The remuneration report for governing bodies will be available on the company's website at the latest on March 30  2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration for the Chairperson and members of the Board of Directors be modestly raised from the 2022 level  and the committee fees to remain on the 2022 level. Accordingly  the proposed remuneration is as follows:Chairperson of the Board of Directors EUR 68 000 (before EUR 65 000)Member of the Board of Directors EUR 31 000 (before EUR 30 000)Chairperson of the Audit Committee EUR 5 000Member of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500Chairperson of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee EUR 5 000Member of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee EUR 2 500The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that 40 per cent of the annual fee of the Chairperson and the members of the Board of Directors be paid in Kamux's shares either purchased at a prevailing market price from the market or alternatively by using own shares held by the company. The transfer of own shares or acquisition of shares directly for the members of the Board of Directors will be executed within two weeks from the publication of the interim review for the period January 1  2023 – March 31  2023. The rest of the annual fee would be paid in cash  which is used to cover taxes arising from the fees. The company shall pay the transaction costs and transfer taxes related to the purchase or transfer of the shares.The fees of the committee would be paid in cash. If the Board of Directors decides to establish new committees  the annual fees of the Chairperson and the members of the new committee are equal to the annual fees of the Chairperson and the members of the other committees.Travel expenses would be reimbursed in accordance with the company's travel policy.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members  the Chairperson  and the Vice Chairperson of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors  Mr. Terho Kalliokoski  Ms. Reija Laaksonen  Mr. Antti Mäkelä  Mr. Harri Sivula and Ms. Jaana Viertola-Truini be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and the Company's ceding CEO  Mr. Juha Kalliokoski  be elected as new member of the Board of Directors for a term of office beginning at the end of the Annual General Meeting on April 20  2023  and ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting following the election.Additionally  the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Terho Kalliokoski be elected as the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and Harri Sivula be elected as Vice Chairperson of the Board of Directors.All nominees above have given their consent to the position. According to the evaluation made by the nominees themselves and by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  Juha Kalliokoski is dependent of both the Company and its significant shareholders whilst the others are independent of the Company and of its significant shareholders.Mr. Tuomo Vähäpassi  current member of the Board of Directors  has stated that he is no longer available to be re-elected for a new term. Mr. Tapio Pajuharju  current member of the Board of Directors  has been appointed as the Company's new CEO as of June 1  2023  at the latest. For this reason  Mr. Pajuharju is not available as a board member for the term starting from the AGM 2023. Because the change of CEO will take place at a date to be specified later  according to the proposal  Juha Kalliokoski will serve both as CEO and as member of the Board of Directors for a limited period during the spring 2023. This will be a temporary deviation from the recommendation of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code.The above-mentioned shareholders propose that in the Annual General Meeting the shareholders take a stand on the proposal for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as a whole. The proposing body has assessed the proposed composition of the Board of Directors as to its overall structure as well as to its individual candidates based on the requirements set forth in the Board's Diversity Policy and in the Corporate Governance Code. The proposing body believes that  in addition to the complementary excellence and experience of the individual Board candidates  the proposed Board as a whole  meets the requirements of both the Corporate Governance Code and the Board Diversity Policy.The relevant information on all the proposed nominees to the Board of Directors is presented on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid according to their reasonable invoice as approved by the Board of Directors.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the company's auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Authorized Public Accountant Markku Launis will act as the principal auditor. The auditor's term of office will end at the end of the next Annual General Meeting following the election.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Articles of Association be amended by adding a new section no. 12  that shall read in its entirety as follows:""12. Place and organization of the General Meeting of Shareholders as a remote meetingThe General Meeting may be held in Helsinki or Hämeenlinna  at the discretion of the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors may decide that a shareholder may also participate in a general meeting by fully exercising their right to vote during the meeting by means of a telecommunication connection and a technical aid (hybrid meeting).The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting shall be held without a meeting place in such a way that shareholders exercise their voting rights fully and in a timely manner during the meeting by means of a telecommunication and a technical aid (remote meeting). A shareholder attending a remote meeting may exercise all their rights at the remote meeting in the same way as if they were attending the meeting in person.""In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that due to the above-mentioned amendment the clause ""The General Meeting must be held in Helsinki or Hämeenlinna."" is removed from the section no. 10 of the Articles of Association.The proposal for the new Articles of Association can be viewed in its entirety on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the share issueThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the issuance of shares in one or more tranches as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization shall not exceed 4 000 000 (four million)  which currently corresponds to approximately 10 (ten) per cent of all the shares in the Company.The Board of Directors decides on the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares either against payment or without consideration. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from shareholders' pre-emptive right (directed issue) for a weighty financial reason for the company  such as using the shares to develop the company's capital structure  to finance possible acquisitions  capital expenditure or other arrangements within the scope of the company's business operations  or to implement the company's commitment and incentive scheme.The authorization cancels the authorization given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of April 20  2022  and is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 2 000 000 (two million) company's own shares using the unrestricted equity of the company representing about 5 (five) per cent of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept company's own shares as a pledge.The shares shall be acquired through public trading  for which reason the shares are acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders and the consideration paid for the shares shall be the market price of the company's share in public trading at Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the time of the acquisition. Shares may also be acquired outside public trading for a price which at most corresponds to the market price in public trading at the time of the acquisition. The Board of Directors will be authorized to resolve upon how the shares are acquired.The authorization includes the Board's right to resolve on a directed repurchase or the acceptance of the shares as a pledge  if there is a compelling financial reason for the company to do so as provided for in Chapter 15  Section 6 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The shares shall be acquired to be used for execution of the company's share-based incentive schemes or for other purposes determined by the Board of Directors.The decision to repurchase company's own shares or to accept them as pledge shall not be made so that the shares of the company in the possession of or held as pledges by the company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10 (ten) per cent of all shares.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other matters related to the repurchase of the company's own shares and/or accepting them as a pledge.The authorization cancels the authorization given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of April 20  2022  and is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until June 30  2024.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice  which contains all the proposals for resolutions on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  is available on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.Kamux's annual report  including the annual accounts  consolidated accounts  the annual report  the auditor's report  the corporate governance statement  and the remuneration report will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on March 30  2023.The documents will also be available for inspection at the Annual General Meeting  and copies of them and of this notice will be sent to shareholders on request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available for inspection on the above-mentioned website by Thursday May 4  2023  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on Thursday  April 6  2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder's personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on March 28  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by Tuesday  April 11  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the notice of participation must be received.Registration for the Annual General Meeting can be done in the following ways:electronically through the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023Registration requires strong electronic authentication of a shareholder who is a natural person. When a shareholder who is a natural person logs into the service through the company's website  they will be redirected to the electronic authentication. Then  in one session  the shareholder can register for the Annual General Meeting  appoint a proxy and vote in advance. Strong electronic authentication can be made with Finnish bank ID or mobile certificate.Shareholders who are legal persons need the shareholder's book-entry account number and the entity / identification ID in addition to other required information to register electronically.For shareholders who are legal persons  electronic registration does not require strong electronic authentication. However  if the shareholder who is a legal person uses the Suomi.fi electronic authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using Finnish bank ID or a mobile certificate.By e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.euBy regular mail to address Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Kamux Corporation  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  FinlandBy phone +358 40 185 8633  from March 28  2023  from Monday to Thursday at 9 - 10 a.m. and 4 - 5.p.m. (EEST)In connection with the registration the requested information shall be provided  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  phone number and email address as well as the name of potential representative or proxy and the date of birth or personal identification number of the representative or proxy. The personal information given to the company or to Euroclear Finland Ltd by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registration. The shareholder or their representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue  if necessary.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  on Tuesday  April 6  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by April 17  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholdings after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to attend the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the company's temporary shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank without delay.The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders' register of the company within the above-mentioned registration period  at the latest by April 17  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) and  if necessary  take care of the voting in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.More information will be provided on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder is entitled to participate and make use of their rights as a shareholder at the Annual General Meeting by proxy. A shareholder's proxy representative may also  if they wish so  vote in advance by regular mail or e-mail as set out in this notice. Proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Templates for proxy form and voting instruction are available on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. The original proxy form must be prepared to be presented at the Annual General Meeting at the latest.If the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting through several proxy representatives  who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be indicated during registration.A proxy representative must deliver a proxy document given to them by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Kamux Corporation  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period on April 11  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the documents or corresponding information must be received. In addition to delivering the proxy authorization documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall see to registration for the Annual General in the manner set out in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy document. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". When registering  the assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with a Finnish bank ID or a mobile certificate.The above-mentioned websites also provide information on registering for the Annual General Meeting and voting in advance for a minor  other impaired or foreign shareholder who has a Finnish book-entry account.More information on https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations and https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain agenda items of the Annual General Meeting during the period from March 28  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) until April 11  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EEST) in the following ways:Shareholders who are natural persons log in to the service with strong electronic authentication  using Finnish bank ID or a mobile certificate. Strong electronic authentication for registration and advance voting requires the use of Finnish bank ID or mobile certificates and the shareholder must provide the requested personal information.The shareholder is connected to the electronic general meeting service via a secure internet connection. The communication link used is encrypted using SSL technology  which is commonly used by online banks  among others.Stong electronic authentication is not required from shareholders that are legal persons. Shareholders who are legal persons need the shareholder's book-entry account number in addition to the business/individual IDs to log in. The number of the book-entry account can be found  among other things  on the account statement of the book-entry account. If the shareholders who are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using a Finnish bank ID or Finnish mobile certificate.by regular mail or e-mailA shareholder may send the advance voting form available on the company's website to Euroclear Finland Ltd by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Kamux Corporation  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland.The voting instructions will also be available on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by regular mail or e-mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message contains the information required for registration on the advance voting form.In connection with the advance voting  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information. The personal information given to Kamux or Euroclear Finland Ltd by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise their right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Companies Act unless they attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy representative at the meeting venue. A shareholder may take a position on the items they wish to vote on and change their advance votes during the advance voting period and may also browse through the advance votes they have cast even after the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may also print out a confirmation of the votes they have given in advance.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the Annual General Meeting.The terms and conditions as well as other instructions related to the electronic advance voting are also available on the company's website https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. The above-mentioned websites also provide information on how to register for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting for a minor  other impaired or foreign shareholder who has a Finnish book-entry account.5. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish and there is no simultaneous interpretation at the meeting.A shareholder has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to attend the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  March 28  2023  the total number of shares and votes in Kamux is 40 017 420 shares and votes. As of the date of this notice  the company holds a total of 6 098 own shares  which are not entitled to vote at the Annual General Meeting.Hämeenlinna  March 28  2023 Kamux CorporationThe Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Katariina Hietaranta  Head of Communications & IR  tel. +358 50 557 6765Kamux is a retail chain specializing in the sale of used cars and related integrated services that has grown rapidly. Kamux combines online shopping with an extensive showroom network to provide its customers with a great service experience anytime  anywhere. In addition to digital channels  the company has a total of 77 car showrooms in Finland  Sweden and Germany. Since its founding  the company has sold over 450 000 used cars  62 922 of which were sold in 2022. Kamux's revenue in 2022 was EUR 968.7 million and its average number of employees was 883 in terms of full-time equivalent employees. Kamux Corporation is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. For more information  please visit www.kamux.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-kamux-corporation-301782999.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.63,0.32,0.05,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Kamux Corporation', 'Notice', 'first payment installment record date', 'second payment installment record date', 'Scandic Marina Congress Centers', 'new record date', 'The Annual General Meeting', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'two payment installments', 'Fennia 1 meeting venue', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'prevailing market price', 'other distributable funds', 'payment date', 'annual accounts', 'annual fee', 'two weeks', 'annual remuneration', 'annual report', 'The Board', 'HÄMEENLINNA', '2nd floor', 'ballot papers', 'voting rights', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'consolidated accounts', 'balance sheet', ""shareholders' equity"", ""shareholders' register"", 'governing bodies', 'Audit Committee', '40 per cent', 'financial year', 'Remuneration Committee', 'distributable profit', 'committee fees', 'interim review', 'remuneration report', 'Kamux Corporation', 'Advisory resolution', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'company', 'Thursday', 'April', 'EEST', 'Katajanokanlaituri', '00160 Helsinki', 'reception', 'registrations', 'distribution', 'advance', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'December', 'CEO', 'website', 'use', 'May', 'October', 'regulations', 'rules', 'Story', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'approval', 'Chairperson', '2022 level', 'Personnel', 'shares', 'transfer', 'acquisition', 'publication', 'period', 'January', 'rest', 'cash', 'taxes', 'transact', '2:00', '1:00']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21499,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STMICROELECTRONICS-N-V-4710/news/STMicroelectronics-N-Voting-instructions-form-appendix-III-43361079/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,STMicroelectronics N : Voting instructions form (appendix III),(marketscreener.com)   APPENDIX III Voting instructions form   You should complete this form if you wish to provide Euroclear France S.A. with your voting instructions.   The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of STMicroelectronics N.V. will be he…,"APPENDIX III Voting instructions formYou should complete this form if you wish to provide Euroclear France S.A. with your voting instructions.The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (""AGM"") of STMicroelectronics N.V. (the ""Company"") will be held at the hotelWaldorf Astoria Amsterdam  the Netherlands  at 11:00 a.m. CET on Wednesday  24 May 2023.The undersigned shareholder (name) …………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… . (address) ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… .… (if applicable: legally represented by) ……………………… …………………………………………………………………………………………………………… ..(account number with the account holder or intermediary) …………………………………………………………………………………………………… .(details of the account holder or intermediary) ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… .(phone number of the account holder or intermediary) ………………………………………………………………………………………………………… ..hereinafter referred to as the ""Shareholder""  acting in his/her capacity as holder of ……….. ………………………………… . (number) shares in the capital of the Company  hereby authorises and instructs Euroclear France S.A. to vote the shares of the Shareholder in respect of the items on the agenda for the AGM  in the manner set out below:No. Agenda (Voting items) For Against Abstain 3. Remuneration Report 4. Adoption of the Company's annual accounts for its 2022 financial year 5. Adoption of a dividend 6. Discharge of the sole member of the Managing Board 7. Discharge of the members of the Supervisory Board 8. Approval of the stock-based portion of the compensation of the President and CEO 9. Re-appointment of Mr. Yann Delabrière as member of the Supervisory Board 10. Re-appointment of Ms. Ana de Pro Gonzalo as member of the Supervisory Board 11. Re-appointment of Mr. Frédéric Sanchez as member of the Supervisory Board 12. Re-appointment of Mr. Maurizio Tamagnini as member of the Supervisory Board 13. Appointment of Ms. Hélène Vletter-van Dort as member of the Supervisory Board 14. Appointment of Mr. Paolo Visca as member of the Supervisory Board 15. Authorization to the Managing Board  until the conclusion of the 2024 AGM  to repurchase shares  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board 16. Delegation to the Supervisory Board of the authority to issue new common shares  to grant rights to subscribe for such shares and to limit and/or exclude existing shareholders' pre-emptive rights on common shares  until the conclusion of the 2024 AGMPlease note that if you do not record a vote in favour of or against one or more of the proposals listed above  your vote(s) will be considered as a vote in favour with respect to the relevant proposal(s).Please note that  to be entitled to attend and cast votes  you need to own your shares in the capital of the Company at close of markets on 26 April 2023  the Record Date  but you do not need to continue to hold your shares until the AGM on 24 May 2023.Signature: ……………………………………………………………………………… .. …………… .. ………………………………… .Place: ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… Date: ………………………………………………………………………………… .. ………………………………………………… ...This form must be received by the bank or intermediary at the latest on 17 May 2023  5:00 p.m. CET.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Voting instructions form', 'STMicroelectronics N', 'appendix', 'Ms. Hélène Vletter-van Dort', 'Ms. Ana de Pro Gonzalo', 'Mr. Frédéric Sanchez', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'Mr. Yann Delabrière', ""existing shareholders' pre-emptive rights"", 'Mr. Maurizio Tamagnini', 'Mr. Paolo Visca', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam', 'new common shares', 'Voting instructions form', 'annual accounts', 'vote(s', 'APPENDIX III', 'account number', 'phone number', 'Remuneration Report', '2022 financial year', 'Managing Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'stock-based portion', 'account holder', 'number) shares', 'No. Agenda', 'Record Date', 'sole member', '11:00 a', 'AGM', 'Company', 'hotel', 'Netherlands', 'Wednesday', '24 May', 'name', 'address', 'intermediary', 'details', 'capacity', 'capital', 'respect', 'items', 'manner', 'Abstain', 'Adoption', 'Discharge', 'members', 'Approval', 'compensation', 'President', 'CEO', 'appointment', 'Authorization', 'conclusion', 'Delegation', 'authority', 'favour', 'proposals', 'votes', 'close', 'markets', '26 April', 'Signature', 'Place', 'bank', '17 May', '5:00']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21500,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STMICROELECTRONICS-N-V-4710/news/STMicroelectronics-N-2023-AGM-Convocation-Notice-43361082/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,STMicroelectronics N : 2023 AGM - Convocation Notice,(marketscreener.com)   2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders   STMicroelectronics N.V.   CONVOCATION   The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of STMicroelectronics N.V.     established in Amsterdam  the Netherlands  will be held on 24 …,"2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersSTMicroelectronics N.V.CONVOCATIONThe Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (""AGM"") of STMicroelectronics N.V. (""the Company"") established in Amsterdam  the Netherlands  will be held on 24 May 2023 at 11:00 a.m. (CET) at the hotel Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam  Herengracht 542-556  1017 CG Amsterdam  the Netherlands.Agenda1. Report of the Managing Board on the Company's 2022 financial year (discussion item)2. Report of the Supervisory Board on the Company's 2022 financial year (discussion item)3. Remuneration Report (advisory vote)4. Adoption of the Company's annual accounts for its 2022 financial year (voting item)5. Adoption of a dividend (voting item)6. Discharge of the sole member of the Managing Board (voting item)7. Discharge of the members of the Supervisory Board (voting item)8. Approval of the stock-based portion of the compensation of the President and CEO (voting item)9. Re-appointment of Mr. Yann Delabrière as member of the Supervisory Board (voting item)10. Re-appointment of Ms. Ana de Pro Gonzalo as member of the Supervisory Board (voting item)11. Re-appointment of Mr. Frédéric Sanchez as member of the Supervisory Board (voting item)12. Re-appointment of Mr. Maurizio Tamagnini as member of the Supervisory Board (voting item)13. Appointment of Ms. Hélène Vletter-van Dort as member of the Supervisory Board (voting item)14. Appointment of Mr. Paolo Visca as member of the Supervisory Board (voting item)15. Authorization to the Managing Board  until the conclusion of the 2024 AGM  to repurchase shares  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board (voting item)16. Delegation to the Supervisory Board of the authority to issue new common shares  to grant rights to subscribe for such shares  and to limit and/or exclude existing shareholders' pre-emptive rights on common shares  until the conclusion of the 2024 AGM (voting item)17. Question time (discussion item)This convocation  the agenda  the statutory annual accounts for the financial year 2022  which include the reports of the Managing Board and Supervisory Board  the explanatory notes  and the personal data of Mses. de Pro Gonzalo and Vletter-van Dort and Messrs. Delabrière  Sanchez Tamagnini and Visca (in connection with their proposed (re)appointment as members of the Supervisory Board pursuant to Section 2:142 (3) of the Dutch Civil Code)  as well as the other information included pursuant to law  are deposited for inspection by shareholders and other persons entitled to attend the AGM at the offices of the Company at Schiphol (Schiphol Boulevard 265  1118 BH Schiphol Airport  the Netherlands) as of March 28  2023 up to and including the date of the AGM. Copies of these documents are available for shareholders and other persons entitled to attend the AGM free of charge. These documents will also be available on the Company's website www.st.com as of the same date.The Company's shares may be held either (i) as registered shares (the shareholders and other persons entitled to attend the AGM are then included in the Company's shareholders' register); or(ii) in an account with an account holder or intermediary through Euroclear France S.A. (""Euroclear France"") or Cede & Co. as nominee of the Depository Trust Company (""Cede & Co."") (the corresponding registered shares are then included in the Company's shareholders' register in the name of Euroclear France or Cede & Co.  as the case may be). The holders of both registered shares and of shares held with an account holder or intermediary through Euroclear France or Cede & Co. are each hereinafter referred to as a ""shareholder"".Record dateIn accordance with Dutch law and article 30.2 of the Company's Articles of Association  persons entitled to attend and  to the extent applicable  vote at the AGM will be those who were recorded as having those rights on 26 April 2023 at close of markets (the ""Record Date"") in a register designated by the Managing Board for that purpose  regardless of whether they are shareholders or other persons entitled to attend general meetings of shareholders of the Company at the time of the AGM. This means that registered shareholders and other persons entitled to attend the AGM need to hold their shares in the capital of the Company or be otherwise entitled to attend general meetings of shareholders of the Company on the Record Date  but they do not need to continue to hold their shares or remain entitled until the AGM.Registered ShareholdersShareholders registered in the Company's shareholders' register kept at the Company's office atSchiphol  the Netherlands  will receive a letter from or on behalf of the Company by post containing an invitation for the AGM  including the agenda  and details of the procedure for registering for the AGM.To be eligible to exercise voting rights in person at the AGM  shareholders registered in theCompany's shareholders' register kept at the Company's office at Schiphol  the Netherlands  must complete and sign the attendance form  which they receive with the invitation and return it to the Company's registrar TMF Netherlands B.V. (""TMF"") by post or e-mail (Herikerbergweg 238  1101 CM Amsterdam  the Netherlands / e-mail registrar.and.shareholder.services@tmf-group.com)no later than May 17  2023  5:00 p.m. (CET). TMF's receipt of the completed and signed form on time will constitute notice to the Company of the registered shareholder's intention to exercise its voting and meeting rights.Shareholders registered in the Company's shareholders' register kept at the Company's office atSchiphol  the Netherlands  who wish to be represented by power of attorney at the AGM must complete and sign the power of attorney form  which they receive with the invitation and return it to TMF no later than May 17  2023  5:00 p.m. (CET)  by post or e-mail. TMF's receipt of the completed and signed forms on time will constitute notice to the Company of the registered shareholder's intention to be represented by power of attorney.Shareholders registered in the US part of the Company's shareholders' register will be contacted separately regarding their attendance  representation and/or voting at the AGM.Shareholders holding through Euroclear FranceShareholders holding shares via an account with an account holder or intermediary through Euroclear France should contact their account holder or intermediary to receive instructions on how to obtain a power of attorney from Euroclear France in order to attend the AGM.Shareholders holding shares via an account with an account holder or intermediary throughEuroclear France who will not attend the AGM  but who would like to give voting instructions to Euroclear France to vote on their behalf  should also contact their account holder or intermediary to receive instructions.Furthermore  TMF  Amsterdam  the Netherlands (tel. +31(0)20 575 7124 / e-mail registrar.and.shareholder.services@tmf-group.com) can be contacted.The written (completed and signed) request for a power of attorney or voting instructions  as the case may be  must be received by the relevant account holder or intermediary by May 17  2023  5:00 p.m. (CET).Information on how to obtain a power of attorney from Euroclear France or to give voting instructions to Euroclear France will also be available on the Company's website mentioned above as of March 28  2023.Shareholders holding through Cede & Co.Shareholders holding shares via an account with an account holder or intermediary through Cede & Co. will be contacted separately regarding their attendance and/or voting at the AGM.RegistrationRegistration will take place at the hotel Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam  Herengracht 542-556  1017 CG  Amsterdam  the Netherlands  between 10:00 a.m. and 10:45 a.m. (CET) on 24 May 2023. Once the AGM has started  registration is no longer possible.Shareholders and other persons entitled to attend the AGM will be required to present valid identity papers when registering and are required to sign the attendance list. Shareholders holding shares through Euroclear France or Cede & Co. should provide appropriate evidence of ownership and authority to vote. Holders of a power of attorney are required to present a copy of their power of attorney.The Supervisory Board March 28  2023",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['STMicroelectronics N', 'Convocation Notice', 'AGM', 'Ms. Hélène Vletter-van Dort', 'Ms. Ana de Pro Gonzalo', 'Mr. Frédéric Sanchez', 'Mses. de Pro Gonzalo', 'Mr. Yann Delabrière', ""existing shareholders' pre-emptive rights"", 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'Mr. Maurizio Tamagnini', 'Mr. Paolo Visca', 'Messrs. Delabrière', 'Dutch Civil Code', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'statutory annual accounts', 'Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam', '1118 BH Schiphol Airport', 'new common shares', 'Depository Trust Company', 'corresponding registered shares', 'general meetings', '1017 CG Amsterdam', 'Managing Board', '2022 financial year', 'Supervisory Board', 'advisory vote', 'stock-based portion', 'explanatory notes', 'personal data', 'other information', 'Dutch law', 'attendance form', 'voting rights', 'other persons', 'discussion item', 'same date', 'Record date', 'registered shareholders', 'voting item', 'account holder', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'Question time', 'Remuneration Report', ""shareholders' register"", 'sole member', '11:00 a', 'CONVOCATION', 'AGM', 'Netherlands', '24 May', 'hotel', 'Herengracht', 'Agenda', 'Adoption', 'Discharge', 'members', 'Approval', 'compensation', 'President', 'CEO', 'appointment', 'Authorization', 'conclusion', 'Delegation', 'authority', 'reports', 'connection', 'Section', 'inspection', 'offices', 'March', 'Copies', 'documents', 'website', 'intermediary', 'Cede', 'Co.', 'nominee', 'name', 'case', 'accordance', 'article', 'Association', 'extent', '26 April', 'close', 'markets', 'purpose', 'capital', 'behalf', 'invitation', 'details', 'procedure', '3.', '14.']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21501,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NETJOBS-GROUP-AB-PUBL-39432782/news/NetJobs-Fullmaktsformular-rsstamma-2023-04-26-43353677/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,NetJobs : Fullmaktsformulär årsstämma 2023-04-26,(marketscreener.com)   N.B The English text is an unofficial translation and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.   FULLMAKT / POWER OF ATTORNEY   Härmed befullmäktigas neda…,N.B The English text is an unofficial translation and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.FULLMAKT / POWER OF ATTORNEYHärmed befullmäktigas nedanstående ombud att rösta för undertecknad aktieägares samtliga aktier i NetJobs Group AB (publ)  organisationsnummer 556656-5502  vid årsstämma den 26 april 2023. The attorney named belowis hereby authorized to vote for all the shares in NetJobs Group AB (publ)  company registration number 556656-5502  owned by the shareholder named below at the annual general meeting on 26 April 2023.Uppgifter om ombudet / Information on the attorneyOmbudets namn / Attorney´s name Person- alternativt organisationsnummer / Personal identification number or company registration number Telefon / Telephone number Postadress / Address Postnummer och postort / Postcode and cityUppgifter om aktieägaren samt underskrift / Information on the shareholder together with the signature of the shareholderAktieägarens namn/Name of the shareholder Person- alternativt organisationsnummer / Personal identification number or company registration number Telefon / Telephone number Postadress / Address Postnummer och postort / Postcode and city Ort och datum / Place and date Namnteckning / SignatureFör de fall aktieägaren är en juridisk person skall fullmaktsformuläret vara undertecknat av behöriga firmatecknare. Vidare ska aktuella behörighetshandlingar (t.ex. registreringsbevis eller liknande dokument) biläggas fullmakten.If the shareholder is a legal entity this power of attorney shall be signed by persons authorized to represent the legal entity. Furthermore  relevant documents evidencing proof of authority (such as certificate of registration ora similar document) shall be attached to the power of attorney.Behandling av personuppgifter / Processing of personal dataFör information om hur dina personuppgifter behandlas hänvisas till den integritetspolicy som finns tillgänglig på Euroclear Swedens webbplats  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdfFor information on how your personal information is processed  please read the privacy policy available on thewebsite of Euroclear Sweden  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['NetJobs', 'registration ora similar document', 'company registration number', 'NetJobs Group AB', 'annual general meeting', 'Telephone number Postadress', 'Personal identification number', 'Uppgifter om ombudet', 'fall aktieägaren', 'Euroclear Swedens webbplats', 'shareholder Aktieägarens', 'aktieägares', 'personal data', 'N.B', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'befullmäktigas', 'För', 'relevant documents', 'hänvisas', 'privacy policy', 'personal information', 'alternativt organisationsnummer', 'juridisk person', 'legal entity', 'city Ort', 'shareholder Person', 'Address Postnummer', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'FULLMAKT', 'POWER', 'ATTORNEY', 'publ', '26 april', 'shares', 'Ombudets', 'name', 'Telefon', 'postort', 'Postcode', 'signature', 'datum', 'Place', 'date', 'Namnteckning', 'firmatecknare', 'Vidare', 'liknande', 'persons', 'proof', 'authority', 'certificate', 'personuppgifter', 'Processing', 'hur', 'integritetspolicy', 'svenska', 'website', 'ESw', 'Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor', 'engelska']",2023-04-26,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21502,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-concordia-064900152.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Concordia Maritime AB (publ),The shareholders of Concordia Maritime AB (publ)  556068-5819  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  4 May 2023 at 1.00...,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Concordia Maritime AB (publ)  556068-5819  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  4 May 2023 at 1.00 p.m. CEST at Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Gothenburg. Registration for the Annual General Meeting begins at 12.15 p.m. CEST.The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Concordia Maritime's Articles of Association.Right to participate and registrationAttending the meeting venueA) A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  25 April 2023  andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Thursday  27 April 2023. Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Computershare AB ""Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag's Annual General Meeting""  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden  by email proxy@computershare.se  by telephone +46 771-24 64 00 or on the company's website www.concordiamaritime.com (only for natural persons). The notification must state name  social security- or company registration number  address  telephone number and the number of possible assistants (maximum two).If shareholders are represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached. Form of proxy is available at the company's head office and on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Participation by postal votingB) A person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustStory continuesbe recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  25 April 2023  andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Thursday  27 April 2023  by having submitted a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Computershare AB no later than that day.A shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on Concordia Maritime's website  www.concordiamaritime.com. The completed and signed form must be received by Computershare AB no later than Thursday  27 April 2023. The completed and signed form shall be sent to Computershare AB ""Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag's Annual General Meeting""  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. The completed form may alternatively be submitted by email and is then to be sent to proxy@computershare.se (state ""Concordia Maritime - postal voting"" in the subject line). Shareholders can also choose to cast their postal vote electronically through verification with BankID. A link to electronic postal voting can be found on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Thursday  27 April 2023.The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form. Form of proxy is available at the company's head office and on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shareholders who have registered their shares in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  request that their shares be registered in their own name so that the shareholder is entered into the share register on Tuesday  25 April 2023. This registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested with the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in advance as determined by the nominee. Voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday  27 April 2023  are considered when preparing the share register.Items and proposed agendaOpening of the meeting. Election of Chairman of the meeting. Election of person to verify the minutes. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Consideration if the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the Board of Directors and statement by the Chairman of the Board. Presentation by the CEO. Presentation ofa) the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts;b) the audit report and the audit report for the group;c) the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management. Resolutions regardinga) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b) the allocation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet;c) the discharge from liability towards the company in respect of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Resolution regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditors. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board. Election of auditor. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the executive management. Closing of the meeting.Election of a Chairman for the meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that the attorney Aleksander Ivarsson is elected as Chairman of the meeting.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 4)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Computershare AB on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Proposal of profit allocation (item 10b)The Board of Directors does not propose any distribution of dividend.Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors and deputy auditors (item 11)The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of Board members elected by the shareholders shall be four and that no deputies should be appointed. The number of auditors is proposed to be one.Resolution regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditors (item 12)The Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the Board members is to be paid with SEK 400 000 (400 000) to the Chairman and SEK 300 000 (225 000) to each of the other Board members elected by the shareholders.The remuneration to the auditors shall be paid according to invoice approved by the company.Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board (item 13)The Nomination Committee proposes that Stefan Brocker  Henrik Hallin  Mats Jansson and Ulrika Laurin shall be re-elected as Board members. Stefan Brocker is proposed to be elected as Chairman of the Board. Carl-Johan Hagman has declined re-election to the Board of Directors.Election of auditor (item 14)In accordance with the Board of Director's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as auditor of the company for a period of one year until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has notified that the authorised public accountant Fredrik Göransson will be principally responsible auditor  if Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is elected as auditor by the Annual General Meeting.Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the executive management (item 16)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt guidelines for remuneration to the executive management in accordance with below.Scope of the guidelines  etc.Members of the executive management of Concordia Maritime fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.Remuneration under employments subject to other rules than Swedish may be duly adjusted to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe company's vision is to always be the preferred carrier and business partner within tanker transportation  and in order to achieve the purpose  the company has a business strategy that  in short  is to provide safe  sustainable and reliable tanker transportation based on innovation and performance for its customer  and to make timely investments in vessels and gain financially from fluctuations in their values. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers attractive and competitive remuneration. The absolute level depends on the scope and complexity of the position in question and on the individual employee's annual performance. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management an attractive and competitive total remuneration.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to annually predetermined and measurable criteria  e.g. commercial  operational and financial criteria  that shall be determined by the Board of Directors. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development. Currently  these criteria include  inter alia  avoidance of work-related personal injuries (LTIF)  number of vetting observations at vessel inspections  and fleet utilization. Applicable criteria and the relative size of the criteria is determined individually.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The Board of Directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to other executives  the CEO is responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on established financial data for the relevant period. Should the group's profit before tax be negative for the relevant period  the payment of variable cash remuneration be limited to 50 per cent of the actual result.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 35 per cent of the annual cash remuneration. For other executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits only to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  e.g.  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 15 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Termination of employmentThe notice period may not exceed two years for the CEO and one year for other executives  if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the CEO's fixed cash salary for two years  and one year for other executives. When termination is made by the executive  the period of notice may not exceed twelve months for the CEO and six months for other executives  without any right to severance pay.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The development of the gap between the remuneration to executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has not established a remuneration committee  since the Board of Directors found it more appropriate for the entire Board to fulfil the duties of a remuneration committee. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Board of Directors shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. The Board of Directors resolves on any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelines and how the shareholders' opinions are consideredThe current guidelines for remuneration to the executive management were adopted at the annual general meeting 2020. These guidelines are substantially the same as the guidelines adopted by the annual general meeting 2020. However  the notice period for other executives  if notice of termination of employment is made by the company  has been amended from a maximum of six months to a maximum of one year. In addition  the maximum fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay for other executives has been amended  to may not together exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed cash salary for one year  instead of as earlier stated six months.No comments or questions on the guidelines for remuneration to the executive management have emerged in connection with the general meeting proceeding.Available documentationThe Annual Report in Swedish  the audit report  the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management  the Board of Directors' remuneration report  and the Board of Directors' proposal on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management will be presented at the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's headquarters and the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com  no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. The above documents will also be sent to shareholders upon request  provided that such shareholder states a postal address.Information about the proposed Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement is available on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 47 729 798 shares  whereof 4 000 000 Series A shares and 43 729 798 Series B shares  representing a total of 83 729 798 votes. The company does not hold any of its own shares.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board considers that it will not cause significant damage to the company  provide information on circumstances that could affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  circumstances that could affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's economic situation and the company's relations with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in March  2023Concordia Maritime AB (publ)Board of DirectorsThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1948/3741132/1945842.pdf 2023-03-28 Concordia Maritime - Notice to the Annual General Meeting 2023CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-concordia-maritime-ab-publ-301783006.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.17,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Concordia Maritime AB', 'Notice', 'Elite Park Avenue Hotel', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'Such electronic votes', 'Annual General M', 'Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag', 'Concordia Maritime AB', 'electronic postal voting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'meeting venue', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'Computershare AB', 'share register', 'natural persons', 'possible assistants', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'head office', 'subject line', 'right registrations', 'registration certificate', 'postal vote', 'special form', 'completed form', 'telephone number', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'state name', 'GOTHENBURG', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'May', 'CEST', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Articles', 'Association', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', '25 April', 'notice', 'participation', 'Notification', 'SE-102', 'Stockholm', 'email', 'website', 'address', 'attorney', 'Story', 'verification', 'BankID', 'link', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'written', 'order', 'addition', 'procedures', 'advance', 'Items', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Consideration', '1.00', '12.15']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21503,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-concordia-070600874.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Concordia Maritime AB (publ),The shareholders of Concordia Maritime AB (publ)  556068-5819  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  4 May 2023 at 1.00...,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Concordia Maritime AB (publ)  556068-5819  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  4 May 2023 at 1.00 p.m. CEST at Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Gothenburg. Registration for the Annual General Meeting begins at 12.15 p.m. CEST.The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Concordia Maritime's Articles of Association.Right to participate and registrationAttending the meeting venueA) A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  25 April 2023  andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Thursday  27 April 2023. Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Computershare AB ""Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag's Annual General Meeting""  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden  by email proxy@computershare.se  by telephone +46 771-24 64 00 or on the company's website www.concordiamaritime.com (only for natural persons). The notification must state name  social security- or company registration number  address  telephone number and the number of possible assistants (maximum two).If shareholders are represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached. Form of proxy is available at the company's head office and on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Participation by postal votingB) A person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustStory continuesbe recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  25 April 2023  andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Thursday  27 April 2023  by having submitted a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Computershare AB no later than that day.A shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on Concordia Maritime's website  www.concordiamaritime.com. The completed and signed form must be received by Computershare AB no later than Thursday  27 April 2023. The completed and signed form shall be sent to Computershare AB ""Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag's Annual General Meeting""  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. The completed form may alternatively be submitted by email and is then to be sent to proxy@computershare.se (state ""Concordia Maritime - postal voting"" in the subject line). Shareholders can also choose to cast their postal vote electronically through verification with BankID. A link to electronic postal voting can be found on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Thursday  27 April 2023.The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form. Form of proxy is available at the company's head office and on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shareholders who have registered their shares in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  request that their shares be registered in their own name so that the shareholder is entered into the share register on Tuesday  25 April 2023. This registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested with the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in advance as determined by the nominee. Voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday  27 April 2023  are considered when preparing the share register.Items and proposed agendaOpening of the meeting. Election of Chairman of the meeting. Election of person to verify the minutes. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Consideration if the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the Board of Directors and statement by the Chairman of the Board. Presentation by the CEO. Presentation ofa) the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts;b) the audit report and the audit report for the group;c) the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management. Resolutions regardinga) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b) the allocation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet;c) the discharge from liability towards the company in respect of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Resolution regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditors. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board. Election of auditor. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the executive management. Closing of the meeting.Election of a Chairman for the meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that the attorney Aleksander Ivarsson is elected as Chairman of the meeting.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 4)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Computershare AB on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Proposal of profit allocation (item 10b)The Board of Directors does not propose any distribution of dividend.Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors and deputy auditors (item 11)The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of Board members elected by the shareholders shall be four and that no deputies should be appointed. The number of auditors is proposed to be one.Resolution regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditors (item 12)The Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the Board members is to be paid with SEK 400 000 (400 000) to the Chairman and SEK 300 000 (225 000) to each of the other Board members elected by the shareholders.The remuneration to the auditors shall be paid according to invoice approved by the company.Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board (item 13)The Nomination Committee proposes that Stefan Brocker  Henrik Hallin  Mats Jansson and Ulrika Laurin shall be re-elected as Board members. Stefan Brocker is proposed to be elected as Chairman of the Board. Carl-Johan Hagman has declined re-election to the Board of Directors.Election of auditor (item 14)In accordance with the Board of Director's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as auditor of the company for a period of one year until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has notified that the authorised public accountant Fredrik Göransson will be principally responsible auditor  if Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is elected as auditor by the Annual General Meeting.Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the executive management (item 16)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt guidelines for remuneration to the executive management in accordance with below.Scope of the guidelines  etc.Members of the executive management of Concordia Maritime fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.Remuneration under employments subject to other rules than Swedish may be duly adjusted to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe company's vision is to always be the preferred carrier and business partner within tanker transportation  and in order to achieve the purpose  the company has a business strategy that  in short  is to provide safe  sustainable and reliable tanker transportation based on innovation and performance for its customer  and to make timely investments in vessels and gain financially from fluctuations in their values. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers attractive and competitive remuneration. The absolute level depends on the scope and complexity of the position in question and on the individual employee's annual performance. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management an attractive and competitive total remuneration.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to annually predetermined and measurable criteria  e.g. commercial  operational and financial criteria  that shall be determined by the Board of Directors. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development. Currently  these criteria include  inter alia  avoidance of work-related personal injuries (LTIF)  number of vetting observations at vessel inspections  and fleet utilization. Applicable criteria and the relative size of the criteria is determined individually.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The Board of Directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to other executives  the CEO is responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on established financial data for the relevant period. Should the group's profit before tax be negative for the relevant period  the payment of variable cash remuneration be limited to 50 per cent of the actual result.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 35 per cent of the annual cash remuneration. For other executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits only to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  e.g.  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 15 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Termination of employmentThe notice period may not exceed two years for the CEO and one year for other executives  if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the CEO's fixed cash salary for two years  and one year for other executives. When termination is made by the executive  the period of notice may not exceed twelve months for the CEO and six months for other executives  without any right to severance pay.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The development of the gap between the remuneration to executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has not established a remuneration committee  since the Board of Directors found it more appropriate for the entire Board to fulfil the duties of a remuneration committee. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Board of Directors shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. The Board of Directors resolves on any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelines and how the shareholders' opinions are consideredThe current guidelines for remuneration to the executive management were adopted at the annual general meeting 2020. These guidelines are substantially the same as the guidelines adopted by the annual general meeting 2020. However  the notice period for other executives  if notice of termination of employment is made by the company  has been amended from a maximum of six months to a maximum of one year. In addition  the maximum fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay for other executives has been amended  to may not together exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed cash salary for one year  instead of as earlier stated six months.No comments or questions on the guidelines for remuneration to the executive management have emerged in connection with the general meeting proceeding.Available documentationThe Annual Report in Swedish  the audit report  the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management  the Board of Directors' remuneration report  and the Board of Directors' proposal on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management will be presented at the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's headquarters and the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com  no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. The above documents will also be sent to shareholders upon request  provided that such shareholder states a postal address.Information about the proposed Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement is available on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 47 729 798 shares  whereof 4 000 000 Series A shares and 43 729 798 Series B shares  representing a total of 83 729 798 votes. The company does not hold any of its own shares.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board considers that it will not cause significant damage to the company  provide information on circumstances that could affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  circumstances that could affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's economic situation and the company's relations with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in March  2023Concordia Maritime AB (publ)Board of DirectorsThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1948/3741132/1945842.pdf 2023-03-28 Concordia Maritime - Notice to the Annual General Meeting 2023CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/apac/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-concordia-maritime-ab-publ-301783019.htmlSOURCE Concordia Maritime",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.17,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Concordia Maritime AB', 'Notice', 'Elite Park Avenue Hotel', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'Such electronic votes', 'Annual General M', 'Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag', 'Concordia Maritime AB', 'electronic postal voting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'meeting venue', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'Computershare AB', 'share register', 'natural persons', 'possible assistants', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'head office', 'subject line', 'right registrations', 'registration certificate', 'postal vote', 'special form', 'completed form', 'telephone number', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'state name', 'GOTHENBURG', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'May', 'CEST', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Articles', 'Association', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', '25 April', 'notice', 'participation', 'Notification', 'SE-102', 'Stockholm', 'email', 'website', 'address', 'attorney', 'Story', 'verification', 'BankID', 'link', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'written', 'order', 'addition', 'procedures', 'advance', 'Items', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Consideration', '1.00', '12.15']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21504,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-kamux-corporation-301782999.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kamux Corporation,"HÄMEENLINNA  Finland  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Kamux Corporation (""Kamux"" or the ""company"") to the Annual General Meeting held on Thursday  April 20  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST). The Annual General Meeting will be he…","HÄMEENLINNA  Finland  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Kamux Corporation (""Kamux"" or the ""company"") to the Annual General Meeting held on Thursday  April 20  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Scandic Marina Congress Centers's Fennia 1 meeting venue  2nd floor  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of registrations and the distribution of ballot papers will begin at 1:00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders of Kamux can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters are to be dealt with at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  including the consolidated accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the financial year January 1  2022 – December 31  2022CEO's reviewThe annual accounts  consolidated accounts  annual report  and auditor's report will be available on the company's website at the latest on March 30  2023 .7. Adoption of annual accounts and consolidated accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe distributable funds on the balance sheet of the company as of December 31  2022  were EUR 109 418 100.43 which the profit for the financial year 2022 was EUR 12 870 706.13. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.15 per share be paid from the Company's distributable profit for the financial year 2022 and other distributable funds remain in the shareholders' equity (for the year 2021 a dividend of EUR 0.20 per share was distributed). The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend for the financial year 2022 is paid in two payment installments. The first payment installment of the dividend  EUR 0.05 per share  will be paid to the shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the first payment installment record date  which is April 24  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the first payment installment of the dividend will be paid on May 2  2023. The second payment installment of the dividend will be paid to the shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the second payment installment record date  which is October 24  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the second payment installment of the dividend will be paid on October 31  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized  if necessary  to decide on a new record date and payment date for the second payment installment of the dividend  if the regulations or rules of the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise require it.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year January 1  2022 – December 31  202210. Advisory resolution on the approval of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to approve Kamux's remuneration report for governing bodies from financial year 2022. According to the Finnish Companies Act  the resolution is advisory. The remuneration report for governing bodies will be available on the company's website at the latest on March 30  2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration for the Chairperson and members of the Board of Directors be modestly raised from the 2022 level  and the committee fees to remain on the 2022 level. Accordingly  the proposed remuneration is as follows:Chairperson of the Board of Directors EUR 68 000 (before EUR 65 000 )(before ) Member of the Board of Directors EUR 31 000 (before EUR 30 000 )(before ) Chairperson of the Audit Committee EUR 5 000Member of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500Chairperson of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee EUR 5 000Member of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee EUR 2 500The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that 40 per cent of the annual fee of the Chairperson and the members of the Board of Directors be paid in Kamux's shares either purchased at a prevailing market price from the market or alternatively by using own shares held by the company. The transfer of own shares or acquisition of shares directly for the members of the Board of Directors will be executed within two weeks from the publication of the interim review for the period January 1  2023 – March 31  2023. The rest of the annual fee would be paid in cash  which is used to cover taxes arising from the fees. The company shall pay the transaction costs and transfer taxes related to the purchase or transfer of the shares.The fees of the committee would be paid in cash. If the Board of Directors decides to establish new committees  the annual fees of the Chairperson and the members of the new committee are equal to the annual fees of the Chairperson and the members of the other committees.Travel expenses would be reimbursed in accordance with the company's travel policy.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members  the Chairperson  and the Vice Chairperson of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors  Mr. Terho Kalliokoski  Ms. Reija Laaksonen  Mr. Antti Mäkelä  Mr. Harri Sivula and Ms. Jaana Viertola-Truini be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and the Company's ceding CEO  Mr. Juha Kalliokoski  be elected as new member of the Board of Directors for a term of office beginning at the end of the Annual General Meeting on April 20  2023  and ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting following the election.Additionally  the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Terho Kalliokoski be elected as the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and Harri Sivula be elected as Vice Chairperson of the Board of Directors.All nominees above have given their consent to the position. According to the evaluation made by the nominees themselves and by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  Juha Kalliokoski is dependent of both the Company and its significant shareholders whilst the others are independent of the Company and of its significant shareholders.Mr. Tuomo Vähäpassi  current member of the Board of Directors  has stated that he is no longer available to be re-elected for a new term. Mr. Tapio Pajuharju  current member of the Board of Directors  has been appointed as the Company's new CEO as of June 1  2023  at the latest. For this reason  Mr. Pajuharju is not available as a board member for the term starting from the AGM 2023. Because the change of CEO will take place at a date to be specified later  according to the proposal  Juha Kalliokoski will serve both as CEO and as member of the Board of Directors for a limited period during the spring 2023. This will be a temporary deviation from the recommendation of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code.The above-mentioned shareholders propose that in the Annual General Meeting the shareholders take a stand on the proposal for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as a whole. The proposing body has assessed the proposed composition of the Board of Directors as to its overall structure as well as to its individual candidates based on the requirements set forth in the Board's Diversity Policy and in the Corporate Governance Code. The proposing body believes that  in addition to the complementary excellence and experience of the individual Board candidates  the proposed Board as a whole  meets the requirements of both the Corporate Governance Code and the Board Diversity Policy.The relevant information on all the proposed nominees to the Board of Directors is presented on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid according to their reasonable invoice as approved by the Board of Directors.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the company's auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Authorized Public Accountant Markku Launis will act as the principal auditor. The auditor's term of office will end at the end of the next Annual General Meeting following the election.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Articles of Association be amended by adding a new section no. 12  that shall read in its entirety as follows:""12. Place and organization of the General Meeting of Shareholders as a remote meetingThe General Meeting may be held in Helsinki or Hämeenlinna  at the discretion of the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors may decide that a shareholder may also participate in a general meeting by fully exercising their right to vote during the meeting by means of a telecommunication connection and a technical aid (hybrid meeting).The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting shall be held without a meeting place in such a way that shareholders exercise their voting rights fully and in a timely manner during the meeting by means of a telecommunication and a technical aid (remote meeting). A shareholder attending a remote meeting may exercise all their rights at the remote meeting in the same way as if they were attending the meeting in person.""In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that due to the above-mentioned amendment the clause ""The General Meeting must be held in Helsinki or Hämeenlinna."" is removed from the section no. 10 of the Articles of Association.The proposal for the new Articles of Association can be viewed in its entirety on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the share issueThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the issuance of shares in one or more tranches as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization shall not exceed 4 000 000 (four million)  which currently corresponds to approximately 10 (ten) per cent of all the shares in the Company.The Board of Directors decides on the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares either against payment or without consideration. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from shareholders' pre-emptive right (directed issue) for a weighty financial reason for the company  such as using the shares to develop the company's capital structure  to finance possible acquisitions  capital expenditure or other arrangements within the scope of the company's business operations  or to implement the company's commitment and incentive scheme.The authorization cancels the authorization given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of April 20  2022  and is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 2 000 000 (two million) company's own shares using the unrestricted equity of the company representing about 5 (five) per cent of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept company's own shares as a pledge.The shares shall be acquired through public trading  for which reason the shares are acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders and the consideration paid for the shares shall be the market price of the company's share in public trading at Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the time of the acquisition. Shares may also be acquired outside public trading for a price which at most corresponds to the market price in public trading at the time of the acquisition. The Board of Directors will be authorized to resolve upon how the shares are acquired.The authorization includes the Board's right to resolve on a directed repurchase or the acceptance of the shares as a pledge  if there is a compelling financial reason for the company to do so as provided for in Chapter 15  Section 6 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The shares shall be acquired to be used for execution of the company's share-based incentive schemes or for other purposes determined by the Board of Directors.The decision to repurchase company's own shares or to accept them as pledge shall not be made so that the shares of the company in the possession of or held as pledges by the company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10 (ten) per cent of all shares.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other matters related to the repurchase of the company's own shares and/or accepting them as a pledge.The authorization cancels the authorization given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of April 20  2022  and is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until June 30  2024.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice  which contains all the proposals for resolutions on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  is available on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.Kamux's annual report  including the annual accounts  consolidated accounts  the annual report  the auditor's report  the corporate governance statement  and the remuneration report will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on March 30  2023.The documents will also be available for inspection at the Annual General Meeting  and copies of them and of this notice will be sent to shareholders on request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available for inspection on the above-mentioned website by Thursday May 4  2023  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on Thursday  April 6  2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder's personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on March 28  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by Tuesday  April 11  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the notice of participation must be received.Registration for the Annual General Meeting can be done in the following ways:electronically through the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023Registration requires strong electronic authentication of a shareholder who is a natural person. When a shareholder who is a natural person logs into the service through the company's website  they will be redirected to the electronic authentication. Then  in one session  the shareholder can register for the Annual General Meeting  appoint a proxy and vote in advance. Strong electronic authentication can be made with Finnish bank ID or mobile certificate.Shareholders who are legal persons need the shareholder's book-entry account number and the entity / identification ID in addition to other required information to register electronically.For shareholders who are legal persons  electronic registration does not require strong electronic authentication. However  if the shareholder who is a legal person uses the Suomi.fi electronic authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using Finnish bank ID or a mobile certificate.By e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.euBy regular mail to address Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Kamux Corporation  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  FinlandBy phone +358 40 185 8633  from March 28  2023   from Monday to Thursday at 9 - 10 a.m. and 4 - 5.p.m. (EEST)In connection with the registration the requested information shall be provided  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  phone number and email address as well as the name of potential representative or proxy and the date of birth or personal identification number of the representative or proxy. The personal information given to the company or to Euroclear Finland Ltd by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registration. The shareholder or their representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue  if necessary.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  on Tuesday  April 6  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by April 17  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholdings after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to attend the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the company's temporary shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank without delay.The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders' register of the company within the above-mentioned registration period  at the latest by April 17  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) and  if necessary  take care of the voting in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.More information will be provided on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder is entitled to participate and make use of their rights as a shareholder at the Annual General Meeting by proxy. A shareholder's proxy representative may also  if they wish so  vote in advance by regular mail or e-mail as set out in this notice. Proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Templates for proxy form and voting instruction are available on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. The original proxy form must be prepared to be presented at the Annual General Meeting at the latest.If the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting through several proxy representatives  who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be indicated during registration.A proxy representative must deliver a proxy document given to them by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Kamux Corporation  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period on April 11  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the documents or corresponding information must be received. In addition to delivering the proxy authorization documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall see to registration for the Annual General in the manner set out in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy document. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". When registering  the assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with a Finnish bank ID or a mobile certificate.The above-mentioned websites also provide information on registering for the Annual General Meeting and voting in advance for a minor  other impaired or foreign shareholder who has a Finnish book-entry account.More information on https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations and https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain agenda items of the Annual General Meeting during the period from March 28  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) until April 11  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EEST) in the following ways:Shareholders who are natural persons log in to the service with strong electronic authentication  using Finnish bank ID or a mobile certificate. Strong electronic authentication for registration and advance voting requires the use of Finnish bank ID or mobile certificates and the shareholder must provide the requested personal information.The shareholder is connected to the electronic general meeting service via a secure internet connection. The communication link used is encrypted using SSL technology  which is commonly used by online banks  among others.Stong electronic authentication is not required from shareholders that are legal persons. Shareholders who are legal persons need the shareholder's book-entry account number in addition to the business/individual IDs to log in. The number of the book-entry account can be found  among other things  on the account statement of the book-entry account. If the shareholders who are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using a Finnish bank ID or Finnish mobile certificate.by regular mail or e-mailA shareholder may send the advance voting form available on the company's website to Euroclear Finland Ltd by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Kamux Corporation  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland .The voting instructions will also be available on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by regular mail or e-mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message contains the information required for registration on the advance voting form.In connection with the advance voting  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information. The personal information given to Kamux or Euroclear Finland Ltd by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise their right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Companies Act unless they attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy representative at the meeting venue. A shareholder may take a position on the items they wish to vote on and change their advance votes during the advance voting period and may also browse through the advance votes they have cast even after the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may also print out a confirmation of the votes they have given in advance.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the Annual General Meeting.The terms and conditions as well as other instructions related to the electronic advance voting are also available on the company's website https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. The above-mentioned websites also provide information on how to register for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting for a minor  other impaired or foreign shareholder who has a Finnish book-entry account.5. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish and there is no simultaneous interpretation at the meeting.A shareholder has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to attend the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  March 28  2023  the total number of shares and votes in Kamux is 40 017 420 shares and votes. As of the date of this notice  the company holds a total of 6 098 own shares  which are not entitled to vote at the Annual General Meeting.Hämeenlinna  March 28  2023 Kamux CorporationThe Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Katariina Hietaranta  Head of Communications & IR  tel. +358 50 557 6765Kamux is a retail chain specializing in the sale of used cars and related integrated services that has grown rapidly. Kamux combines online shopping with an extensive showroom network to provide its customers with a great service experience anytime  anywhere. In addition to digital channels  the company has a total of 77 car showrooms in Finland  Sweden and Germany. Since its founding  the company has sold over 450 000 used cars  62 922 of which were sold in 2022. Kamux's revenue in 2022 was EUR 968.7 million and its average number of employees was 883 in terms of full-time equivalent employees. Kamux Corporation is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. For more information  please visit www.kamux.comSOURCE Kamux",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.58,0.41,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Kamux Corporation', 'Notice', 'first payment installment record date', 'second payment installment record date', 'Scandic Marina Congress Centers', 'new record date', 'The Annual General Meeting', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'two payment installments', 'Fennia 1 meeting venue', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'prevailing market price', 'other distributable funds', 'payment date', 'annual accounts', 'annual fee', 'two weeks', 'annual remuneration', 'annual report', 'The Board', 'HÄMEENLINNA', '2nd floor', 'ballot papers', 'voting rights', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'consolidated accounts', 'balance sheet', ""shareholders' equity"", ""shareholders' register"", 'governing bodies', 'Audit Committee', '40 per cent', 'financial year', 'Remuneration Committee', 'distributable profit', 'committee fees', 'interim review', 'remuneration report', 'Kamux Corporation', 'Advisory resolution', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'company', 'Thursday', 'April', 'EEST', 'Katajanokanlaituri', '00160 Helsinki', 'reception', 'registrations', 'distribution', 'advance', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'December', 'CEO', 'website', 'use', 'May', 'October', 'regulations', 'rules', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'approval', 'Chairperson', '2022 level', 'Personnel', 'shares', 'transfer', 'acquisition', 'publication', 'period', 'January', 'rest', 'cash', 'taxes', '2:00', '1:00']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,prnewswire.co.uk
21505,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IANTE-INVESTMENTS-SOCIMI-107634495/news/Iante-Investments-SOCIMI-S-A-Certificate-of-the-Extraordinary-GSM-ndash-Capital-increase-and-oth-43353862/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Iante Investments SOCIMI S A : Certificate of the Extraordinary GSM – Capital increase and other agreements 24-03-2023 28-03-2023,"(marketscreener.com)   CERTIFICATE OF THE MINUTES OF THE   EXTRAORDINARY AND UNIVERSAL GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF THE COMPANY   ""IANTE INVESTMENTS SOCIMI  S.A.""   Mr. Dámaso Riaño López  in his position as Secretary Non-Director of the Board …","CERTIFICATE OF THE MINUTES OF THEEXTRAORDINARY AND UNIVERSAL GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF THE COMPANY""IANTE INVESTMENTS SOCIMI  S.A.""Mr. Dámaso Riaño López  in his position as Secretary Non-Director of the Board of Directors of ""IANTE INVESTMENTS SOCIMI  S.A."" (hereinafter  the ""Company"")  whose position is in force and duly registered CERTIFIESI. Whereas  on March 24  2023  all the shareholders with voting rights of the Company  who hold all the subscribed and paid-up capital  appeared at the registered office  duly represented  unanimously agreeing to hold an Extraordinary and Universal General Shareholders' Meeting  which was held in accordance with the provisions of the Company's Bylaws and article 178 of the Spanish Corporation Law.II. Whereas  according to the attendance list  the meeting was attended by 100% of the share capital  duly represented.III. Whereas  Acting as Chairman and Secretary of the Board meeting  by unanimous agreement of the attendees  are Mr. Pablo Paramio García and Mr. Dámaso Riaño López  respectively.IV. Whereas  the Chairman proposed the AGENDA  which was unanimously approved by the shareholders in attendance  comprising the following items: ""First.- Share Capital Increase by way of the issuance of new shares in order and amendment of article 5 of the articles of association. Second.- Recording of the ownership of the new shares recently issued. Third.- Granting of specific authorization to execute the preceding decisions.""V. Whereas  after deliberation on the matters included in the Agenda proposed by the Chairman and  the Extraordinary and Universal General Shareholders' Meeting having been declared by the Chairman to be validly constituted  the CORPORATE AGREEMENTS were unanimously adopted and are partially transcribed below from the Minute Book:First.- Share capital increase by way of the issuance of new shares in order and amendment of article 5 of the articles of association.Having analysed the proposal presented by the board of directors  which was drawn up in accordance with article 286 of the Spanish Companies Act  the Universal General Shareholders' Meeting unanimously agree to increase the Company´s share capital from EUR 9 823 363.00 to EUR 9 952 636.00  that is  a total share capital increase of EUR 129 273.00.This share capital increase is carried out through the issuance of 129 273 new nominative shares of the Company of the same series as the currently outstanding shares  numbered consecutively from 9 823 364 to 9 952 636  both inclusive which will have a par value of EUR 1.00. A share premium of EUR 297 327.90 or EUR 2.3 per share is agreed. The new shares will enjoy the same voting and economic rights as the shares incirculation until now.The rest of Shareholders are recognized as having the right to subscribe a number of shares proportional to the nominal value of those they already hold  notwithstanding which exercise of the pre-emptive subscription by the Shareholders is expressly waived.The share capital prior to this increase is fully subscribed and paid up.The subscription and payment of the new shares is made on the following terms: The company ""AEREF V Iberian Residential Holdings  S.à.R.L.""  a company duly incorporated according to the Laws of Luxembourg  with professional address at 14-16 avenue Pasteur L-2310 (Luxembourg)  duly registered with the Register of Companies of Luxembourg under number B223090  with Spanish Tax Identification Number N-0186398-D  subscribes and pays up in full 129 273 shares; numbered from 9 823 364 to 9 952 636  both inclusive  by their joint nominal value of EUR 129 273.00  plus a total share premium of EUR 297 327.90; all of that by means of a bank transfer to the account held by the Company in Sabadell Bank as capital increase.Likewise  the Universal General Shareholders' Meeting unanimously agree to state the shares into which the share capital of the Company is divided  so that the numbering of the shares is as follows:Shareholder Number of shares Numeration [**] 9.883.587 1 to 5 768 406  both included 5 819 767 to 5 879 766  both included 5 895 417 to 9.390.415  both included and 9 392 455 to 9 952 636 both included [**] 51 360 From 5 768 407 to 5 819 766  both included [**] 700 5 880 467 to 5 881 166  both included [**] 210 5 881 167 to 5 881 376  both included [**] 210 5 881 377 to 5 881 586  both included [**] 700 5 881 587 to 5 882 286  both included [**] 140 5 882 287 to 5 882 426  both included [**] 2 356 5 882 427 to 5 884 782  both included [**] 700 5 884 783 to 5 885 482  both included [**] 5 131 5 879 767 to 5 880 466  both included  and 5 885 483 to 5 889 913  both included [**] 140 5 889 914 to 5 890 053  both included [**] 5 363 5 890 054 to 5 895 416  both included [**] 2 039 9 390 416 to 9 392 454  both includedAs a consequence of the above  the Universal General Shareholders' Meeting unanimously agree to amend article 5 of the articles of association  which shall now be worded as follows:""Article 5.- Capital.The share capital  which is totally subscribed and paid-up  is set at NINE MILLION NINE HUNDRED AND FIFTY-TWO THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED WITH THIRTY-SIX EUROS (EUR 9 952 636.00). Said capital is divided into NINE MILLION NINE HUNDRED AND FIFTY-TWO THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED WITH THIRTY-SIX (9 952 636) shares of ONE EURO (EUR 1.00) face value per share  represented via nominative shares  all of the same kind and series.Maintaining the book entries of the shares shall correspond to Euroclear France  S.A. (Euroclear) and its affiliated entities.""Second.- Recording of the ownership of the new shares recently issued.Similarly  by virtue of articles 314 of the Spanish Corporation Law and 198.4.1 of the Spanish Commercial Registry Regulation  the Universal General Shareholders' Meeting states for the record that in the Shares Registry Book of the Company  appears the ownership of the new 253 636 shares created as consequence of the previous agreement of capital increase.Third.- Granting of specific authorization to execute the preceding agreements.The Universal General Shareholders' Meeting unanimously agree to confer an express authorization as broad and wide as legally required  in favour of the management body as well as any attorney of the Company entitled to execute its corporate resolutions according to article 108(3) of the Spanish Companies' House Regulation; so that any of them  acting jointly and severally  may appear before a Notary Public of their choice and thus execute the preceding corporate resolutions; being them all furthermore entitled to enter into as many documents and perform as many actions as may be required when filing them  where applicable  with the relevant Companies' House; and to remedy any defects that may be rated by the Registrar  whether verbally or in writing  and that may be remedied  notwithstanding the possibility to partially record these resolutions  if any  all in accordance with the provisions of articles 62 and 63 of the Spanish Companies' House Regulation.And there being no other decisions to be recorded  these minutes are drawn up  which  once read  are approved unanimously and signed by the Secretary  with the approval of the Chairman  in the place and date of the header.For such purposes  this certificate is issued by the Secretary Non-Director  after approval by the Chairman of the Board of Directors  in Madrid on March 27  2023.Mr. Pablo Paramio García Chairman of the Board of DirectorsMr. Dámaso Riaño LópezSecretary Non-Director of the Board of Directors",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.16,0.41,True,English,"['Iante Investments SOCIMI S A', 'Extraordinary GSM', 'Capital increase', 'other agreements', 'Certificate', 'Mr. Dámaso Riaño López', 'Mr. Pablo Paramio García', 'AEREF V Iberian Residential Holdings', '14-16 avenue Pasteur L', ""UNIVERSAL GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'Spanish Tax Identification Number', 'S.à.R.L.', 'total share capital increase', 'Spanish Corporation Law', 'total share premium', 'Spanish Companies Act', 'IANTE INVESTMENTS SOCIMI', 'joint nominal value', '129,273 new nominative shares', 'Board meeting', 'par value', 'up capital', 'CERTIFIES I.', 'voting rights', 'registered office', 'unanimous agreement', 'following items', 'specific authorization', 'preceding decisions', 'CORPORATE AGREEMENTS', 'Minute Book', 'same series', 'same voting', 'economic rights', 'following terms', 'professional address', 'bank transfer', 'Sabadell Bank', 'Shareholder Number', 'new shares', 'outstanding shares', 'full 129,273 shares', 'shares Numeration', 'attendance list', 'pre-emptive subscription', 'V.', 'CERTIFICATE', 'THE', 'MINUTES', 'EXTRAORDINARY', 'COMPANY', 'position', 'Secretary', 'Director', 'force', 'March', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Bylaws', 'article', 'Chairman', 'attendees', 'AGENDA', 'First', 'way', 'issuance', 'order', 'amendment', 'association', 'Recording', 'ownership', 'Granting', 'deliberation', 'matters', 'proposal', 'rest', 'exercise', 'payment', 'Luxembourg', 'means', 'account', 'numbering', 'consequence']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21506,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/28/2635854/0/en/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-TULIKIVI-CORPORATION-2023.html,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF TULIKIVI CORPORATION 2023,TULIKIVI CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  28 MARCH 2023 AT 5:00 PM  Notice is given to the shareholders of Tulikivi Corporation to the Annual...,English FinnishTULIKIVI CORPORATION STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 28 MARCH 2023 AT 5:00 PMNotice is given to the shareholders of Tulikivi Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 April 2023 starting at 14:00 p.m. at the premises of Borenius Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 2  00130 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 13:30 p.m.A. Matters on the agenda of the general meetingThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022- Review by the CEOThe annual report of the company  including annual accounts for the year 2022  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report  will be published on 31 March 2023 and will be available from the publication date on the company's website.7. Adoption of the annual accounts  which also includes the adoption of consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and deciding on the payment of dividendsThe parent company does not have dividend eligible assets. The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that dividends shall not be paid for the year 2022.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report will be published on 31 March 2023 and will be available afterwards on the company’s website at www.tulikivi.com/en/ .The Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report for governing bodies be approved. The decision is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the annual remuneration of each member of the Board of Directors is EUR 21 000. The annual remuneration shall be paid primarily in the form of Series A shares in Tulikivi Corporation so that the shares are purchased on the stock exchange by 31 December 2023. The purchase of shares shall take place on the basis of the General Meeting’s resolution and instructions. Unless the Board of Directors grants express permission in advance on a case-by-case basis  the members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer any shares received until their membership on the Board of Directors has ended. Alternatively  the annual remuneration may be paid in whole or in part in cash. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall  in addition to this  be paid a monthly remuneration of EUR 4 500 for this work. Those members of the Board of Directors who perform non-Board of Directors assignments for the company shall be paid a fee on the basis of time rates and invoices approved by the Board of Directors. Travel costs shall be reimbursed in accordance with the company’s travelling compensation regulations.The members of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors shall receive a fee of EUR 330 per meeting. The Chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive a fee of EUR 660 per meeting.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that six members shall be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the following current members of the Board of Directors shall be re-elected: Jaakko Aspara  Niko Haavisto  Liudmila Niemi  Tarmo Tuominen  Jyrki Tähtinen and Heikki Vauhkonen.All candidates have consented to being elected.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the fees of the auditor shall be paid according to approved invoices.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the firm of authorised public accountants KPMG Oy Ab will be elected as the auditor  with Ms Heli Tuuri  Authorised Public Accountant  acting as the auditor in charge.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and issuance of rights of option and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of new shares or the company’s own shares in the possession of the company. The new shares and the company’s own shares in possession of the company could be issued either against payment or without payment to the company's shareholders in accordance with their proportional ownership of the company’s shares or through a directed issue by deviating from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right provided that there is a weighty financial reason for the deviation from the company’s point of view. A directed share issue could only be made without payment if there is an especially weighty financial reason for it from the point of view of the company and all its shareholders.In addition  the authorisation would include a right to issue shares without payment to the company itself  provided that the number of shares issued to the company would not exceed one tenth (1/10) of all shares in the company. When calculating this number  the number of shares held by the company as well as those held by its subsidiaries must be taken into account as set out in Chapter 15  section 11(1) of the Companies Act.The authorisation would also include the right to issue special rights  as defined in Chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act  which entitle to subscribe for new shares in the company or the company's own shares in the possession of the company against payment. The payment may be made either in cash or by setting off the subscriber’s receivable against the company as payment for the share subscription.The Board of Directors may use the authorisation for the purpose of making fee / salary payments in the form of shares.The Board of Directors is entitled to decide on other issues related to the share issues.No more than 30% of the number of Series A shares on the date of this notice  i.e. 15 656 622 Series A shares in the aggregate  and no more than 30% of the number of Series K shares on the date of this notice  i.e. 2 304 750 Series K shares in the aggregate (i.e. no more than 30% of the number of shares on the date of this notice  i.e. 17 961 372 shares in the aggregate) may be issued on the basis of this authorisation  regardless of whether such shares are new shares or the company’s own shares in the company’s possession.The authorisation to issue shares is in force until the Annual General Meeting to be held in 2024 but until 30 June 2024 at the latest. The authorization will not revoke any prior authorizations granted to the Board of Directors.17. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the general meetingThe above-mentioned proposals of the Board of Directors as well as this notice are available on Tulikivi Corporation’s website at http://www.tulikivi.com/en/tulikivi/General_meetings. The annual report of Tulikivi Corporation  including the company’s annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report as well as remuneration policy and the Corporate Governance Statement  shall be disclosed and will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 31 March 2023. Copies of the aforementioned documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website 11 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants to the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting on 17 April 2023 in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. has the right to participate in the General Meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account are registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Shareholders wishing to participate in the General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than 17 April 2023 by 10:00 a.m. by notifying the company of their participation. The registration shall be received by the company no later than on the above-mentioned date.Shareholders can register for the General Meeting:a) by email / maj-lis.kallinen@tulikivi.fi;b) by telephone at +358 207 636 321 (Mon to Fri from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m);c) by regular mail to Tulikivi Corporation / General Meeting  Kuhnustantie 65  FI-83900 Juuka  Finland; ord) at the company’s offices at Kuhnustantie 65  83900 Juuka (Mon to Fri from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m).In connection with the registration  shareholders shall notify requested information including their name  personal identity code or company ID and contact details  and the name of any assistant or proxy and his / her personal date of birth.Personal data given to Tulikivi Corporation is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.Shareholders and their representatives or proxies shall be able to prove their identity and / or right to represent the shareholder upon request.2. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise prove in a reliable manner their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Any proxy documents should be delivered in originals to the address: Tulikivi Corporation / General Meeting  Kuhnustantie 65  FI-83900 Juuka  Finland on or before the last date for registration.3. Holders of a nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he / she on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on 17 April 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest by 24 April 2023 10:00 a.m.. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to request in good time necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the General Meeting to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares in Tulikivi Corporation is 59 871 243 of which the number of Series A shares is 52 188 743 and the number of Series K shares is 7 682 500. Of these shares  a total of 124 200 Series A shares are held by the company. Series A shares have 52 064 543 votes altogether and Series K shares have 76 825 000 votes. On the basis of the above  a maximum of 128 889 543 votes can be cast at the General Meeting.In Helsinki  on 28 March 2023TULIKIVI CORPORATIONBOARD OF DIRECTORSDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.tulikivi.comFurther information: Heikki Vauhkonen  Managing Director  tel. +358 (0)207 636 555,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'TULIKIVI CORPORATION', 'NOTICE', 'TULIKIVI CORPORATION STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Borenius Attorneys Ltd', 'travelling compensation regulations', 'Jyrki Tähtinen', 'authorised public accountants', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Ms Heli Tuuri', 'consolidated financial statements', 'other special rights', 'Series A shares', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Annual General Meeting', 'A. Matters', 'Audit Committee', 'annual accounts', 'English Finnish', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'following matters', 'publication date', 'balance sheet', 'eligible assets', 'governing bodies', 'annual remuneration', 'express permission', 'time rates', 'Travel costs', 'Jaakko Aspara', 'Niko Haavisto', 'Liudmila Niemi', 'Tarmo Tuominen', 'Heikki Vauhkonen', 'proportional ownership', 'monthly remuneration', 'annual report', 'new shares', 'remuneration report', 'six members', 'current members', 'parent company', 'The Board', 'Directors assignments', 'case basis', 'MARCH', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '27 April', 'premises', '00130 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'year', 'Review', 'CEO', 'website', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'decision', 'form', '31 December', 'purchase', 'place', 'instructions', 'advance', 'membership', 'part', 'cash', 'Chairman', 'addition', 'EUR', 'work', 'fee', 'invoices', 'accordance', 'number', 'candidates', 'firm', 'issuance', 'issue', 'possession', '5:00', '14:00', '13:30', '2022', '7.']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,globenewswire.com
21507,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TULIKIVI-CORPORATION-1412546/news/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-TULIKIVI-CORPORATION-2023-43358605/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF TULIKIVI CORPORATION 2023,(marketscreener.com) TULIKIVI CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  28 MARCH 2023 AT 5:00 PM Notice is given to the shareholders of Tulikivi Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 April 2023 starting at 14:00 p.m. at the premises of Boreniu…,TULIKIVI CORPORATION STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 28 MARCH 2023 AT 5:00 PMNotice is given to the shareholders of Tulikivi Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 April 2023 starting at 14:00 p.m. at the premises of Borenius Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 2  00130 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 13:30 p.m.A. Matters on the agenda of the general meetingThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022- Review by the CEOThe annual report of the company  including annual accounts for the year 2022  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report  will be published on 31 March 2023 and will be available from the publication date on the company's website.7. Adoption of the annual accounts  which also includes the adoption of consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and deciding on the payment of dividendsThe parent company does not have dividend eligible assets. The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that dividends shall not be paid for the year 2022.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report will be published on 31 March 2023 and will be available afterwards on the company’s website at www.tulikivi.com/en/ .The Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report for governing bodies be approved. The decision is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the annual remuneration of each member of the Board of Directors is EUR 21 000. The annual remuneration shall be paid primarily in the form of Series A shares in Tulikivi Corporation so that the shares are purchased on the stock exchange by 31 December 2023. The purchase of shares shall take place on the basis of the General Meeting’s resolution and instructions. Unless the Board of Directors grants express permission in advance on a case-by-case basis  the members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer any shares received until their membership on the Board of Directors has ended. Alternatively  the annual remuneration may be paid in whole or in part in cash. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall  in addition to this  be paid a monthly remuneration of EUR 4 500 for this work. Those members of the Board of Directors who perform non-Board of Directors assignments for the company shall be paid a fee on the basis of time rates and invoices approved by the Board of Directors. Travel costs shall be reimbursed in accordance with the company’s travelling compensation regulations.The members of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors shall receive a fee of EUR 330 per meeting. The Chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive a fee of EUR 660 per meeting.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that six members shall be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the following current members of the Board of Directors shall be re-elected: Jaakko Aspara  Niko Haavisto  Liudmila Niemi  Tarmo Tuominen  Jyrki Tähtinen and Heikki Vauhkonen.All candidates have consented to being elected.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the fees of the auditor shall be paid according to approved invoices.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the firm of authorised public accountants KPMG Oy Ab will be elected as the auditor  with Ms Heli Tuuri  Authorised Public Accountant  acting as the auditor in charge.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and issuance of rights of option and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of new shares or the company’s own shares in the possession of the company. The new shares and the company’s own shares in possession of the company could be issued either against payment or without payment to the company's shareholders in accordance with their proportional ownership of the company’s shares or through a directed issue by deviating from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right provided that there is a weighty financial reason for the deviation from the company’s point of view. A directed share issue could only be made without payment if there is an especially weighty financial reason for it from the point of view of the company and all its shareholders.In addition  the authorisation would include a right to issue shares without payment to the company itself  provided that the number of shares issued to the company would not exceed one tenth (1/10) of all shares in the company. When calculating this number  the number of shares held by the company as well as those held by its subsidiaries must be taken into account as set out in Chapter 15  section 11(1) of the Companies Act.The authorisation would also include the right to issue special rights  as defined in Chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act  which entitle to subscribe for new shares in the company or the company's own shares in the possession of the company against payment. The payment may be made either in cash or by setting off the subscriber’s receivable against the company as payment for the share subscription.The Board of Directors may use the authorisation for the purpose of making fee / salary payments in the form of shares.The Board of Directors is entitled to decide on other issues related to the share issues.No more than 30% of the number of Series A shares on the date of this notice  i.e. 15 656 622 Series A shares in the aggregate  and no more than 30% of the number of Series K shares on the date of this notice  i.e. 2 304 750 Series K shares in the aggregate (i.e. no more than 30% of the number of shares on the date of this notice  i.e. 17 961 372 shares in the aggregate) may be issued on the basis of this authorisation  regardless of whether such shares are new shares or the company’s own shares in the company’s possession.The authorisation to issue shares is in force until the Annual General Meeting to be held in 2024 but until 30 June 2024 at the latest. The authorization will not revoke any prior authorizations granted to the Board of Directors.17. Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the general meetingThe above-mentioned proposals of the Board of Directors as well as this notice are available on Tulikivi Corporation’s website at http://www.tulikivi.com/en/tulikivi/General_meetings. The annual report of Tulikivi Corporation  including the company’s annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report as well as remuneration policy and the Corporate Governance Statement  shall be disclosed and will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 31 March 2023. Copies of the aforementioned documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website 11 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants to the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting on 17 April 2023 in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. has the right to participate in the General Meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account are registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Shareholders wishing to participate in the General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than 17 April 2023 by 10:00 a.m. by notifying the company of their participation. The registration shall be received by the company no later than on the above-mentioned date.Shareholders can register for the General Meeting:a) by email / maj-lis.kallinen@tulikivi.fi;b) by telephone at +358 207 636 321 (Mon to Fri from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m);c) by regular mail to Tulikivi Corporation / General Meeting  Kuhnustantie 65  FI-83900 Juuka  Finland; ord) at the company’s offices at Kuhnustantie 65  83900 Juuka (Mon to Fri from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m).In connection with the registration  shareholders shall notify requested information including their name  personal identity code or company ID and contact details  and the name of any assistant or proxy and his / her personal date of birth.Personal data given to Tulikivi Corporation is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.Shareholders and their representatives or proxies shall be able to prove their identity and / or right to represent the shareholder upon request.2. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise prove in a reliable manner their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Any proxy documents should be delivered in originals to the address: Tulikivi Corporation / General Meeting  Kuhnustantie 65  FI-83900 Juuka  Finland on or before the last date for registration.3. Holders of a nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he / she on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on 17 April 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest by 24 April 2023 10:00 a.m.. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to request in good time necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the General Meeting to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares in Tulikivi Corporation is 59 871 243 of which the number of Series A shares is 52 188 743 and the number of Series K shares is 7 682 500. Of these shares  a total of 124 200 Series A shares are held by the company. Series A shares have 52 064 543 votes altogether and Series K shares have 76 825 000 votes. On the basis of the above  a maximum of 128 889 543 votes can be cast at the General Meeting.In Helsinki  on 28 March 2023TULIKIVI CORPORATIONBOARD OF DIRECTORSDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.tulikivi.comFurther information: Heikki Vauhkonen  Managing Director  tel. +358 (0)207 636 555,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'TULIKIVI CORPORATION', 'NOTICE', 'TULIKIVI CORPORATION STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Borenius Attorneys Ltd', 'travelling compensation regulations', 'Jyrki Tähtinen', 'authorised public accountants', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Ms Heli Tuuri', 'consolidated financial statements', 'other special rights', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Series A shares', 'Annual General Meeting', 'A. Matters', 'Audit Committee', 'annual accounts', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'publication date', 'balance sheet', 'eligible assets', 'governing bodies', 'annual remuneration', 'express permission', 'time rates', 'Travel costs', 'Jaakko Aspara', 'Niko Haavisto', 'Liudmila Niemi', 'Tarmo Tuominen', 'Heikki Vauhkonen', 'proportional ownership', 'monthly remuneration', 'annual report', 'following matters', 'new shares', 'The Board', 'remuneration report', 'six members', 'current members', 'parent company', 'Directors assignments', 'case basis', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '27 April', 'premises', '00130 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'year', 'Review', 'CEO', '31 March', 'website', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'decision', 'form', '31 December', 'purchase', 'place', 'instructions', 'advance', 'membership', 'part', 'cash', 'Chairman', 'addition', 'EUR', 'work', 'fee', 'invoices', 'accordance', 'number', 'candidates', 'firm', 'issuance', 'issue', 'possession', '5:00', '14:00', '13:30', '2022', '7.']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21508,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HERANTIS-PHARMA-OYJ-39435608/news/Herantis-Pharma-Oyj-Notice-to-Convene-Herantis-Pharma-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-43356742/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Herantis Pharma Oyj : Notice to Convene Herantis Pharma Plc's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Herantis Pharma Plc Company release   Notice to Convene Herantis Pharma Plc's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders   Herantis Pharma Plc   Company release   28 March 2023 at 1:45 p.m. EESTNotice is given to the sharehold…,"Herantis Pharma Plc Company releaseNotice to Convene Herantis Pharma Plc's Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersHerantis Pharma PlcCompany release28 March 2023 at 1:45 p.m. EESTNotice is given to the shareholders of Herantis Pharma Plc to the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held on 20 April 2023  commencing at 10.00 a.m. (Eastern European Summer Time) at Holiday Inn Helsinki City Centre  Feeliks and Truman meeting rooms  1st floor (conference area)  Elielinaukio 5  00100 Helsinki. Reception of those registered for the meeting starts at 9.30 a.m. at the meeting venue. Instructions to the shareholders can be found below in this notice in section C Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting of Shareholders.A Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting of ShareholdersAt the General Meeting of Shareholders  the following matters will be considered:1 2 3OPENING OF THE MEETINGCALLING THE MEETING TO ORDERELECTION OF PERSON TO SCRUTINIZE THE MINUTES AND TO SUPERVISE THE COUNTING OF VOTES4 5RECORDING THE LEGALITY OF THE MEETINGRECORDING THE ATTENDANCE AT THE MEETING AND ADOPTION OF THE LIST OF VOTES6PRESENTATION OF THE ANNUAL ACCOUNTS  THE REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDITOR'S REPORT FOR THE YEAR 20227CEO'S COMPANY PRESENTATION  REDUCTION OF EQUITY AND CONSIDERATION OF RELATED MEASURESCEO's company presentation will cover  i.a.  the reduction of equity and consideration of measures to remedy the financial situation of the Company taking also into account that the Company is a going concern.8 9ADOPTION OF THE ANNUAL ACCOUNTSPROFIT / LOSS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEARThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders that no dividend be paid for the financial year 1 January - 31 December 2022 and that the loss for the financial year shall be recorded to the profit and loss account.10RESOLUTION ON THE DISCHARGE OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE CEO FROM LIABILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 202211RESOLUTION ON THE REMUNERATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND REIMBURSEMENT OF TRAVEL EXPENSESThe Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders that the remuneration of the Board of Directors shall be as follows:• The remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors shall be EUR 18 000 annually for each member of the Board except for the Chairman of the Board who shall be paid EUR 36 000 annually.• The Chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive a fixed annual fee of EUR 8 000 and each member of the Audit Committee a fixed annual fee of EUR 4 000.• The Chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive a fixed annual fee of EUR 4 000 and each member of the Remuneration Committee a fixed annual fee of EUR 2 000.• Board members are also reimbursed reasonable travel expenses related to the duties of the Board of Directors.12RESOLUTION ON THE NUMBER OF THE MEMBERS AND ELECTION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSThe Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be five (5).The Shareholders' Nomination Committee further proposes that from the current members of the Board of Directors  Timo Veromaa  Mats Thorén  Frans Wuite  Aki Prihti and Hilde Furberg shall be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.13RESOLUTION ON THE REMUNERATION OF AUDITORThe Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor be paid reasonable remuneration in accordance with the invoice approved by the Company.14ELECTION OF AUDITORThe Board of Directors proposes that the firm of authorized public accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  which has appointed APA Panu Vänskä as responsible auditor  to be appointed as Auditor to serve for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. The Auditor proposed herein has given its consent for the election.15AUTHORIZATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO DECIDE ON ISSUING SHARESThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as follows:The shares issued under the authorization may be new shares or treasury shares. Under the authorization  a maximum of 5 074 000 shares may be issued which corresponds to 2 (7)approximately 30 per cent. of all the shares issued by the Company. The shares may be issued in one or more tranches.The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on all other terms and conditions of the share issue. The share issue may be directed i.e. deviate from the pre-emptive subscription right of shareholders  provided that there is a weighty financial reason.The proposed authorization does not invalidate any earlier authorizations entitling the Board of Directors to decide on share issues or issues of special rights entitling to shares.The authorization is valid until the close of next annual general meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024.16AUTHORIZATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO DECIDE ON ISSUING OPTION RIGHTSThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of option rights pursuant to Chapter 10 of the Companies Act as follows:A maximum of 300 000 share options and shares may be issued under the authorization  provided however that the number of share options so issued may not together with any option rights granted on the basis of the authorizations from previous General Meetings exceed 1 290 000 option rights in total. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be issued in one or more tranches.The maximum amount of share options issued on the basis of this authorization and any other authorization granted by previous General Meetings may not exceed 10 per cent. of all the shares issued by the Company from time to time.ObjectiveThe objective of the authorization is to ensure that the employee option incentive program of the Company is aligned with international industry practices and thereby enables the Board to commit the existing and potential new key personnel into long-term value creation of the Company.EligibilityNew employees are eligible for option grants upon joining the Company. Employees will be eligible for an annual option award on a discretionary basis  taking into account overall performance  competitiveness of terms  work responsibility  importance of retention  organization level  and position. The Board of Directors will exercise discretion as to who will receive an equity award in any given year  based on recommendations made by the Remuneration Committee. The Board of Directors intends to grant awards under the plan on an annual basis. Board members are not eligible to participate.Grant size and exercise priceThe Remuneration Committee shall recommend to the Board the size of the overall option grant. The grant schedule will be determined  and reviewed  on the basis of market 3 (7)competitiveness of the equity component of the compensation package and the overall size of the available option and share pool approved by shareholders. The exercise price will correspond to 126 per cent. of the volume weighted average share price of the Company's share during 10 trading days preceding the grant date. However  in no event shall the exercise price be lower than the subscription price of the Company's share in the Company's latest share issue against consideration (excluding share subscriptions based on option rights) preceding the option grant date.Employee vesting scheduleGranted share options shall vest and become exercisable over a three-year period  with 1/3 on the first anniversary of the grant date  with an annual vesting of 1/3 during the second year after the grant date  and with an annual vesting of 1/3 during the third year after the grant date. The options expire five years after the grant date. In the case of termination of employment  the employee will not vest further share options beyond notice of termination. Unless special circumstances dictate otherwise  the terminated employee can  as a general rule  exercise vested options no later than the expiry of the first exercise period following the notice of termination (unless a later date has been resolved by theBoard). Options not exercised prior to the above deadline will lapse.The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on all terms for the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The granting of special rights entitling to shares may be directed i.e. deviate from the pre-emptive subscription right of shareholders  provided that there is a weighty financial reason.The proposed authorization does not invalidate any earlier authorizations entitling the Board of Directors to decide on issues of special rights entitling to shares.The authorization is valid until the close of next annual general meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024.17CLOSING OF THE MEETINGB Documents of the General Meeting of ShareholdersThe proposals of the Board of Directors and of the Shareholders' Nomination Committee on the agenda of the General Meeting of Shareholders and this notice are available onHerantis Pharma Plc's website at https://herantis.com/investors/general-meetings/. The 2022 financial statements  report of the Board of Directors  and the Auditor's report are also available on the abovementioned website. A copy of the annual report will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the abovementioned website as from 4May 2023 at the latest.C Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting of Shareholders1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder being registered on 6 April 2023 in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the General Meetingof Shareholders. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting of Shareholders  must register for the meeting no later than 13 April 2023 at 10.00 am (Eastern European Summer Time) by giving a prior notice of participation. Such notice can be given:(a)by email to agm@herantis.com; or(b)by regular mail to Herantis Pharma Plc  ""Annual General Meeting""  Bertel Jungin aukio 1  FI-02600  Espoo.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative. The personal data given to Herantis Pharma Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting of Shareholders and with the processing of related registrations.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on 6 April 2023 be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 17 April 2023 by 10 am (Eastern European Summer Time). As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting of Shareholders from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares to participate in the General Meeting into the temporary shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting of Shareholders and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting of Shareholders.When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting of Shareholders by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting of Shareholders.Proxy documents should be delivered by mail to Herantis Pharma Plc  ""Annual General Meeting""  Bertel Jungin aukio 1  FI-02600  Espoo or by email to agm@herantis.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.25,0.48,True,English,"['Herantis Pharma Oyj', 'Herantis Pharma Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Shareholders', 'Holiday Inn Helsinki City Centre', 'Herantis Pharma Plc Company release', 'Eastern European Summer Time', 'APA Panu Vänskä', 'next Annual General Meeting', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Committee"", 'Mats Thorén', 'authorized public accountants', 'pre-emptive subscription right', 'fixed annual fee', 'Truman meeting rooms', 'weighty financial reason', 'reasonable travel expenses', 'ANNUAL ACCOUNTS', 'Audit Committee', 'meeting venue', 'Remuneration Committee', 'financial situation', '1st floor', 'conference area', 'section C', 'following matters', 'going concern', 'Timo Veromaa', 'Frans Wuite', 'Aki Prihti', 'Hilde Furberg', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', '30 per cent', 'other terms', 'share issue', 'earlier authorizations', 'special rights', 'FINANCIAL YEAR', 'reasonable remuneration', 'COMPANY PRESENTATION', 'A Matters', 'RELATED MEASURES', 'ISSUING SHARES', 'new shares', 'treasury shares', 'current members', 'responsible auditor', '00100 Helsinki', 'loss account', 'The Board', 'Board members', 'YEAR 2022', '9.30 a', 'issues', '5,074,000 shares', 'Notice', '28 March', '20 April', 'Feeliks', 'Elielinaukio', 'Reception', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'OPENING', 'ORDER', 'ELECTION', 'PERSON', 'MINUTES', 'LEGALITY', 'ATTENDANCE', 'ADOPTION', 'LIST', 'REPORT', 'DIRECTORS', 'CEO', 'REDUCTION', 'EQUITY', 'CONSIDERATION', 'PROFIT', '31 December', 'RESOLUTION', 'DISCHARGE', 'LIABILITY', 'REIMBURSEMENT', 'Chairman', 'duties', 'number', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'firm', 'consent', 'issuance', 'maximum', 'one', 'tranches', 'conditions', 'close', '30 June', '1:45', '10.00']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21509,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-concordia-maritime-ab-publ-301783006.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Concordia Maritime AB (publ),GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Concordia Maritime AB (publ)  556068-5819  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  4 May 2023 at 1.00 p.m. CEST at Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Gothenburg. Reg…,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Concordia Maritime AB (publ)  556068-5819  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  4 May 2023 at 1.00 p.m. CEST at Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Gothenburg. Registration for the Annual General Meeting begins at 12.15 p.m. CEST.The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Concordia Maritime's Articles of Association.Right to participate and registrationAttending the meeting venueA) A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  25 April 2023   andin the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday    and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Thursday  27 April 2023. Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Computershare AB ""Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag's Annual General Meeting""  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden   by email proxy@computershare.se  by telephone +46 771-24 64 00 or on the company's website www.concordiamaritime.com (only for natural persons). The notification must state name  social security- or company registration number  address  telephone number and the number of possible assistants (maximum two).If shareholders are represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached. Form of proxy is available at the company's head office and on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Participation by postal votingB) A person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  25 April 2023   andin the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday    and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Thursday  27 April 2023  by having submitted a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Computershare AB no later than that day.A shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on Concordia Maritime's website  www.concordiamaritime.com. The completed and signed form must be received by Computershare AB no later than Thursday  27 April 2023. The completed and signed form shall be sent to Computershare AB ""Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag's Annual General Meeting""  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. The completed form may alternatively be submitted by email and is then to be sent to proxy@computershare.se (state ""Concordia Maritime - postal voting"" in the subject line). Shareholders can also choose to cast their postal vote electronically through verification with BankID. A link to electronic postal voting can be found on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Thursday  27 April 2023.The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form. Form of proxy is available at the company's head office and on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shareholders who have registered their shares in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  request that their shares be registered in their own name so that the shareholder is entered into the share register on Tuesday  25 April 2023. This registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested with the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in advance as determined by the nominee. Voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday  27 April 2023  are considered when preparing the share register.Items and proposed agendaOpening of the meeting. Election of Chairman of the meeting. Election of person to verify the minutes. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Consideration if the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the Board of Directors and statement by the Chairman of the Board. Presentation by the CEO. Presentation ofa) the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts;b) the audit report and the audit report for the group;c) the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management. Resolutions regardinga) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b) the allocation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet;c) the discharge from liability towards the company in respect of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Resolution regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditors. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board. Election of auditor. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the executive management. Closing of the meeting.Election of a Chairman for the meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that the attorney Aleksander Ivarsson is elected as Chairman of the meeting.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 4)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Computershare AB on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Proposal of profit allocation (item 10b)The Board of Directors does not propose any distribution of dividend.Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors and deputy auditors (item 11)The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of Board members elected by the shareholders shall be four and that no deputies should be appointed. The number of auditors is proposed to be one.Resolution regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditors (item 12)The Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the Board members is to be paid with SEK 400 000 (400 000) to the Chairman and SEK 300 000 (225 000) to each of the other Board members elected by the shareholders.The remuneration to the auditors shall be paid according to invoice approved by the company.Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board (item 13)The Nomination Committee proposes that Stefan Brocker  Henrik Hallin  Mats Jansson and Ulrika Laurin shall be re-elected as Board members. Stefan Brocker is proposed to be elected as Chairman of the Board. Carl-Johan Hagman has declined re-election to the Board of Directors.Election of auditor (item 14)In accordance with the Board of Director's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as auditor of the company for a period of one year until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has notified that the authorised public accountant Fredrik Göransson will be principally responsible auditor  if Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is elected as auditor by the Annual General Meeting.Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the executive management (item 16)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt guidelines for remuneration to the executive management in accordance with below.Scope of the guidelines  etc.Members of the executive management of Concordia Maritime fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.Remuneration under employments subject to other rules than Swedish may be duly adjusted to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe company's vision is to always be the preferred carrier and business partner within tanker transportation  and in order to achieve the purpose  the company has a business strategy that  in short  is to provide safe  sustainable and reliable tanker transportation based on innovation and performance for its customer  and to make timely investments in vessels and gain financially from fluctuations in their values. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers attractive and competitive remuneration. The absolute level depends on the scope and complexity of the position in question and on the individual employee's annual performance. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management an attractive and competitive total remuneration.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to annually predetermined and measurable criteria  e.g. commercial  operational and financial criteria  that shall be determined by the Board of Directors. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development. Currently  these criteria include  inter alia  avoidance of work-related personal injuries (LTIF)  number of vetting observations at vessel inspections  and fleet utilization. Applicable criteria and the relative size of the criteria is determined individually.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The Board of Directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to other executives  the CEO is responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on established financial data for the relevant period. Should the group's profit before tax be negative for the relevant period  the payment of variable cash remuneration be limited to 50 per cent of the actual result.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 35 per cent of the annual cash remuneration. For other executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits only to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  e.g.  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 15 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Termination of employmentThe notice period may not exceed two years for the CEO and one year for other executives  if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the CEO's fixed cash salary for two years  and one year for other executives. When termination is made by the executive  the period of notice may not exceed twelve months for the CEO and six months for other executives  without any right to severance pay.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The development of the gap between the remuneration to executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has not established a remuneration committee  since the Board of Directors found it more appropriate for the entire Board to fulfil the duties of a remuneration committee. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Board of Directors shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. The Board of Directors resolves on any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelines and how the shareholders' opinions are consideredThe current guidelines for remuneration to the executive management were adopted at the annual general meeting 2020. These guidelines are substantially the same as the guidelines adopted by the annual general meeting 2020. However  the notice period for other executives  if notice of termination of employment is made by the company  has been amended from a maximum of six months to a maximum of one year. In addition  the maximum fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay for other executives has been amended  to may not together exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed cash salary for one year  instead of as earlier stated six months.No comments or questions on the guidelines for remuneration to the executive management have emerged in connection with the general meeting proceeding.Available documentationThe Annual Report in Swedish  the audit report  the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management  the Board of Directors' remuneration report  and the Board of Directors' proposal on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management will be presented at the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's headquarters and the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com  no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. The above documents will also be sent to shareholders upon request  provided that such shareholder states a postal address.Information about the proposed Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement is available on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 47 729 798 shares  whereof 4 000 000 Series A shares and 43 729 798 Series B shares  representing a total of 83 729 798 votes. The company does not hold any of its own shares.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board considers that it will not cause significant damage to the company  provide information on circumstances that could affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  circumstances that could affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's economic situation and the company's relations with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in March  2023Concordia Maritime AB (publ)Board of DirectorsThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1948/3741132/1945842.pdf 2023-03-28 Concordia Maritime - Notice to the Annual General Meeting 2023SOURCE Concordia Maritime",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.04,0.5,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Concordia Maritime AB', 'Notice', 'Elite Park Avenue Hotel', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'Such electronic votes', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Concordia Maritime AB', 'electronic postal voting', 'voting right registration', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'meeting venue', 'Computershare AB', 'voting rights', 'share register', 'natural persons', 'possible assistants', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'head office', 'subject line', 'right registrations', 'registration certificate', 'postal vote', 'special form', 'completed form', 'telephone number', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'state name', 'GOTHENBURG', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'May', 'CEST', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Articles', 'Association', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', '25 April', 'notice', 'participation', 'Notification', 'SE-102', 'Stockholm', 'email', 'website', 'address', 'attorney', 'verification', 'BankID', 'link', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'written', 'order', 'addition', 'procedures', 'advance', 'Items', 'agenda', 'Opening', '1.00', '12.15']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,prnewswire.co.uk
21510,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KOJAMO-OYJ-44279947/news/Kojamo-Oyj-Translation-of-the-signed-General-Meeting-minutes-43356067/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Kojamo Oyj : Translation of the signed General Meeting minutes,(marketscreener.com)       MINUTES     KOJAMO PLC       No. 1/2023     ANNUAL...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KOJAMO-OYJ-44279947/news/Kojamo-Oyj-Translation-of-the-signed-General-Meeting-minutes-43356067/?utm_medium=RSS&ut…,MINUTES KOJAMO PLC No. 1/2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING UNOFFICIAL TRANSLATION Annual General Meeting of Kojamo plcTime:16 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Place:Pikku-Finlandia  Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki  FinlandPresent:The shareholders set out in the list of votes adopted at the Annual General Meeting (Appendix 1) were present  in person or by way of representation.Present at the Annual General Meeting were also the current Board members  excluding Matti Harjuniemi and Reima Rytsölä  the new Board candidates  CEO of the company  the auditor with principal responsibility as well as the new auditor with principal responsibility of the audit firm proposed for election at the Annual General Meeting  representatives of the company's senior management as well as technical personnel.1 §OPENING OF THE MEETINGThe Chairman of the Board of Directors  Mikael Aro  opened the Annual General Meeting.2 §CALLING THE MEETING TO ORDERAntti Ihamuotila  Attorney-at-Law  was elected as the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting and he called Markus Kouhi  General Counsel  to act as secretary.The Chairman explained the procedures for considering the items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting.It was noted that the Annual General Meeting was conducted mainly in Finnish.It was possible for shareholders to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast. It was not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  ask for permission to speak  or vote via the webcast. Also  following the Annual General Meeting via the webcast was not considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting or as exercise of shareholders' rights under the Finnish Companies Act.It was noted that the financial statements  the notice to the Annual General Meeting including the full proposals of the Board of Directors and the Shareholders' Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting  the Remuneration Report for governing bodies as well as other documents and information required by the Finnish Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act had been available to shareholders on the company's website for the period required by the Finnish Companies Act prior to the Annual General Meeting. These documents were also available for review at the meeting venue.It was noted that voting instructions by certain nominee-registered shareholders had been delivered to the company in advance. The custodian bank representing such shareholders had notified that its principals had either supported or opposed certainproposals to be considered at the Annual General Meeting or abstained from voting without making counterproposals. According to the information available  the nominee-registered shareholders who had given voting instructions did not require a vote on those agenda items where the voting instruction was to oppose a proposal or abstain from voting  but an appropriate entry in the minutes was suffice.It was noted that it had been possible to vote in advance on certain agenda items of the Annual General Meeting. In addition  certain custodian banks representing nominee-registered shareholders had also participated in the advance voting on behalf of the shareholders they represented. A proposal subject to advance voting was considered to have been presented without amendments at the Annual General Meeting.A summary by Innovatics Ltd of the votes cast in the advance voting and the voting instructions provided to the company had been delivered to the Chairman and was appended to the minutes (Appendix 2).It was noted that approximately 82.5 per cent of the shares registered for the Annual General Meeting had voted in advance or through voting instructions provided to the company.The Chairman noted based on the advance votes and voting instructions that if an agenda item is not subject to a full counting of votes  the number of opposing or abstaining votes would be recorded in the minutes under the agenda item in question. The Chairman further noted that to the extent the summary list contained opposing votes without a counterproposal in agenda items where the proposal cannot be opposed without a counterproposal  such votes would not be formally considered as votes against the proposal and would not be recorded in the minutes.3 §ELECTION OF THE PERSONS TO SCRUTINIZE THE MINUTES AND TO VERIFY THE COUNTING OF VOTESMinna Jokinen and Otto Järvinen were elected to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes.4 §RECORDING THE LEGALITY OF THE MEETINGIt was noted that the notice to the Annual General Meeting had been published on the company's website and through a stock exchange release on 15 February 2023. According to the notice to the Annual General Meeting  the registration and possible advance voting had to be completed by 4:00 p.m. on 8 March 2023 at the latest.It was recorded that the documents required by the Finnish Companies Act to be kept available for review had been available on the company's website for at least 3 weeks before the Annual General Meeting.It was noted that the Annual General Meeting had been convened in accordance with the Articles of Association and in compliance with the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act  and that the Annual General Meeting therefore was legally convened and constituted a quorum.The notice to the Annual General Meeting including the full proposals of the Board of Directors and the Shareholders' Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting were appended to the minutes (Appendix 3).5 §RECORDING THE ATTENDANCE AT THE MEETING AND ADOPTION OF THE VOTING LISTA list of shareholders represented at the Annual General Meeting as at the opening of the Meeting and a list of votes (Appendix 1) were presented. It was recorded that at the opening of the Annual General Meeting 595 shareholders were represented either through advance voting  in person or through a statutory representative or a proxy representative. At the opening of the Annual General Meeting  a total of 115 467 420 shares and votes were represented at the Meeting.It was noted that the list of votes would be confirmed to correspond to the attendance at the beginning of a possible vote.6 §PRESENTATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  THE REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDITOR'S REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2022The company's CEO  Jani Nieminen  held the CEO's review and presented the financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors for the financial year 1 January 2022 - 31 December 2022.It was recorded that the financial statements had been available to shareholders on the company's website for the period required by the Finnish Companies Act prior to the Annual General Meeting. The financial statements were also available at the meeting venue.The financial statements were appended to the minutes (Appendix 4).It was recorded that the auditor's report had been available on the company's website for the period required by the Finnish Companies Act prior to the Annual General Meeting.The company's auditor with principal responsibility  Esa Kailiala  APA  presented the auditor's report.The auditor's report was appended to the minutes (Appendix 5).7 §ADOPTION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSThe Annual General Meeting adopted the financial statements  which also include the consolidated financial statements  for the financial year 1 January 2022 - 31 December 2022.It was recorded that shareholders represented on the agenda item who had voted in advance and provided voting instructions  holding a total of 82 524 shares and votes  had opposed the proposal and shareholders holding a total of 77 544 shares and votes had abstained from voting.8 §RESOLUTION ON THE USE OF THE PROFIT SHOWN ON THE BALANCE SHEET AND THE PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDIt was noted that the parent company's distributable equity as at 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 251 059 319.00  of which the profit for the financial year was EUR 37 110 542.36.It was noted that the Board of Directors had proposed to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.39 per share be paid from the distributable profits of Kojamo plc based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial year 2022. The Board of Directors had proposed that dividend shall be paid to shareholders  who on the record date of the dividend payment 20 March 2023  are recorded in the company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors had proposed that dividend will be paid on 5 April 2023.It was noted that the proposal was set out in full in the notice to the Annual General Meeting appended to the minutes (Appendix 3).It was noted that the dividend proposed by the Board of Directors exceeds the minority dividend referred to in the Finnish Companies Act.The Annual General Meeting resolved that dividend shall be paid from the distributable funds of Kojamo plc in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors.It was recorded that shareholders represented on the agenda item who had voted in advance and provided voting instructions  holding a total of 3 097 shares and votes  had opposed the proposal and shareholders holding a total of 1 690 shares and votes had abstained from voting.9 §RESOLUTION ON THE DISCHARGE OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE CEO FROM LIABILITYIt was recorded that the discharge from liability concerned all persons who had acted as members of the Board of Directors or as CEO during the financial year 1 January 2022 - 31 December 2022.The Annual General Meeting resolved to discharge from liability the persons who had acted as members of the Board of Directors or as CEO during the financial year 1 January 2022 - 31 December 2022.It was recorded that shareholders represented on the agenda item who had voted in advance and provided voting instructions  holding a total of 336 708 shares andvotes  had opposed the proposal and shareholders holding a total of 86 909 shares and votes had abstained from voting.10 §HANDLING OF THE REMUNERATION REPORT FOR GOVERNING BODIESIt was noted that the Board of Directors had proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting approve the Remuneration Report for governing bodies.It was noted that the resolution by the Annual General Meeting on approval of the Remuneration Report is advisory.The Chairman of the Board of Directors  Mikael Aro  presented the Remuneration Report for governing bodies.It was noted that the Remuneration Report had been available on the company's website as required by the Finnish Companies Act. The Remuneration Report was also available for review at the meeting venue.The Remuneration Report was appended to the minutes (Appendix 6).The Annual General Meeting resolved to approve the presented Remuneration Report.It was recorded that shareholders represented on the agenda item who had voted in advance and provided voting instructions  holding a total of 4 739 156 shares and votes  had opposed the proposal and shareholders holding a total of 3 251 686 shares and votes had abstained from voting.11 §RESOLUTION ON THE REMUNERATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSThe Chairman of the Shareholders' Nomination Board  Arve Regland  presented the proposals of the Nomination Board concerning the remuneration  number and composition of the Board of Directors.It was noted that the proposal of the Nomination Board was set out in full in the notice to the Annual General Meeting appended to the minutes (Appendix 3).The Annual General Meeting resolved in accordance with the proposal of the Nomination Board that the members of the Board of Directors to be elected in the Annual General Meeting will be paid the following annual fees for the term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024:,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['General Meeting minutes', 'Kojamo Oyj', 'Translation', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING UNOFFICIAL TRANSLATION Annual General Meeting', 'Kojamo plc Time', 'Reima Rytsölä', 'Securities Markets Act', 'Otto Järvinen', 'stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'current Board members', 'new Board candidates', 'MINUTES KOJAMO PLC', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'possible advance voting', 'meeting venue', 'Matti Harjuniemi', 'principal responsibility', 'new auditor', 'audit firm', 'senior management', 'technical personnel', 'Mikael Aro', 'Antti Ihamuotila', 'Markus Kouhi', 'financial statements', 'Remuneration Report', 'governing bodies', 'custodian bank', 'appropriate entry', 'Innovatics Ltd', '82.5 per cent', 'Minna Jokinen', 'voting instructions', 'agenda item', ""shareholders' rights"", 'nominee-registered shareholders', 'full proposals', 'full counting', 'other documents', 'abstaining votes', 'advance votes', 'summary list', 'opposing votes', 'items', 'March', '10:00 a', 'Place', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'Present', 'Appendix', 'way', 'CEO', 'company', 'election', 'OPENING', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'ORDER', 'Attorney', 'Law', 'Counsel', 'secretary', 'procedures', 'webcast', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'permission', 'participation', 'exercise', 'notice', 'information', 'website', 'period', 'review', 'principals', 'addition', 'behalf', 'amendments', 'shares', 'number', 'extent', 'PERSONS', 'LEGALITY', '15 February', 'registration', '3 weeks', '4:00']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21511,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-kamux-corporation-301782999.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kamux Corporation,"HÄMEENLINNA  Finland  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Kamux Corporation (""Kamux"" or the ""company"") to the Annual General Meeting held on Thursday  April 20  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST). The Annual General Meeting will be he…","HÄMEENLINNA  Finland  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Kamux Corporation (""Kamux"" or the ""company"") to the Annual General Meeting held on Thursday  April 20  2023  at 2:00 p.m. (EEST). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Scandic Marina Congress Centers's Fennia 1 meeting venue  2nd floor  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of registrations and the distribution of ballot papers will begin at 1:00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders of Kamux can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters are to be dealt with at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  including the consolidated accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the financial year January 1  2022 – December 31  2022CEO's reviewThe annual accounts  consolidated accounts  annual report  and auditor's report will be available on the company's website at the latest on March 30  2023 .7. Adoption of annual accounts and consolidated accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe distributable funds on the balance sheet of the company as of December 31  2022  were EUR 109 418 100.43 which the profit for the financial year 2022 was EUR 12 870 706.13. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.15 per share be paid from the Company's distributable profit for the financial year 2022 and other distributable funds remain in the shareholders' equity (for the year 2021 a dividend of EUR 0.20 per share was distributed). The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend for the financial year 2022 is paid in two payment installments. The first payment installment of the dividend  EUR 0.05 per share  will be paid to the shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the first payment installment record date  which is April 24  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the first payment installment of the dividend will be paid on May 2  2023. The second payment installment of the dividend will be paid to the shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the second payment installment record date  which is October 24  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the second payment installment of the dividend will be paid on October 31  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized  if necessary  to decide on a new record date and payment date for the second payment installment of the dividend  if the regulations or rules of the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise require it.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year January 1  2022 – December 31  202210. Advisory resolution on the approval of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to approve Kamux's remuneration report for governing bodies from financial year 2022. According to the Finnish Companies Act  the resolution is advisory. The remuneration report for governing bodies will be available on the company's website at the latest on March 30  2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration for the Chairperson and members of the Board of Directors be modestly raised from the 2022 level  and the committee fees to remain on the 2022 level. Accordingly  the proposed remuneration is as follows:Chairperson of the Board of Directors EUR 68 000 (before EUR 65 000 )(before ) Member of the Board of Directors EUR 31 000 (before EUR 30 000 )(before ) Chairperson of the Audit Committee EUR 5 000Member of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500Chairperson of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee EUR 5 000Member of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee EUR 2 500The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that 40 per cent of the annual fee of the Chairperson and the members of the Board of Directors be paid in Kamux's shares either purchased at a prevailing market price from the market or alternatively by using own shares held by the company. The transfer of own shares or acquisition of shares directly for the members of the Board of Directors will be executed within two weeks from the publication of the interim review for the period January 1  2023 – March 31  2023. The rest of the annual fee would be paid in cash  which is used to cover taxes arising from the fees. The company shall pay the transaction costs and transfer taxes related to the purchase or transfer of the shares.The fees of the committee would be paid in cash. If the Board of Directors decides to establish new committees  the annual fees of the Chairperson and the members of the new committee are equal to the annual fees of the Chairperson and the members of the other committees.Travel expenses would be reimbursed in accordance with the company's travel policy.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members  the Chairperson  and the Vice Chairperson of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors  Mr. Terho Kalliokoski  Ms. Reija Laaksonen  Mr. Antti Mäkelä  Mr. Harri Sivula and Ms. Jaana Viertola-Truini be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and the Company's ceding CEO  Mr. Juha Kalliokoski  be elected as new member of the Board of Directors for a term of office beginning at the end of the Annual General Meeting on April 20  2023  and ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting following the election.Additionally  the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Terho Kalliokoski be elected as the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and Harri Sivula be elected as Vice Chairperson of the Board of Directors.All nominees above have given their consent to the position. According to the evaluation made by the nominees themselves and by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  Juha Kalliokoski is dependent of both the Company and its significant shareholders whilst the others are independent of the Company and of its significant shareholders.Mr. Tuomo Vähäpassi  current member of the Board of Directors  has stated that he is no longer available to be re-elected for a new term. Mr. Tapio Pajuharju  current member of the Board of Directors  has been appointed as the Company's new CEO as of June 1  2023  at the latest. For this reason  Mr. Pajuharju is not available as a board member for the term starting from the AGM 2023. Because the change of CEO will take place at a date to be specified later  according to the proposal  Juha Kalliokoski will serve both as CEO and as member of the Board of Directors for a limited period during the spring 2023. This will be a temporary deviation from the recommendation of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code.The above-mentioned shareholders propose that in the Annual General Meeting the shareholders take a stand on the proposal for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as a whole. The proposing body has assessed the proposed composition of the Board of Directors as to its overall structure as well as to its individual candidates based on the requirements set forth in the Board's Diversity Policy and in the Corporate Governance Code. The proposing body believes that  in addition to the complementary excellence and experience of the individual Board candidates  the proposed Board as a whole  meets the requirements of both the Corporate Governance Code and the Board Diversity Policy.The relevant information on all the proposed nominees to the Board of Directors is presented on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid according to their reasonable invoice as approved by the Board of Directors.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the company's auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Authorized Public Accountant Markku Launis will act as the principal auditor. The auditor's term of office will end at the end of the next Annual General Meeting following the election.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Articles of Association be amended by adding a new section no. 12  that shall read in its entirety as follows:""12. Place and organization of the General Meeting of Shareholders as a remote meetingThe General Meeting may be held in Helsinki or Hämeenlinna  at the discretion of the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors may decide that a shareholder may also participate in a general meeting by fully exercising their right to vote during the meeting by means of a telecommunication connection and a technical aid (hybrid meeting).The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting shall be held without a meeting place in such a way that shareholders exercise their voting rights fully and in a timely manner during the meeting by means of a telecommunication and a technical aid (remote meeting). A shareholder attending a remote meeting may exercise all their rights at the remote meeting in the same way as if they were attending the meeting in person.""In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that due to the above-mentioned amendment the clause ""The General Meeting must be held in Helsinki or Hämeenlinna."" is removed from the section no. 10 of the Articles of Association.The proposal for the new Articles of Association can be viewed in its entirety on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the share issueThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the issuance of shares in one or more tranches as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization shall not exceed 4 000 000 (four million)  which currently corresponds to approximately 10 (ten) per cent of all the shares in the Company.The Board of Directors decides on the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares either against payment or without consideration. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from shareholders' pre-emptive right (directed issue) for a weighty financial reason for the company  such as using the shares to develop the company's capital structure  to finance possible acquisitions  capital expenditure or other arrangements within the scope of the company's business operations  or to implement the company's commitment and incentive scheme.The authorization cancels the authorization given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of April 20  2022  and is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 2 000 000 (two million) company's own shares using the unrestricted equity of the company representing about 5 (five) per cent of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept company's own shares as a pledge.The shares shall be acquired through public trading  for which reason the shares are acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders and the consideration paid for the shares shall be the market price of the company's share in public trading at Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the time of the acquisition. Shares may also be acquired outside public trading for a price which at most corresponds to the market price in public trading at the time of the acquisition. The Board of Directors will be authorized to resolve upon how the shares are acquired.The authorization includes the Board's right to resolve on a directed repurchase or the acceptance of the shares as a pledge  if there is a compelling financial reason for the company to do so as provided for in Chapter 15  Section 6 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The shares shall be acquired to be used for execution of the company's share-based incentive schemes or for other purposes determined by the Board of Directors.The decision to repurchase company's own shares or to accept them as pledge shall not be made so that the shares of the company in the possession of or held as pledges by the company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10 (ten) per cent of all shares.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other matters related to the repurchase of the company's own shares and/or accepting them as a pledge.The authorization cancels the authorization given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of April 20  2022  and is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until June 30  2024.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice  which contains all the proposals for resolutions on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  is available on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.Kamux's annual report  including the annual accounts  consolidated accounts  the annual report  the auditor's report  the corporate governance statement  and the remuneration report will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on March 30  2023.The documents will also be available for inspection at the Annual General Meeting  and copies of them and of this notice will be sent to shareholders on request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available for inspection on the above-mentioned website by Thursday May 4  2023  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on Thursday  April 6  2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder's personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on March 28  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by Tuesday  April 11  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the notice of participation must be received.Registration for the Annual General Meeting can be done in the following ways:electronically through the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023Registration requires strong electronic authentication of a shareholder who is a natural person. When a shareholder who is a natural person logs into the service through the company's website  they will be redirected to the electronic authentication. Then  in one session  the shareholder can register for the Annual General Meeting  appoint a proxy and vote in advance. Strong electronic authentication can be made with Finnish bank ID or mobile certificate.Shareholders who are legal persons need the shareholder's book-entry account number and the entity / identification ID in addition to other required information to register electronically.For shareholders who are legal persons  electronic registration does not require strong electronic authentication. However  if the shareholder who is a legal person uses the Suomi.fi electronic authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using Finnish bank ID or a mobile certificate.By e-mail to [email protected]By regular mail to address Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Kamux Corporation  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  FinlandBy phone +358 40 185 8633  from March 28  2023   from Monday to Thursday at 9 - 10 a.m. and 4 - 5.p.m. (EEST)In connection with the registration the requested information shall be provided  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  phone number and email address as well as the name of potential representative or proxy and the date of birth or personal identification number of the representative or proxy. The personal information given to the company or to Euroclear Finland Ltd by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registration. The shareholder or their representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue  if necessary.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  on Tuesday  April 6  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by April 17  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholdings after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to attend the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the company's temporary shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank without delay.The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders' register of the company within the above-mentioned registration period  at the latest by April 17  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) and  if necessary  take care of the voting in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.More information will be provided on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder is entitled to participate and make use of their rights as a shareholder at the Annual General Meeting by proxy. A shareholder's proxy representative may also  if they wish so  vote in advance by regular mail or e-mail as set out in this notice. Proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Templates for proxy form and voting instruction are available on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. The original proxy form must be prepared to be presented at the Annual General Meeting at the latest.If the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting through several proxy representatives  who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be indicated during registration.A proxy representative must deliver a proxy document given to them by e-mail to [email protected] or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Kamux Corporation  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period on April 11  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the documents or corresponding information must be received. In addition to delivering the proxy authorization documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall see to registration for the Annual General in the manner set out in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy document. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". When registering  the assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with a Finnish bank ID or a mobile certificate.The above-mentioned websites also provide information on registering for the Annual General Meeting and voting in advance for a minor  other impaired or foreign shareholder who has a Finnish book-entry account.More information on https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations and https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain agenda items of the Annual General Meeting during the period from March 28  2023  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) until April 11  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (EEST) in the following ways:Shareholders who are natural persons log in to the service with strong electronic authentication  using Finnish bank ID or a mobile certificate. Strong electronic authentication for registration and advance voting requires the use of Finnish bank ID or mobile certificates and the shareholder must provide the requested personal information.The shareholder is connected to the electronic general meeting service via a secure internet connection. The communication link used is encrypted using SSL technology  which is commonly used by online banks  among others.Stong electronic authentication is not required from shareholders that are legal persons. Shareholders who are legal persons need the shareholder's book-entry account number in addition to the business/individual IDs to log in. The number of the book-entry account can be found  among other things  on the account statement of the book-entry account. If the shareholders who are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person by using a Finnish bank ID or Finnish mobile certificate.by regular mail or e-mailA shareholder may send the advance voting form available on the company's website to Euroclear Finland Ltd by e-mail to [email protected] or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Kamux Corporation  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland .The voting instructions will also be available on the company's website at https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by regular mail or e-mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message contains the information required for registration on the advance voting form.In connection with the advance voting  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information. The personal information given to Kamux or Euroclear Finland Ltd by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise their right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Companies Act unless they attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy representative at the meeting venue. A shareholder may take a position on the items they wish to vote on and change their advance votes during the advance voting period and may also browse through the advance votes they have cast even after the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may also print out a confirmation of the votes they have given in advance.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the Annual General Meeting.The terms and conditions as well as other instructions related to the electronic advance voting are also available on the company's website https://www.kamux.com/en/corporate-governance/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2023. The above-mentioned websites also provide information on how to register for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting for a minor  other impaired or foreign shareholder who has a Finnish book-entry account.5. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish and there is no simultaneous interpretation at the meeting.A shareholder has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to attend the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  March 28  2023  the total number of shares and votes in Kamux is 40 017 420 shares and votes. As of the date of this notice  the company holds a total of 6 098 own shares  which are not entitled to vote at the Annual General Meeting.Hämeenlinna  March 28  2023 Kamux CorporationThe Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Katariina Hietaranta  Head of Communications & IR  tel. +358 50 557 6765Kamux is a retail chain specializing in the sale of used cars and related integrated services that has grown rapidly. Kamux combines online shopping with an extensive showroom network to provide its customers with a great service experience anytime  anywhere. In addition to digital channels  the company has a total of 77 car showrooms in Finland  Sweden and Germany. Since its founding  the company has sold over 450 000 used cars  62 922 of which were sold in 2022. Kamux's revenue in 2022 was EUR 968.7 million and its average number of employees was 883 in terms of full-time equivalent employees. Kamux Corporation is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. For more information  please visit www.kamux.comSOURCE Kamux",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.58,0.41,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Kamux Corporation', 'Notice', 'first payment installment record date', 'second payment installment record date', 'Scandic Marina Congress Centers', 'new record date', 'The Annual General Meeting', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'two payment installments', 'Fennia 1 meeting venue', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'prevailing market price', 'other distributable funds', 'payment date', 'annual accounts', 'annual fee', 'two weeks', 'annual remuneration', 'annual report', 'The Board', 'HÄMEENLINNA', '2nd floor', 'ballot papers', 'voting rights', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'consolidated accounts', 'balance sheet', ""shareholders' equity"", ""shareholders' register"", 'governing bodies', 'Audit Committee', '40 per cent', 'financial year', 'Remuneration Committee', 'distributable profit', 'committee fees', 'interim review', 'remuneration report', 'Kamux Corporation', 'Advisory resolution', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'company', 'Thursday', 'April', 'EEST', 'Katajanokanlaituri', '00160 Helsinki', 'reception', 'registrations', 'distribution', 'advance', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'December', 'CEO', 'website', 'use', 'May', 'October', 'regulations', 'rules', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'approval', 'Chairperson', '2022 level', 'Personnel', 'shares', 'transfer', 'acquisition', 'publication', 'period', 'January', 'rest', 'cash', 'taxes', '2:00', '1:00']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,prnewswire.com
21512,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SMURFIT-KAPPA-GROUP-PLC-1412413/news/Smurfit-Kappa-Letter-and-Notice-2023-43358700/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Smurfit Kappa : Letter and Notice 2023,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document and what action you should take  you are recommended to consult your independent professional adviser  …,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document and what action you should take  you are recommended to consult your independent professional adviser  who  if you are taking advice in Ireland  is authorised or exempted under the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) or the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 and  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) of the United Kingdom or  if you are in a territory outside Ireland or the United Kingdom  from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser.If you sell or otherwise transfer or have sold or otherwise transferred all of your Smurfit Kappa Group plc shares  please forward this document and the accompanying Form of Proxy to the purchaser or transferee or the stockbroker  or other agent through whom the sale or transfer is/was effected for onward transmission to the purchaser or transferee. The release  publication or distribution of this document in or into jurisdictions other than Ireland and the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. If you sell or have sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of only part of your holding of Smurfit Kappa Group plc shares  you should retain these documents and consult the person through whom the sale  transfer or disposal was effected.NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGFRIDAY  28 APRIL 2023A letter from the Chair of Smurfit Kappa Group plc is set out on pages 2 to 4 of this document.Your attention is drawn to the Notice of the AGM to be held at 10:00 a.m. on Friday  28 April 2023 at the Herbert Park Hotel  Ballsbridge  Dublin 4  D04 R2T2  Ireland which is set out on pages 7 to 9 of this document.Detailed instructions on how to vote or appoint a proxy at this year's AGM are set out in the Notes to this Notice of AGM on pages 10 to 12.A Form of Proxy for certificated shareholders (i.e. those who hold their shares in paper form) in connection with the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM accompanies this document. If a certificated shareholder wishes to appoint a proxy  the Form of Proxy should be completed and returned in accordance with the instructions set out thereon to the Company's Registrars  Link Registrars Limited  P.O. Box 7117  Dublin 2  Ireland (if delivered by post) or Link Registrars Limited  Suite 149  The Capel Building  Mary's Abbey  Dublin 7  D07 DP79  Ireland (if delivered by hand) so as to be received no later than 10:00 a.m. on 26 April 2023 or 48 hours before the time appointed for the holding of any adjourned meeting.Alternatively  certificated shareholders may appoint a proxy electronically  to be received no later than 10:00 a.m. on 26 April 2023 or 48 hours before the time appointed for the holding of any adjourned meeting by visiting the website of the Company's Registrars atwww.signalshares.comand entering the Company name  Smurfit Kappa. Certificated shareholders will need to register for the share portal by clicking on ""Register"" (if you have not registered previously) and following the instructions thereon. To submit a proxy online  certificated shareholders will need their surname and Investor Code (IVC) both of which are printed on the enclosed Form of Proxy.Additionally  the Company's Registrar have launched a shareholder app: LinkVote+. This gives certificated shareholders the ability to access their shareholding record at any time and allows users to submit a proxy appointment quickly and easily online rather than through the post. The app is available to download on both the Apple App Store and Google Play  or by scanning the relevant QR code. Please see Note 3 on page 10 for details.Persons holding interests in Ordinary Shares through the Euroclear Bank system or CREST (via a holding in CREST Depositary Interests ('CDIs'))  will need to comply with the voting instructions and voting deadlines imposed by the respective service offerings. Such persons are recommended to consult with their stockbroker or other intermediary  as applicable  at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting third party proxy votes for the AGM through the respective systems.Smurﬁt Kappa GroupBeech Hill  Clonskeagh  Dublin 4  D04 N2R2  Ireland. Tel: +353 (0)1 202 7000  Fax: +353 (0)1 269 4481 corporateinfo@smurﬁtkappa.comsmurﬁtkappa.com28 March 2023Dear Shareholder The purpose of this letter is to convene this year's Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of Smurfit Kappa Group plc (the ""Company"") which will be held at the Herbert Park Hotel  Ballsbridge  Dublin 4  D04 R2T2  Ireland on Friday  28 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m.I enclose the Notice of AGM together with a Form of Proxy and a copy of the Company's 2022 Annual Report (the ""Annual Report""). The following briefly explains the business to be transacted at the AGM.Resolution 1 deals with reviewing the Company's affairs and considering the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 together with the reports of the directors and statutory auditor thereon.Resolution 2 deals with receiving and considering the Directors' Remuneration Report as set out on pages 117 to 136 of the Annual Report. This is an 'advisory' resolution and is not binding on the Company.Resolution 3 proposes the approval and payment of a final dividend on the Ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company (""Ordinary Shares"") in issue in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022. The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of EUR 107.6 cent per share to the holders of Ordinary Shares on the register of members at close of business on 14 April 2023 and to be paid on 12 May 2023.Resolution 4 proposes the election of Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh to the Board. Mary Lynn was appointed to the Board as an additional Director since the last AGM of the Company in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association (the ""Articles""). The Articles provide that a Director appointed by the Board since the Company's last AGM is required to retire at the next AGM and may then be considered for election.Having undergone a process of careful review and selection with the assistance of external advisors in the appointment of Mary Lynn  and based on Mary Lynn's effective performance since her appointment to the Board on 5 January 2023  the Board considers that Mary Lynn will make a valuable contribution to the role of independent Non-executive Director. The Board is satisfied that Mary Lynn is committed to her role and will devote sufficient time to it  including attendance at Board and Committee meetings.The biographical details of  and further relevant details relating to Mary Lynn are set out in the Appendix to this letter and on page 101 of the Annual Report.Resolution 5 proposes the re-election of Directors. As recommended by the UK Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"")  all of the Directors (apart from Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh  who is proposed for election under Resolution 4  and John Moloney and Gonzalo Restrepo  who as announced in December 2022  will not be seeking re-election and will retire from the Board at the conclusion of the AGM) will retire from office and seek re-election at the AGM.In accordance with the requirement to have an externally facilitated evaluation every three years under Provision 21 of the Code  an independent externally facilitated evaluation of the Board  its Committees and the individual Directors including myself was conducted by Ffion Hague of Independent Board Evaluation ('IBE') during 2022. As part of the feedback  I received a report on the performance of each individual Director and following a review of that feedback  I am confident that each Director being proposed for re-election continues to perform effectively and to make a valuable contribution to their role. I am satisfied that each Director has demonstrated commitment to their role and ensures they devote sufficient time to it  including by attendance at Board and Committee meetings. In relation to the Board's overall performance the feedback given to the evaluation team was very positive. The Board rates its own performance highly  noting the strength of the diversity on the Board and the broad range of skills and experience.Paper | Packaging | SolutionsSmurﬁt Kappa Group public limited company. Registered in Ireland No. 433527. Registered oﬃce: Beech Hill  Clonskeagh  Dublin 4  D04 N2R2. Directors: I Finan Chair  APJ Smurﬁt Chief Executive Oﬃcer  K Bowles Chief Financial Oﬃcer  GPF Beurskens (Netherlands)  JJ Moloney  G Restrepo (Colombia)  J Lawrence (USA)  JB Rasmussen (Denmark)  C Fairweather (UK)  A Anderson  MdeL Melgar (Mexico)  K Hietala Senior Independent Director (Finland) ML Ferguson-McHugh (USA).Secretary: G Carson-Callan.This together with a strong culture of integrity and well-integrated board governance process  results in a professional  candid  engaged and highly functioning Board. As a result  I believe that each Director has  and will continue  to contribute significantly to the Company's long-term sustainable success.With regard to my re-election  during 2021  the Board  led by the then Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Nomination Committee  Gonzalo Restrepo  completed a detailed review to consider my tenure as Chair. Following careful consideration  the Board concluded that it was in the best interests of the Group and of all stakeholders to extend my tenure and that I be re-elected  which was strongly supported by the Company's shareholders with over 93% of votes cast in favour of my re-election at the AGM in 2022. During 2022  following consideration of the Code  the comprehensive review completed during 2021 and the externally facilitated evaluation  the Board has concluded that it remains in the best interests of the Group and of all stakeholders that my tenure continues in line with the prior year recommendation and that I too be re-elected at the forthcoming AGM. Please see page 111 of the Annual Report for further details.The re-election of each Director will be considered separately. The biographical details of  and further relevant details relating to  each of the Directors seeking re-election are set out in the Appendix to this letter.Resolution 6 relates to the authority of the Directors to determine the remuneration of the statutory auditor. The Audit Committee participates in the negotiation of the audit fee arrangements to ensure that there is appropriate balance between the scope of work and the cost of assurance. Details of the audit fees are set out in Note 5 on page 179 of the Annual Report.Resolution 7 seeks to renew the Directors' authority to allot and issue shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal value of €86 716 representing 33.33% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) on 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter). No treasury shares are held by the Company. The Directors have no current intention of exercising this authority outside the ordinary course of business. The Directors will exercise this authority only if they consider it to be in the best interests of Shareholders generally at the relevant time. The authority will remain in place until the earlier of the 2024 AGM or 27 July 2024  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied.Resolution 8 seeks to renew the disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights. This Resolution grants the Directors the authority to allot shares for cash without being required first to offer such shares to existing Shareholders pro-rata. The authority will remain in place until the earlier of the 2024 AGM or 27 July 2024  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied. The authority is limited to issuances up to an aggregate nominal value of €13 007  which represents 5% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company on 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter).Resolution 9 seeks to grant the Directors an additional authority to allot shares on a non-pre-emptive basis. This Resolution grants the Directors the authority to allot additional shares for cash up to a further 5% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company on 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter) without being required first to offer such shares to existing Shareholders pro-rata but only in connection with an acquisition or a specified capital investment which is announced contemporaneously with the issue  or which has taken place in the preceding six month period and is disclosed in the announcement of the issue. The authority under this Resolution is limited to issuances up to a nominal value of €13 007  which represents 5% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company on 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter). The authority will remain in place until the earlier of the 2024 AGM or 27 July 2024  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied.The Company does not currently hold any treasury shares. However  if any treasury shares were to be reissued by the Company under the authority which is proposed in Resolution 10  such treasury shares will count towards the authorities granted pursuant to Resolutions 8 and 9.The Directors confirm that in respect of Resolutions 8 and 9  they intend to follow the Statement of Principles issued by the Pre-Emption Group (an advisory body representing listed companies  investors and intermediaries to which the Financial Reporting Council acts as secretariat)  which were updated in November 2022.Resolution 10 seeks to renew the Directors' authority to allow the Company  or any subsidiary thereof  to purchase any of the Company's shares and to set the price at which treasury shares may be re-issued. No more than 10% of the issued share capital of the Company may be acquired under this authority  being approximately 26 015 000 Ordinary Shares as at 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter). The minimum price which may be paid for each share is the nominal value thereof and the maximum price will be the higher of: (i) the nominal value  (ii) 105% of the average of the Relevant Price (as defined in Article 9.4.4 of the Company's Articles of Association) of the shares of the same class in respect of each of the five business days prior to the date of purchase by the Company  and (iii) (if there shall be any) 105% of the average of the middle market prices for shares of the same class  as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List in respect of each of the five business days prior to the date of purchase by the Company. The authority will remain in place until the earlier of the 2024 AGM or 27 July 2024  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied.The Directors have no present intention of exercising this authority however it will provide flexibility in the evaluation of alternative uses of capital and the Directors will only use the authority if they consider it to be in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders generally. The Company has made no decision as to whether any shares purchased under this authority will be cancelled or held in treasury.As at 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter)  the maximum number of Ordinary Shares issuable  in certain circumstances  pursuant to the vesting of share awards under the Smurfit Kappa Group 2018 Performance Share Plan amounts to 2 735 179  which represents 1.05% of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company on 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter). This percentage would increase to 1.17% if the full authority to buy shares is used.Resolution 11 relates to the convening of an extraordinary general meeting on 14 days' notice where the purpose of the meeting is to consider an ordinary resolution. If this Resolution is passed  it will maintain the existing authority in the Articles of Association of the Company which shall expire at the conclusion of the 2024 AGM unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting. As a matter of policy  the 14 days' notice will only be utilised where the Directors believe that it is merited by the business of the meeting and the circumstances surrounding the business.RecommendationThe Directors believe that the proposals summarised in this letter are in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole and recommend that you vote in favour of the Resolutions as they are set out in the Notice of AGM  as the Directors intend to do themselves in respect of their own Ordinary Shares.Yours faithfully Irial Finan ChairAPPENDIXBiographies of directors standing for election and re-electionIrial Finan - Non-executive Director and ChairIrial Finan joined the Board in February 2012. He was appointed Chair in May 2019. He was Executive Vice President of The Coca-Cola Company and President of the Bottling Investments Group from 2004 until he stepped down from the role in December 2017 and retired in March 2018. Prior to this  Irial served as Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company SA. He joined the Coca-Cola System in 1981. He served on the Board of Coca-Cola Bottlers Japan Holdings Inc. until the date of this letter. Irial is a Board member of Fortune Brands Innovations.Anthony Smurﬁt - Group Chief Executive OfficerAnthony Smurfit has served as a Director of the Group since 1989. He has worked in various parts of the Smurfit Kappa Group both in Europe and the United States since he joined the Group. He was appointed Group Chief Executive Officer in September 2015  prior to which he was the Group Chief Operations Officer from November 2002. He was also Chief Executive of Smurfit Europe from October 1999 to 2002 prior to which he was Deputy Chief Executive of Smurfit Europe and previously Chief Executive Officer of Smurfit France. He is a Board member of CEPI (Confederation of European Paper Industries)  and a member of the European Round Table of Industrialists.Ken Bowles - Group Chief Financial OfficerKen Bowles was appointed as a Director in December 2016. He joined the Group in 1994 and has occupied a number of finance roles in various parts of the Group. He was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer in April 2016  prior to which he was the Group Financial Controller from 2010. He was the Group's Head of Tax from 2007 to 2010 prior to which he was appointed as the Group's first Head of Compliance in 2004. He is an associate member of the Institute of Chartered Management Accountants and holds a first class MBA from the UCD Graduate School of Business.Anne Anderson - Non-executive DirectorAnne Anderson joined the Board in January 2019. She is an experienced international diplomat who most recently served as the Ambassador of Ireland to the United States from 2013 to 2017. She joined the Department of Foreign Affairs in 1972 and was appointed Assistant Secretary General in 1991 serving in this post until 1995. She was then appointed Ireland's Permanent Representative to the United Nations in Geneva after which she became Permanent Representative of Ireland to the European Union in 2001. Following this she was appointed Ambassador of Ireland to France in 2005  where she served until 2009. In 2009  she became Permanent Representative of Ireland to the United Nations in New York. Anne is also Chair of the Board of Advisers at the Institute for the Study of Diplomacy at Georgetown University  Washington and a Board member of the Druid Theatre Galway.Frits Beurskens - Non-executive DirectorFrits Beurskens has served as a Director of the Group since 2005. He joined the Kappa Group in 1990 and held various Managing Director positions until his appointment as its President and CEO in 1996 which he held until the merger with Smurfit. He is a former Chair of both the Confederation of European Paper Industries and the International Corrugated Cases Association and a former member of the Board of Sappi Limited. In December 2007  he was knighted and appointed by the Dutch Queen as Officer in the Order of Oranje Nassau.Carol Fairweather - Non-executive DirectorCarol Fairweather joined the Board in January 2018. She was Chief Financial Officer and an executive Director of Burberry Group plc from July 2013 to January 2017. She joined Burberry in June 2006 and prior to her appointment as CFO  she held the position of Senior Vice President  Group Finance. Prior to joining Burberry  she was Director of Finance at News International Limited from 1997 to 2005 and UK Regional Controller at Shandwick plc from 1991 to 1997. She currently serves as a non-executive Director of Segro plc. Carol is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants.Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh - Non-executive DirectorMary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh joined the Board in January 2023. She spent over 35 years at Procter & Gamble  where she held a number of senior leadership positions  including her roles as Chief Executive Officer of Family Care (Paper Products) and P&G Ventures  positions she held since 2019 having served as Group President of Family Care (Paper Products) since 2014 and P&G Ventures since 2015. Prior to that  from 2011  she was based in Switzerland where she held the position of Group President Western Europe and then Group President Europe. She is a non-executive Director of Molson Coors Beverage Company and a Board member of FJ Management Inc. and GOJO Industries Inc.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.95,True,English,"['Smurfit Kappa', 'Letter', 'Notice', 'Smurfit Kappa Group plc shares', 'Smurﬁt Kappa Group', 'third party proxy votes', 'independent professional adviser', 'Herbert Park Hotel', 'P.O. Box', 'The Capel Building', 'Euroclear Bank system', 'relevant QR code', 'respective service offerings', 'independent financial adviser', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Link Registrars Limited', 'Apple App Store', 'CREST Depositary Interests', 'Ordinary Shares', 'Investor Code', 'respective systems', 'Financial Instruments', 'Financial Services', 'European Union', 'Intermediaries Act', 'United Kingdom', 'other agent', 'securities laws', 'D04 R2T', 'share portal', 'shareholder app', 'shareholding record', 'Google Play', 'voting deadlines', 'other intermediary', 'earliest opportunity', 'Beech Hill', 'D04 N2R', 'Dear Shareholder', 'certificated shareholder', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'Markets Act', 'accompanying Form', 'Detailed instructions', 'paper form', 'voting instructions', 'proxy appointment', 'Such persons', 'Company name', 'A Form', 'shareholders', '10:00 a', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'advice', 'Ireland', 'Regulations', 'Investment', 'territory', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'stockbroker', 'sale', 'onward', 'transmission', 'release', 'publication', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'violation', 'disposal', 'NOTICE', 'FRIDAY', '28 APRIL', 'letter', 'Chair', 'pages', 'AGM', 'Ballsbridge', 'Dublin', 'year', 'Notes', 'connection', 'resolutions', 'accordance', 'post', 'Suite', 'Mary', 'Abbey', 'hand', '26 April', 'time', 'website', 'signalshares', 'Register', 'surname', 'IVC', 'LinkVote', 'ability', 'users', 'details', 'CDIs', 'information', 'processes', 'Clonskeagh', 'Fax', 'March', 'purpose', 'copy']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21513,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/north-holdings-3-oy-reduces-the-offer-price-by-eur-0-20-per-share-in-its-tender-offer-for-all-the-shares-in-caverion-due-to-caverions-eur-0-20-dividend-301783494.html,North Holdings 3 Oy reduces the offer price by EUR 0.20 per share in its tender offer for all the shares in Caverion due to Caverion's EUR 0.20 dividend,"Caverion Corporation Tender offer 28 March 2023 at 5.00 p.m. EEST HELSINKI  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- As previously announced  North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"") and Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") have entered into a combination agre…","Caverion Corporation Tender offer 28 March 2023 at 5.00 p.m. EESTHELSINKI  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- As previously announced  North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"") and Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") have entered into a combination agreement (as amended  the ""Combination Agreement"")  pursuant to which the Offeror has made a recommended voluntary public tender offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). The Offeror has on November 24  2022  published a tender offer document  dated November 24  2022  and published the first supplement document to the tender offer document on January 13  2023  the second supplement to the tender offer document on February 10  2023  the third supplement document to the tender offer document on February 15  2023  the fourth supplement document to the tender offer document on February 28  2023 and the fifth supplement document to the tender offer document on March 17  2023  concerning the Tender Offer (the tender offer document  as supplemented from time to time  the ""Tender Offer Document""). The offer period for the Tender Offer commenced on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time).As set out in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  should Caverion increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades of the Tender Offer (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined in the Tender Offer Document))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Cash Offer Price (as defined in the Tender Offer Document) and the Alternative Consideration (as defined in the Tender Offer Document) payable by the Offeror in the Tender Offer shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.As announced by Caverion  on March 27  2023  the annual general meeting of Caverion has approved the proposal of Caverion's Board of Directors according to which a dividend of EUR 0.20 per share will be paid from the distributable funds of Caverion for the financial year 2022. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment March 29  2023  are recorded in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. As previously announced  the Offer Price in the Tender Offer will be adjusted as of March 28  2023  as a result of the dividend so that the Cash Offer Price (as defined in the Tender Offer Document) is EUR 7.80 per Share  and the nominal amount of the Alternative Consideration Instruments (as defined in the Tender Offer Document) and Deferred Payment Rights (as defined in the Tender Offer Document) is EUR 8.30 per Share  each subject to any further adjustments.Caverion has also announced on March 17  2023 that the Board of Directors of Caverion has decided on a directed share issue without payment for Caverion's Performance Share Plan 2020-2022 and Restricted Share Plan 2020-2022 reward payments. In the directed share issue without payment  408 964 Caverion shares held by Caverion have been resolved by the Board of Directors of Caverion to be conveyed to 92 key employees in accordance with the terms and conditions of the plans.Due to the directed share issue without payment for Caverion's Performance and Restricted Share Plan reward payments announced by Caverion on March 17  2023  the Offeror confirms that the Offer Price of the Tender Offer will not be adjusted for the directed share issue without payment. The Offeror and Caverion have previously agreed in the Combination Agreement that  if the completion of the Tender Offer takes place  Caverion will settle in cash all outstanding rewards to be paid under its Performance Share Plan 2020-2022 and Restricted Share Plan 2020-2022  among others. The Offeror has  as requested by Caverion  approved the payment of rewards by conveyance of Caverion's treasury shares and the related directed share issue resolved by the Board of Directors of Caverion on March 17  2023 instead of the cash payment  and the Offeror has confirmed to Caverion that the Offeror will not adjust the Offer Price of the Tender Offer on the basis of this directed share issue as it concerns reward payments which have been previously agreed and which the Offeror was aware of when the Tender Offer was launched.The Offeror will supplement the tender offer document concerning its Tender Offer with the information announced in this release and will publish such supplement document once it has been approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. The Offeror will in connection with the supplement extend the offer period in its Tender Offer as required under applicable law and the regulations and guidelines of the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority.Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki  key media  www.caverion.comABOUT CAVERIONCaverion is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with its shares listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Caverion is a Northern & Central European-based expert for smart and sustainable built environments  enabling performance and people's well-being. Caverion offers expert guidance during the entire life cycle of buildings  infrastructure or industrial sites and processes: from design & build to projects  technical and industrial maintenance  facility management as well as advisory services. At the end of December 2022  there were almost 14 500 professionals serving customers at the service of Caverion Group in 10 countries.ABOUT THE CONSORTIUMBain Luxco is owned and controlled by the Bain Capital Funds. Bain Capital is one of the most experienced and successful private investment firms globally  having made more than 1 230 primary and add-on investments with approximately USD 160 billion assets under management. The firm has more than 620 investment professionals worldwide spread throughout its global network in Europe  Asia and North America. Bain Capital has made numerous successful and value-enhancing investments and exits in the Nordic region over the past years. Notably  the company led the successful take-private of Ahlstrom-Munksjö  a global leader in innovative and sustainable fiber-based materials  which was delisted from Nasdaq Helsinki in 2021. Further  from 2012 Bain Capital was the owner of Bravida  a leading Nordic technical installation and services provider  listing the business on Nasdaq Stockholm in 2015.Security Trading is an investment company owned by the Antti Herlin family. As at the date of this announcement  Antti Herlin  Security Trading and Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy  which is a company fully owned by Security Trading  together hold approximately 15.43 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Fennogens is an investment company owned by the Georg Ehrnrooth  Henrik Ehrnrooth and Carl-Gustaf Ehrnrooth families. As at the date of this announcement  Fennogens holds approximately 10.38 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Corbis is an investment company owned by the Henrik Ehrnrooth family. As at the date of this announcement  Corbis holds approximately 1.27 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR A SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT TO TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND THE POSSIBLE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENTS TO THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT  THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI LTD AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesShareholders of Caverion in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Caverion is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"")  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") thereunder.The Tender Offer is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(c) under the Exchange Act for a Tier I tender offer (the ""Tier I Exemption"") and Rule 802 (the ""802 Exemption"") under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  the financial information included in this stock exchange release has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Tender Offer is made to Caverion's shareholders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Caverion to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this stock exchange release  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Caverion's other shareholders.As permitted under the Tier I Exemption  the settlement of the Tender Offer is based on the applicable Finnish law provisions  which differ from the settlement procedures customary in the United States  particularly as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered. The Tender Offer  which is subject to Finnish law  is being made to the U.S. shareholders in accordance with the applicable U.S. securities laws  and applicable exemptions thereunder  in particular the Tier I Exemption and the 802 Exemption. To the extent the Tender Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. shareholders and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. U.S. shareholders should consider that (whether paid initially in cash or upon redemption of any Alternative Consideration Instruments) the offer price for the Tender Offer is being paid in EUR and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer (including the offer of the Alternative Consideration Instruments)  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer (including the offer of the Alternative Consideration Instruments)  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer (including in relation to the Alternative Consideration Instruments). Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.THE ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION  AND THE ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION INSTRUMENTS CONSTITUTE ""RESTRICTED SECURITIES"" PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITH UNITED STATES OR TO  OR FOR  THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF  U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT)  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a U.S. shareholder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.It may be difficult for Caverion's shareholders and the holders of the Alternative Consideration Instruments to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Caverion are located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Caverion shareholders and the holders of the Alternative Consideration Instruments may not be able to sue the Offeror or Caverion or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Caverion and their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE TENDER OFFER  PASSED ANY COMMENTS UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE TENDER OFFER  PASSED ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT OR PASSED ANY COMMENT ON WHETHER THE CONTENT IN THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT IS CORRECT OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.DisclaimerBank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Caverion and no one else in connection with the tender offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than Caverion for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the tender offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.CONTACT:Investor and Media enquiries:Milena Hæggström  Head of Investor Relations  Caverion  tel. +358 40 5581 328  milena.haeggstrom@caverion.comThe following files are available for download:SOURCE Caverion",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.44,0.56,True,English,"['North Holdings', 'offer price', 'tender offer', 'EUR 0.20 dividend', '3 Oy', 'share', 'Caverion', 'Restricted Share Plan reward payments', 'Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'voluntary public tender offer', 'Caverion Corporation Tender offer', 'North Holdings 3 Oy', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'other similar transaction', 'first supplement document', 'third supplement document', 'fourth supplement document', 'fifth supplement document', 'tender offer document', 'Alternative Consideration Instruments', 'Performance Share Plan', 'Subsequent Offer Period', 'new share issue', 'Deferred Payment Rights', 'Cash Offer Price', 'financial year', 'other assets', 'second supplement', 'Finnish time', 'combination agreement', 'stock split', 'reverse split', 'dilutive effect', 'record date', 'shareholder register', 'nominal amount', '92 key employees', 'cash payment', 'outstanding shares', 'treasury shares', 'completion trades', 'euro basis', 'outstanding rewards', 'distributable funds', 'The Offeror', '408,964 Caverion shares', 'March', 'EEST', 'HELSINKI', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'subsidiaries', 'November', 'January', 'February', '9:30 a', 'terms', 'conditions', 'number', 'result', 'reclassification', 'shareholders', 'respect', 'foregoing', 'settlements', 'expiry', 'distribution', 'proposal', 'Board', 'Directors', 'adjustments', 'accordance', 'plans', 'place', 'others', 'conveyance', 'related', 'information', 'release', 'connection', '5.00']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,prnewswire.co.uk
21514,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SMURFIT-KAPPA-GROUP-PLC-1412413/news/Smurfit-Kappa-Notice-of-AGM-43358932/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Smurfit Kappa : Notice of AGM,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document and what action you should take  you are recommended to consult your independent professional adviser  …,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document and what action you should take  you are recommended to consult your independent professional adviser  who  if you are taking advice in Ireland  is authorised or exempted under the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) or the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 and  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) of the United Kingdom or  if you are in a territory outside Ireland or the United Kingdom  from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser.If you sell or otherwise transfer or have sold or otherwise transferred all of your Smurfit Kappa Group plc shares  please forward this document and the accompanying Form of Proxy to the purchaser or transferee or the stockbroker  or other agent through whom the sale or transfer is/was effected for onward transmission to the purchaser or transferee. The release  publication or distribution of this document in or into jurisdictions other than Ireland and the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. If you sell or have sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of only part of your holding of Smurfit Kappa Group plc shares  you should retain these documents and consult the person through whom the sale  transfer or disposal was effected.NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGFRIDAY  28 APRIL 2023A letter from the Chair of Smurfit Kappa Group plc is set out on pages 2 to 4 of this document.Your attention is drawn to the Notice of the AGM to be held at 10:00 a.m. on Friday  28 April 2023 at the Herbert Park Hotel  Ballsbridge  Dublin 4  D04 R2T2  Ireland which is set out on pages 7 to 9 of this document.Detailed instructions on how to vote or appoint a proxy at this year's AGM are set out in the Notes to this Notice of AGM on pages 10 to 12.A Form of Proxy for certificated shareholders (i.e. those who hold their shares in paper form) in connection with the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM accompanies this document. If a certificated shareholder wishes to appoint a proxy  the Form of Proxy should be completed and returned in accordance with the instructions set out thereon to the Company's Registrars  Link Registrars Limited  P.O. Box 7117  Dublin 2  Ireland (if delivered by post) or Link Registrars Limited  Suite 149  The Capel Building  Mary's Abbey  Dublin 7  D07 DP79  Ireland (if delivered by hand) so as to be received no later than 10:00 a.m. on 26 April 2023 or 48 hours before the time appointed for the holding of any adjourned meeting.Alternatively  certificated shareholders may appoint a proxy electronically  to be received no later than 10:00 a.m. on 26 April 2023 or 48 hours before the time appointed for the holding of any adjourned meeting by visiting the website of the Company's Registrars atwww.signalshares.comand entering the Company name  Smurfit Kappa. Certificated shareholders will need to register for the share portal by clicking on ""Register"" (if you have not registered previously) and following the instructions thereon. To submit a proxy online  certificated shareholders will need their surname and Investor Code (IVC) both of which are printed on the enclosed Form of Proxy.Additionally  the Company's Registrar have launched a shareholder app: LinkVote+. This gives certificated shareholders the ability to access their shareholding record at any time and allows users to submit a proxy appointment quickly and easily online rather than through the post. The app is available to download on both the Apple App Store and Google Play  or by scanning the relevant QR code. Please see Note 3 on page 10 for details.Persons holding interests in Ordinary Shares through the Euroclear Bank system or CREST (via a holding in CREST Depositary Interests ('CDIs'))  will need to comply with the voting instructions and voting deadlines imposed by the respective service offerings. Such persons are recommended to consult with their stockbroker or other intermediary  as applicable  at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting third party proxy votes for the AGM through the respective systems.Smurﬁt Kappa GroupBeech Hill  Clonskeagh  Dublin 4  D04 N2R2  Ireland. Tel: +353 (0)1 202 7000  Fax: +353 (0)1 269 4481 corporateinfo@smurﬁtkappa.comsmurﬁtkappa.com28 March 2023Dear Shareholder The purpose of this letter is to convene this year's Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of Smurfit Kappa Group plc (the ""Company"") which will be held at the Herbert Park Hotel  Ballsbridge  Dublin 4  D04 R2T2  Ireland on Friday  28 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m.I enclose the Notice of AGM together with a Form of Proxy and a copy of the Company's 2022 Annual Report (the ""Annual Report""). The following briefly explains the business to be transacted at the AGM.Resolution 1 deals with reviewing the Company's affairs and considering the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 together with the reports of the directors and statutory auditor thereon.Resolution 2 deals with receiving and considering the Directors' Remuneration Report as set out on pages 117 to 136 of the Annual Report. This is an 'advisory' resolution and is not binding on the Company.Resolution 3 proposes the approval and payment of a final dividend on the Ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company (""Ordinary Shares"") in issue in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022. The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of EUR 107.6 cent per share to the holders of Ordinary Shares on the register of members at close of business on 14 April 2023 and to be paid on 12 May 2023.Resolution 4 proposes the election of Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh to the Board. Mary Lynn was appointed to the Board as an additional Director since the last AGM of the Company in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association (the ""Articles""). The Articles provide that a Director appointed by the Board since the Company's last AGM is required to retire at the next AGM and may then be considered for election.Having undergone a process of careful review and selection with the assistance of external advisors in the appointment of Mary Lynn  and based on Mary Lynn's effective performance since her appointment to the Board on 5 January 2023  the Board considers that Mary Lynn will make a valuable contribution to the role of independent Non-executive Director. The Board is satisfied that Mary Lynn is committed to her role and will devote sufficient time to it  including attendance at Board and Committee meetings.The biographical details of  and further relevant details relating to Mary Lynn are set out in the Appendix to this letter and on page 101 of the Annual Report.Resolution 5 proposes the re-election of Directors. As recommended by the UK Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"")  all of the Directors (apart from Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh  who is proposed for election under Resolution 4  and John Moloney and Gonzalo Restrepo  who as announced in December 2022  will not be seeking re-election and will retire from the Board at the conclusion of the AGM) will retire from office and seek re-election at the AGM.In accordance with the requirement to have an externally facilitated evaluation every three years under Provision 21 of the Code  an independent externally facilitated evaluation of the Board  its Committees and the individual Directors including myself was conducted by Ffion Hague of Independent Board Evaluation ('IBE') during 2022. As part of the feedback  I received a report on the performance of each individual Director and following a review of that feedback  I am confident that each Director being proposed for re-election continues to perform effectively and to make a valuable contribution to their role. I am satisfied that each Director has demonstrated commitment to their role and ensures they devote sufficient time to it  including by attendance at Board and Committee meetings. In relation to the Board's overall performance the feedback given to the evaluation team was very positive. The Board rates its own performance highly  noting the strength of the diversity on the Board and the broad range of skills and experience.Paper | Packaging | SolutionsSmurﬁt Kappa Group public limited company. Registered in Ireland No. 433527. Registered oﬃce: Beech Hill  Clonskeagh  Dublin 4  D04 N2R2. Directors: I Finan Chair  APJ Smurﬁt Chief Executive Oﬃcer  K Bowles Chief Financial Oﬃcer  GPF Beurskens (Netherlands)  JJ Moloney  G Restrepo (Colombia)  J Lawrence (USA)  JB Rasmussen (Denmark)  C Fairweather (UK)  A Anderson  MdeL Melgar (Mexico)  K Hietala Senior Independent Director (Finland) ML Ferguson-McHugh (USA).Secretary: G Carson-Callan.This together with a strong culture of integrity and well-integrated board governance process  results in a professional  candid  engaged and highly functioning Board. As a result  I believe that each Director has  and will continue  to contribute significantly to the Company's long-term sustainable success.With regard to my re-election  during 2021  the Board  led by the then Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Nomination Committee  Gonzalo Restrepo  completed a detailed review to consider my tenure as Chair. Following careful consideration  the Board concluded that it was in the best interests of the Group and of all stakeholders to extend my tenure and that I be re-elected  which was strongly supported by the Company's shareholders with over 93% of votes cast in favour of my re-election at the AGM in 2022. During 2022  following consideration of the Code  the comprehensive review completed during 2021 and the externally facilitated evaluation  the Board has concluded that it remains in the best interests of the Group and of all stakeholders that my tenure continues in line with the prior year recommendation and that I too be re-elected at the forthcoming AGM. Please see page 111 of the Annual Report for further details.The re-election of each Director will be considered separately. The biographical details of  and further relevant details relating to  each of the Directors seeking re-election are set out in the Appendix to this letter.Resolution 6 relates to the authority of the Directors to determine the remuneration of the statutory auditor. The Audit Committee participates in the negotiation of the audit fee arrangements to ensure that there is appropriate balance between the scope of work and the cost of assurance. Details of the audit fees are set out in Note 5 on page 179 of the Annual Report.Resolution 7 seeks to renew the Directors' authority to allot and issue shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal value of €86 716 representing 33.33% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) on 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter). No treasury shares are held by the Company. The Directors have no current intention of exercising this authority outside the ordinary course of business. The Directors will exercise this authority only if they consider it to be in the best interests of Shareholders generally at the relevant time. The authority will remain in place until the earlier of the 2024 AGM or 27 July 2024  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied.Resolution 8 seeks to renew the disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights. This Resolution grants the Directors the authority to allot shares for cash without being required first to offer such shares to existing Shareholders pro-rata. The authority will remain in place until the earlier of the 2024 AGM or 27 July 2024  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied. The authority is limited to issuances up to an aggregate nominal value of €13 007  which represents 5% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company on 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter).Resolution 9 seeks to grant the Directors an additional authority to allot shares on a non-pre-emptive basis. This Resolution grants the Directors the authority to allot additional shares for cash up to a further 5% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company on 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter) without being required first to offer such shares to existing Shareholders pro-rata but only in connection with an acquisition or a specified capital investment which is announced contemporaneously with the issue  or which has taken place in the preceding six month period and is disclosed in the announcement of the issue. The authority under this Resolution is limited to issuances up to a nominal value of €13 007  which represents 5% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company on 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter). The authority will remain in place until the earlier of the 2024 AGM or 27 July 2024  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied.The Company does not currently hold any treasury shares. However  if any treasury shares were to be reissued by the Company under the authority which is proposed in Resolution 10  such treasury shares will count towards the authorities granted pursuant to Resolutions 8 and 9.The Directors confirm that in respect of Resolutions 8 and 9  they intend to follow the Statement of Principles issued by the Pre-Emption Group (an advisory body representing listed companies  investors and intermediaries to which the Financial Reporting Council acts as secretariat)  which were updated in November 2022.Resolution 10 seeks to renew the Directors' authority to allow the Company  or any subsidiary thereof  to purchase any of the Company's shares and to set the price at which treasury shares may be re-issued. No more than 10% of the issued share capital of the Company may be acquired under this authority  being approximately 26 015 000 Ordinary Shares as at 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter). The minimum price which may be paid for each share is the nominal value thereof and the maximum price will be the higher of: (i) the nominal value  (ii) 105% of the average of the Relevant Price (as defined in Article 9.4.4 of the Company's Articles of Association) of the shares of the same class in respect of each of the five business days prior to the date of purchase by the Company  and (iii) (if there shall be any) 105% of the average of the middle market prices for shares of the same class  as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List in respect of each of the five business days prior to the date of purchase by the Company. The authority will remain in place until the earlier of the 2024 AGM or 27 July 2024  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied.The Directors have no present intention of exercising this authority however it will provide flexibility in the evaluation of alternative uses of capital and the Directors will only use the authority if they consider it to be in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders generally. The Company has made no decision as to whether any shares purchased under this authority will be cancelled or held in treasury.As at 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter)  the maximum number of Ordinary Shares issuable  in certain circumstances  pursuant to the vesting of share awards under the Smurfit Kappa Group 2018 Performance Share Plan amounts to 2 735 179  which represents 1.05% of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company on 21 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this letter). This percentage would increase to 1.17% if the full authority to buy shares is used.Resolution 11 relates to the convening of an extraordinary general meeting on 14 days' notice where the purpose of the meeting is to consider an ordinary resolution. If this Resolution is passed  it will maintain the existing authority in the Articles of Association of the Company which shall expire at the conclusion of the 2024 AGM unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting. As a matter of policy  the 14 days' notice will only be utilised where the Directors believe that it is merited by the business of the meeting and the circumstances surrounding the business.RecommendationThe Directors believe that the proposals summarised in this letter are in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole and recommend that you vote in favour of the Resolutions as they are set out in the Notice of AGM  as the Directors intend to do themselves in respect of their own Ordinary Shares.Yours faithfully Irial Finan ChairAPPENDIXBiographies of directors standing for election and re-electionIrial Finan - Non-executive Director and ChairIrial Finan joined the Board in February 2012. He was appointed Chair in May 2019. He was Executive Vice President of The Coca-Cola Company and President of the Bottling Investments Group from 2004 until he stepped down from the role in December 2017 and retired in March 2018. Prior to this  Irial served as Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company SA. He joined the Coca-Cola System in 1981. He served on the Board of Coca-Cola Bottlers Japan Holdings Inc. until the date of this letter. Irial is a Board member of Fortune Brands Innovations.Anthony Smurﬁt - Group Chief Executive OfficerAnthony Smurfit has served as a Director of the Group since 1989. He has worked in various parts of the Smurfit Kappa Group both in Europe and the United States since he joined the Group. He was appointed Group Chief Executive Officer in September 2015  prior to which he was the Group Chief Operations Officer from November 2002. He was also Chief Executive of Smurfit Europe from October 1999 to 2002 prior to which he was Deputy Chief Executive of Smurfit Europe and previously Chief Executive Officer of Smurfit France. He is a Board member of CEPI (Confederation of European Paper Industries)  and a member of the European Round Table of Industrialists.Ken Bowles - Group Chief Financial OfficerKen Bowles was appointed as a Director in December 2016. He joined the Group in 1994 and has occupied a number of finance roles in various parts of the Group. He was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer in April 2016  prior to which he was the Group Financial Controller from 2010. He was the Group's Head of Tax from 2007 to 2010 prior to which he was appointed as the Group's first Head of Compliance in 2004. He is an associate member of the Institute of Chartered Management Accountants and holds a first class MBA from the UCD Graduate School of Business.Anne Anderson - Non-executive DirectorAnne Anderson joined the Board in January 2019. She is an experienced international diplomat who most recently served as the Ambassador of Ireland to the United States from 2013 to 2017. She joined the Department of Foreign Affairs in 1972 and was appointed Assistant Secretary General in 1991 serving in this post until 1995. She was then appointed Ireland's Permanent Representative to the United Nations in Geneva after which she became Permanent Representative of Ireland to the European Union in 2001. Following this she was appointed Ambassador of Ireland to France in 2005  where she served until 2009. In 2009  she became Permanent Representative of Ireland to the United Nations in New York. Anne is also Chair of the Board of Advisers at the Institute for the Study of Diplomacy at Georgetown University  Washington and a Board member of the Druid Theatre Galway.Frits Beurskens - Non-executive DirectorFrits Beurskens has served as a Director of the Group since 2005. He joined the Kappa Group in 1990 and held various Managing Director positions until his appointment as its President and CEO in 1996 which he held until the merger with Smurfit. He is a former Chair of both the Confederation of European Paper Industries and the International Corrugated Cases Association and a former member of the Board of Sappi Limited. In December 2007  he was knighted and appointed by the Dutch Queen as Officer in the Order of Oranje Nassau.Carol Fairweather - Non-executive DirectorCarol Fairweather joined the Board in January 2018. She was Chief Financial Officer and an executive Director of Burberry Group plc from July 2013 to January 2017. She joined Burberry in June 2006 and prior to her appointment as CFO  she held the position of Senior Vice President  Group Finance. Prior to joining Burberry  she was Director of Finance at News International Limited from 1997 to 2005 and UK Regional Controller at Shandwick plc from 1991 to 1997. She currently serves as a non-executive Director of Segro plc. Carol is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants.Mary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh - Non-executive DirectorMary Lynn Ferguson-McHugh joined the Board in January 2023. She spent over 35 years at Procter & Gamble  where she held a number of senior leadership positions  including her roles as Chief Executive Officer of Family Care (Paper Products) and P&G Ventures  positions she held since 2019 having served as Group President of Family Care (Paper Products) since 2014 and P&G Ventures since 2015. Prior to that  from 2011  she was based in Switzerland where she held the position of Group President Western Europe and then Group President Europe. She is a non-executive Director of Molson Coors Beverage Company and a Board member of FJ Management Inc. and GOJO Industries Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.95,True,English,"['Smurfit Kappa', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'Smurfit Kappa Group plc shares', 'Smurﬁt Kappa Group', 'third party proxy votes', 'independent professional adviser', 'Herbert Park Hotel', 'P.O. Box', 'The Capel Building', 'Euroclear Bank system', 'relevant QR code', 'respective service offerings', 'independent financial adviser', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Link Registrars Limited', 'Apple App Store', 'CREST Depositary Interests', 'Ordinary Shares', 'Investor Code', 'respective systems', 'Financial Instruments', 'Financial Services', 'European Union', 'Intermediaries Act', 'United Kingdom', 'other agent', 'securities laws', 'D04 R2T', 'share portal', 'shareholder app', 'shareholding record', 'Google Play', 'voting deadlines', 'other intermediary', 'earliest opportunity', 'Beech Hill', 'D04 N2R', 'Dear Shareholder', 'certificated shareholder', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'Markets Act', 'accompanying Form', 'Detailed instructions', 'paper form', 'voting instructions', 'proxy appointment', 'Such persons', 'Company name', 'A Form', 'shareholders', '10:00 a', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'advice', 'Ireland', 'Regulations', 'Investment', 'territory', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'stockbroker', 'sale', 'onward', 'transmission', 'release', 'publication', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'violation', 'disposal', 'NOTICE', 'FRIDAY', '28 APRIL', 'letter', 'Chair', 'pages', 'AGM', 'Ballsbridge', 'Dublin', 'year', 'Notes', 'connection', 'resolutions', 'accordance', 'post', 'Suite', 'Mary', 'Abbey', 'hand', '26 April', 'time', 'website', 'signalshares', 'Register', 'surname', 'IVC', 'LinkVote', 'ability', 'users', 'details', 'CDIs', 'information', 'processes', 'Clonskeagh', 'Fax', 'March', 'purpose', 'copy']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21515,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-concordia-maritime-ab-publ-301783004.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Concordia Maritime AB (publ),GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Concordia Maritime AB (publ)  556068-5819  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  4 May 2023 at 1.00 p.m. CEST at Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Gothenburg. Reg…,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Concordia Maritime AB (publ)  556068-5819  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  4 May 2023 at 1.00 p.m. CEST at Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Gothenburg. Registration for the Annual General Meeting begins at 12.15 p.m. CEST.The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Concordia Maritime's Articles of Association.Right to participate and registrationAttending the meeting venueA) A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  25 April 2023   andin the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday    and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Thursday  27 April 2023. Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Computershare AB ""Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag's Annual General Meeting""  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden   by email [email protected]   by telephone +46 771-24 64 00 or on the company's website www.concordiamaritime.com (only for natural persons). The notification must state name  social security- or company registration number  address  telephone number and the number of possible assistants (maximum two).If shareholders are represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached. Form of proxy is available at the company's head office and on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Participation by postal votingB) A person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  25 April 2023   andin the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday    and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Thursday  27 April 2023  by having submitted a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Computershare AB no later than that day.A shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on Concordia Maritime's website  www.concordiamaritime.com. The completed and signed form must be received by Computershare AB no later than Thursday  27 April 2023. The completed and signed form shall be sent to Computershare AB ""Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag's Annual General Meeting""  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. The completed form may alternatively be submitted by email and is then to be sent to [email protected] (state ""Concordia Maritime - postal voting"" in the subject line). Shareholders can also choose to cast their postal vote electronically through verification with BankID. A link to electronic postal voting can be found on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Thursday  27 April 2023.The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form. Form of proxy is available at the company's head office and on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shareholders who have registered their shares in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  request that their shares be registered in their own name so that the shareholder is entered into the share register on Tuesday  25 April 2023. This registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested with the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in advance as determined by the nominee. Voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday  27 April 2023  are considered when preparing the share register.Items and proposed agendaOpening of the meeting. Election of Chairman of the meeting. Election of person to verify the minutes. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Consideration if the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the Board of Directors and statement by the Chairman of the Board. Presentation by the CEO. Presentation ofa) the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts;b) the audit report and the audit report for the group;c) the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management. Resolutions regardinga) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b) the allocation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet;c) the discharge from liability towards the company in respect of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Resolution regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditors. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board. Election of auditor. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the executive management. Closing of the meeting.Election of a Chairman for the meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that the attorney Aleksander Ivarsson is elected as Chairman of the meeting.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 4)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Computershare AB on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Proposal of profit allocation (item 10b)The Board of Directors does not propose any distribution of dividend.Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors and deputy auditors (item 11)The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of Board members elected by the shareholders shall be four and that no deputies should be appointed. The number of auditors is proposed to be one.Resolution regarding the remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditors (item 12)The Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the Board members is to be paid with SEK 400 000 (400 000) to the Chairman and SEK 300 000 (225 000) to each of the other Board members elected by the shareholders.The remuneration to the auditors shall be paid according to invoice approved by the company.Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board (item 13)The Nomination Committee proposes that Stefan Brocker  Henrik Hallin  Mats Jansson and Ulrika Laurin shall be re-elected as Board members. Stefan Brocker is proposed to be elected as Chairman of the Board. Carl-Johan Hagman has declined re-election to the Board of Directors.Election of auditor (item 14)In accordance with the Board of Director's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as auditor of the company for a period of one year until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has notified that the authorised public accountant Fredrik Göransson will be principally responsible auditor  if Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is elected as auditor by the Annual General Meeting.Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the executive management (item 16)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt guidelines for remuneration to the executive management in accordance with below.Scope of the guidelines  etc.Members of the executive management of Concordia Maritime fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.Remuneration under employments subject to other rules than Swedish may be duly adjusted to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe company's vision is to always be the preferred carrier and business partner within tanker transportation  and in order to achieve the purpose  the company has a business strategy that  in short  is to provide safe  sustainable and reliable tanker transportation based on innovation and performance for its customer  and to make timely investments in vessels and gain financially from fluctuations in their values. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers attractive and competitive remuneration. The absolute level depends on the scope and complexity of the position in question and on the individual employee's annual performance. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management an attractive and competitive total remuneration.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to annually predetermined and measurable criteria  e.g. commercial  operational and financial criteria  that shall be determined by the Board of Directors. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development. Currently  these criteria include  inter alia  avoidance of work-related personal injuries (LTIF)  number of vetting observations at vessel inspections  and fleet utilization. Applicable criteria and the relative size of the criteria is determined individually.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The Board of Directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to other executives  the CEO is responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on established financial data for the relevant period. Should the group's profit before tax be negative for the relevant period  the payment of variable cash remuneration be limited to 50 per cent of the actual result.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 35 per cent of the annual cash remuneration. For other executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits only to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  e.g.  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 15 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Termination of employmentThe notice period may not exceed two years for the CEO and one year for other executives  if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the CEO's fixed cash salary for two years  and one year for other executives. When termination is made by the executive  the period of notice may not exceed twelve months for the CEO and six months for other executives  without any right to severance pay.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The development of the gap between the remuneration to executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has not established a remuneration committee  since the Board of Directors found it more appropriate for the entire Board to fulfil the duties of a remuneration committee. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Board of Directors shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. The Board of Directors resolves on any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelines and how the shareholders' opinions are consideredThe current guidelines for remuneration to the executive management were adopted at the annual general meeting 2020. These guidelines are substantially the same as the guidelines adopted by the annual general meeting 2020. However  the notice period for other executives  if notice of termination of employment is made by the company  has been amended from a maximum of six months to a maximum of one year. In addition  the maximum fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay for other executives has been amended  to may not together exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed cash salary for one year  instead of as earlier stated six months.No comments or questions on the guidelines for remuneration to the executive management have emerged in connection with the general meeting proceeding.Available documentationThe Annual Report in Swedish  the audit report  the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management  the Board of Directors' remuneration report  and the Board of Directors' proposal on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management will be presented at the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's headquarters and the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com  no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. The above documents will also be sent to shareholders upon request  provided that such shareholder states a postal address.Information about the proposed Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement is available on the company's website  www.concordiamaritime.com.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 47 729 798 shares  whereof 4 000 000 Series A shares and 43 729 798 Series B shares  representing a total of 83 729 798 votes. The company does not hold any of its own shares.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board considers that it will not cause significant damage to the company  provide information on circumstances that could affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  circumstances that could affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's economic situation and the company's relations with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in March  2023Concordia Maritime AB (publ)Board of DirectorsThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1948/3741132/1945842.pdf 2023-03-28 Concordia Maritime - Notice to the Annual General Meeting 2023SOURCE Concordia Maritime",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.04,0.5,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Concordia Maritime AB', 'Notice', 'Elite Park Avenue Hotel', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'Such electronic votes', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Concordia Maritime Aktiebolag', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'electronic postal voting', 'Concordia Maritime AB', 'voting right registration', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'meeting venue', 'voting rights', 'Computershare AB', 'share register', 'natural persons', 'possible assistants', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'head office', 'subject line', 'right registrations', 'registration certificate', 'postal vote', 'special form', 'completed form', 'telephone number', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'state name', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'GOTHENBURG', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'May', 'CEST', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Articles', 'Association', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', '25 April', 'notice', 'participation', 'Notification', 'SE-102', 'Stockholm', 'email', 'website', 'concordiamaritime', 'address', 'attorney', 'verification', 'BankID', 'link', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'written', 'order', 'addition', 'procedures', 'advance', 'Items', 'agenda', 'Opening', '1.00', '12.15']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,prnewswire.com
21516,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-holdings-3-oy-reduces-the-offer-price-by-eur-0-20-per-share-in-its-tender-offer-for-all-the-shares-in-caverion-due-to-caverions-eur-0-20-dividend-301783494.html,North Holdings 3 Oy reduces the offer price by EUR 0.20 per share in its tender offer for all the shares in Caverion due to Caverion's EUR 0.20 dividend,"Caverion Corporation Tender offer 28 March 2023 at 5.00 p.m. EEST HELSINKI  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- As previously announced  North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"") and Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") have entered into a combination agre…","Caverion Corporation Tender offer 28 March 2023 at 5.00 p.m. EESTHELSINKI  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- As previously announced  North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"") and Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") have entered into a combination agreement (as amended  the ""Combination Agreement"")  pursuant to which the Offeror has made a recommended voluntary public tender offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). The Offeror has on November 24  2022  published a tender offer document  dated November 24  2022  and published the first supplement document to the tender offer document on January 13  2023  the second supplement to the tender offer document on February 10  2023  the third supplement document to the tender offer document on February 15  2023  the fourth supplement document to the tender offer document on February 28  2023 and the fifth supplement document to the tender offer document on March 17  2023  concerning the Tender Offer (the tender offer document  as supplemented from time to time  the ""Tender Offer Document""). The offer period for the Tender Offer commenced on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time).As set out in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  should Caverion increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades of the Tender Offer (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined in the Tender Offer Document))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Cash Offer Price (as defined in the Tender Offer Document) and the Alternative Consideration (as defined in the Tender Offer Document) payable by the Offeror in the Tender Offer shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis.As announced by Caverion  on March 27  2023  the annual general meeting of Caverion has approved the proposal of Caverion's Board of Directors according to which a dividend of EUR 0.20 per share will be paid from the distributable funds of Caverion for the financial year 2022. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment March 29  2023  are recorded in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. As previously announced  the Offer Price in the Tender Offer will be adjusted as of March 28  2023  as a result of the dividend so that the Cash Offer Price (as defined in the Tender Offer Document) is EUR 7.80 per Share  and the nominal amount of the Alternative Consideration Instruments (as defined in the Tender Offer Document) and Deferred Payment Rights (as defined in the Tender Offer Document) is EUR 8.30 per Share  each subject to any further adjustments.Caverion has also announced on March 17  2023 that the Board of Directors of Caverion has decided on a directed share issue without payment for Caverion's Performance Share Plan 2020-2022 and Restricted Share Plan 2020-2022 reward payments. In the directed share issue without payment  408 964 Caverion shares held by Caverion have been resolved by the Board of Directors of Caverion to be conveyed to 92 key employees in accordance with the terms and conditions of the plans.Due to the directed share issue without payment for Caverion's Performance and Restricted Share Plan reward payments announced by Caverion on March 17  2023  the Offeror confirms that the Offer Price of the Tender Offer will not be adjusted for the directed share issue without payment. The Offeror and Caverion have previously agreed in the Combination Agreement that  if the completion of the Tender Offer takes place  Caverion will settle in cash all outstanding rewards to be paid under its Performance Share Plan 2020-2022 and Restricted Share Plan 2020-2022  among others. The Offeror has  as requested by Caverion  approved the payment of rewards by conveyance of Caverion's treasury shares and the related directed share issue resolved by the Board of Directors of Caverion on March 17  2023 instead of the cash payment  and the Offeror has confirmed to Caverion that the Offeror will not adjust the Offer Price of the Tender Offer on the basis of this directed share issue as it concerns reward payments which have been previously agreed and which the Offeror was aware of when the Tender Offer was launched.The Offeror will supplement the tender offer document concerning its Tender Offer with the information announced in this release and will publish such supplement document once it has been approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. The Offeror will in connection with the supplement extend the offer period in its Tender Offer as required under applicable law and the regulations and guidelines of the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority.Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki  key media  www.caverion.comABOUT CAVERIONCaverion is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with its shares listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Caverion is a Northern & Central European-based expert for smart and sustainable built environments  enabling performance and people's well-being. Caverion offers expert guidance during the entire life cycle of buildings  infrastructure or industrial sites and processes: from design & build to projects  technical and industrial maintenance  facility management as well as advisory services. At the end of December 2022  there were almost 14 500 professionals serving customers at the service of Caverion Group in 10 countries.ABOUT THE CONSORTIUMBain Luxco is owned and controlled by the Bain Capital Funds. Bain Capital is one of the most experienced and successful private investment firms globally  having made more than 1 230 primary and add-on investments with approximately USD 160 billion assets under management. The firm has more than 620 investment professionals worldwide spread throughout its global network in Europe  Asia and North America. Bain Capital has made numerous successful and value-enhancing investments and exits in the Nordic region over the past years. Notably  the company led the successful take-private of Ahlstrom-Munksjö  a global leader in innovative and sustainable fiber-based materials  which was delisted from Nasdaq Helsinki in 2021. Further  from 2012 Bain Capital was the owner of Bravida  a leading Nordic technical installation and services provider  listing the business on Nasdaq Stockholm in 2015.Security Trading is an investment company owned by the Antti Herlin family. As at the date of this announcement  Antti Herlin  Security Trading and Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy  which is a company fully owned by Security Trading  together hold approximately 15.43 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Fennogens is an investment company owned by the Georg Ehrnrooth  Henrik Ehrnrooth and Carl-Gustaf Ehrnrooth families. As at the date of this announcement  Fennogens holds approximately 10.38 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Corbis is an investment company owned by the Henrik Ehrnrooth family. As at the date of this announcement  Corbis holds approximately 1.27 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR A SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT TO TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND THE POSSIBLE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENTS TO THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT  THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI LTD AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesShareholders of Caverion in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Caverion is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"")  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") thereunder.The Tender Offer is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(c) under the Exchange Act for a Tier I tender offer (the ""Tier I Exemption"") and Rule 802 (the ""802 Exemption"") under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  the financial information included in this stock exchange release has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Tender Offer is made to Caverion's shareholders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Caverion to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this stock exchange release  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Caverion's other shareholders.As permitted under the Tier I Exemption  the settlement of the Tender Offer is based on the applicable Finnish law provisions  which differ from the settlement procedures customary in the United States  particularly as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered. The Tender Offer  which is subject to Finnish law  is being made to the U.S. shareholders in accordance with the applicable U.S. securities laws  and applicable exemptions thereunder  in particular the Tier I Exemption and the 802 Exemption. To the extent the Tender Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. shareholders and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. U.S. shareholders should consider that (whether paid initially in cash or upon redemption of any Alternative Consideration Instruments) the offer price for the Tender Offer is being paid in EUR and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer (including the offer of the Alternative Consideration Instruments)  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer (including the offer of the Alternative Consideration Instruments)  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer (including in relation to the Alternative Consideration Instruments). Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.THE ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION  AND THE ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION INSTRUMENTS CONSTITUTE ""RESTRICTED SECURITIES"" PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITH UNITED STATES OR TO  OR FOR  THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF  U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT)  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a U.S. shareholder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.It may be difficult for Caverion's shareholders and the holders of the Alternative Consideration Instruments to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Caverion are located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Caverion shareholders and the holders of the Alternative Consideration Instruments may not be able to sue the Offeror or Caverion or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Caverion and their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE TENDER OFFER  PASSED ANY COMMENTS UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE TENDER OFFER  PASSED ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT OR PASSED ANY COMMENT ON WHETHER THE CONTENT IN THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT IS CORRECT OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.DisclaimerBank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Caverion and no one else in connection with the tender offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than Caverion for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the tender offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.CONTACT:Investor and Media enquiries:Milena Hæggström  Head of Investor Relations  Caverion  tel. +358 40 5581 328  [email protected]The following files are available for download:SOURCE Caverion",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.44,0.56,True,English,"['North Holdings', 'offer price', 'tender offer', 'EUR 0.20 dividend', '3 Oy', 'share', 'Caverion', 'Restricted Share Plan reward payments', 'Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'voluntary public tender offer', 'Caverion Corporation Tender offer', 'North Holdings 3 Oy', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'other similar transaction', 'first supplement document', 'third supplement document', 'fourth supplement document', 'fifth supplement document', 'tender offer document', 'Alternative Consideration Instruments', 'Performance Share Plan', 'Subsequent Offer Period', 'new share issue', 'Deferred Payment Rights', 'Cash Offer Price', 'financial year', 'other assets', 'second supplement', 'Finnish time', 'combination agreement', 'stock split', 'reverse split', 'dilutive effect', 'record date', 'shareholder register', 'nominal amount', '92 key employees', 'cash payment', 'outstanding shares', 'treasury shares', 'completion trades', 'euro basis', 'outstanding rewards', 'distributable funds', 'The Offeror', '408,964 Caverion shares', 'March', 'EEST', 'HELSINKI', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'subsidiaries', 'November', 'January', 'February', '9:30 a', 'terms', 'conditions', 'number', 'result', 'reclassification', 'shareholders', 'respect', 'foregoing', 'settlements', 'expiry', 'distribution', 'proposal', 'Board', 'Directors', 'adjustments', 'accordance', 'plans', 'place', 'others', 'conveyance', 'related', 'information', 'release', 'connection', '5.00']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,prnewswire.com
21517,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-eastnine-ab-publ-1680087600,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Eastnine AB (publ),be registered as shareholders in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday 24April 2023  and - give notice of their intention to participate at the AGM not later than on Wednesday 26 April 2023. Notice of participation at ...,"Shareholders of Eastnine AB (publ)  reg. no. 556693-7404  (the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held on Wednesday 3 May 2023 at 15.30 (CET) at IVA Konferenscenter  Grev Turegatan 16 in Stockholm  Sweden. Registration for the Annual General Meeting starts at 15.10 and admission for the seminar starts at 13.00.ProgramThe program starts with a seminar and coffee/tea will be served. To the extent possible  Board members will attend the Annual General Meeting.13.00 Admission for seminar opens (registration for the Annual General Meeting from 15.10)13.30 Seminar begins15.00 Break15.10 Registration for the Annual General Meeting opens (registration can be made until 15.30)15.30 Annual General MeetingNotificationThose that wish to attend the AGM must:- be registered as shareholders in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday 24April 2023  and- give notice of their intention to participate at the AGM not later than on Wednesday 26 April 2023.Notice of participation at the AGM may be given either by telephone +46 8505 97 700  by email to agm@eastnine.com  or by regular mail to Eastnine AB (publ)  ""AGM""; Box 7214  10388 Stockholm  Sweden.The name  personal identification number (or company registration number)  address and telephone number of the shareholder  shareholding and  if applicable  attendance of any representatives or assistants should be provided in the notice of participation. No more than two assistants may attend and only if the number of assistants has been stated in advance.Personal data collected from powers of attorney and the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB will be used for registration and preparation of the voting list for the AGM.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate at the AGM  shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must temporarily re-register the shares in their own name. Such re-registration must be effected at Euroclear Sweden AB not later than on Wednesday 26April 2023. Thus  the nominee should be notified in due time prior to this date.Proxies etc.Shareholders who are represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney for the representative. Power of attorney in original and  for legal entities  certificate of registration should be submitted to the Company at the address above in due time prior to the AGM. The power of attorney and certificate of registration may not be older than one year  the power of attorney may however be older if it  according to its wording  is valid for a longer period  maximum five years. The Company provides proxy forms on its website  www.eastnine.com/en/annual-general-meetings. The proxy form may also be requested by telephone at +46 8 505 97 700.Please note that shareholders who are represented by proxy must also give notice of participation in accordance with the instructions given above and be registered in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday 24 April 2023.Number of shares and votesAt the time of issuing the notice to attend the AGM  the Company has a total of 22 370 261 registered shares  with one vote per share. The Company holds 162 515 own shares.Right to request informationShareholders present at the AGM have a right to request information regarding the matters on the agenda or the Company's economic situation in accordance with Chapter 7  Section32 of the Swedish Companies Act.Admission cardsNo admission card will be sent out before the AGM. Valid identification must be brought to the Meeting for registration of attendance and entry.Proposed Agenda1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of the chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes of the Meeting.5. Decision on whether the Meeting has been duly convened.6. Approval of the agenda.7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditors' report  as well as of the consolidated financial statements and the auditors' report for the Eastnine group. In connection therewith:a) address by the chairman of the Board of Directors including a report on the work of the Board of Directors b) address by the CEO c) report by the auditor regarding the audit work.8. Resolutions regarding:a) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet for the Eastnine group b) disposition of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted balance sheet c) discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.9. Approval of remuneration report.10. Decision on the number of members of the Board of Directors  auditors and deputy auditors.11. Decision on remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditor.12. Election of members of the Board of Directors and chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditor.14. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to transfer own shares.15. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to acquire own shares.16. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issue.17. Closing of the Meeting.2. Election of the chairman of the MeetingEastnine's Nomination Committee  that has consisted of Karine Hirn representing East Capital and Peter Elam Håkansson  Erik Haegerstrand representing Bonnier Fastigheter and Martin Zetterström representing Arbona  in addition to Liselotte Hjorth in her role as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Eastnine  proposes that the attorney Ebba Olsson Werkell  KANTER Advokatbyrå  is appointed chairman of the Meeting.8. b) Disposition of the Company's resultThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend to the shareholders corresponding to SEK 3.40 per share and that the remaining profits are carried forward. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend is distributed on four payment occasions of SEK 0.85 per share and dividend occasion. As record dates for the dividend  Friday 5 May 2023  Tuesday 22August 2023  Tuesday 14 November 2023 and Tuesday 23 January 2024 are proposed. If the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal  it is expected that Euroclear Sweden AB will distribute the dividend payment on the third banking day following each respective record day  being Wednesday 10 May 2023  Friday 25 August 2023  Friday 17 November 2023  and Friday 26 January 2024.9. Approval of remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves on approval of the Board of Directors' report on remunerations in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.10. Decision on the number of members of the Board of Directors  auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of six (6) members. The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of auditors shall be one (1) registered audit firm without a deputy auditor.11. Decision on remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes the following unchanged remuneration to the Board. SEK 800 000 to the Chairman and SEK 400 000 to each of the other members of the Board. No additional remuneration for any committee work is proposed. Fees to the auditor are based on approved invoices.12. Election of members of the Board of Directors and chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that Liselotte Hjorth  Christian Hermelin  Peter Elam Håkansson  Ylva Sarby Westman and Peter Wågström are re-elected and that Hanna Loikkanen is elected as members of the Board of Directors for the time until the end of the next AGM. It is proposed that Liselotte Hjorth is re-elected as the chairman of the Board of Directors.Information about the proposed Board members can be found on the Company's website.13. Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the auditing firm KPMG as auditor  with the authorized auditor Peter Dahllöf as auditor in charge. The auditor's term of office is proposed to be valid until the end of the next AGM. The Nomination Committee's proposal is in accordance with the recommendation from the Board of Directors  acting as Audit Committee. Neither the Nomination Committee's proposal nor the Board of Directors' recommendation for the auditor's election has been affected by third parties or have been forced by any contractual terms that have limited the freedom of choice in the auditor's election.14. Authorization to transfer own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to transfer own shares  under the following conditions:1. Shares may be transferred on Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise.2. Transfer may take place with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights.3. Transfer on Nasdaq Stockholm may take place at a price per share within the registered share price interval from time to time  which means the spread between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price prevailing from time to time on the exchange. Transfer made otherwise shall be made on market terms.4. The authorization covers all shares held by the Company from time to time.5. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash  contributions in-kind or set-off.6. The authorization may be utilized on one or more occasions  however not longer than until the next AGM.The purpose of the authorization to transfer own shares and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable the Board of Directors an opportunity to adjust the Company's capital structure and to use repurchased owned shares as payment for or financing of acquisitions or investments in order to create increased value for the shareholders.A resolution in accordance with this item 14 requires that shareholders representing no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the resolution.15. Authorization to acquire own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to acquire the Company's own shares  under the following conditions:1. The share purchases may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the registered share price interval from time to time  which means the spread between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price prevailing from time to time on the exchange.2. Purchases may also be made in accordance with an offer directed to all shareholders with a cash consideration not below the market price at the time of the offer and with a maximum upward deviation of 20 percent.3. The Company may only purchase so many shares that the Company's holding of its own shares does not at any time exceed 10 percent of all the shares in the Company.4. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.5. The authorization may be utilized on one or more occasions  however not longer than until the next AGM.The purpose of this authorization to acquire own shares in the Company is to enable the Board of Directors to adjust the capital structure and thereby generate a higher value for the shareholders.A resolution in accordance with this item 15 requires that shareholders representing no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the resolution.16. Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issueThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or more occasions until the next AGM  decide upon an issue of shares in the Company corresponding to not more than 10 per cent of the Company's share capital  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential right. Furthermore  the proposal means that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. Shares shall  in case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right to subscription  be issued on market terms. The purpose of this authorization is to enable the Company to  completely or partially  finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions  and to adapt and improve the Company's capital structure.A resolution in accordance with this item 16 requires that shareholders representing no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the AGM approve the resolution.Available documentsAnnual accounts including the auditor's report as well as the complete proposals and statements according to the Swedish Companies Act together with pertaining statements by the auditor will be available at the office of Eastnine on Kungsgatan 30 in Stockholm and on the website www.eastnine.com/en/annual-general-meetings no later than Wednesday 12 April 2023. Copies of the documentation and the notice will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address.* * *Stockholm in March 2023EASTNINE AB (publ)Board of DirectorsEastnine AB (publ)For more information contact:Liselotte Hjorth  Chairman of the Board  +49 172 685 7723Kestutis Sasnauskas  CEO  +46 8 505 97 700Britt-Marie Nyman  CFO and Deputy CEO  +46 70 224 29 35Eastnine AB (publ) is a Swedish real estate company with a property value of EUR 606m and a long-term net asset value of EUR 486m as of 31 December 2022. Eastnine's vision is to create and provide prime venues where ideas can flow  people can meet  and successful business can be developed. Eastnine's mission is to be the leading long-term provider of modern and sustainable office and logistics premises in prime locations in the Baltics and Poland. Eastnine's share is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Mid Cap  sector Real Estate.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Eastnine AB', 'Notice', '15.30 Annual General Meeting Notification', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'personal identification number', 'annual report', 'Eastnine AB', 'company registration number', 'Personal data', 'Valid identification', 'Wednesday 3 May', 'IVA Konferenscenter', 'Grev Turegatan', 'Monday 24April', 'Wednesday 26 April', 'regular mail', 'voting list', 'Such re-registration', 'Wednesday 26April', 'legal entities', 'longer period', 'five years', 'Monday 24 April', 'economic situation', 'two persons', 'Eastnine group', 'deputy auditors', 'share register', 'due time', 'one year', 'one vote', 'The Company', 'proxy forms', 'Admission cards', 'audit work', ""auditors' report"", 'two assistants', 'Nominee-registered shares', '22,370,261 registered shares', 'remuneration report', 'telephone number', 'Board members', '13.00 Admission', '10 Registration', 'Shareholders', 'publ', 'reg.', 'notice', 'AGM', 'CET', 'Stockholm', 'seminar', 'Program', 'coffee/tea', 'extent', '15.00 Break', 'intention', 'participation', 'email', 'Box', 'name', 'address', 'shareholding', 'attendance', 'representatives', 'advance', 'powers', 'attorney', 'preparation', 'order', 'Proxies', 'original', 'certificate', 'wording', 'website', 'annual-general-meetings', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'votes', 'total', 'Right', 'information', 'matters', 'agenda', 'Chapter', 'Section32', 'entry', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Decision', 'Presentation', 'connection', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'disposition', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'authorization', '46', '162,515']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,privataaffarer.se
21518,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-lifco-ab-1680080400,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Lifco AB,In order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  shareholders who have trustee-registered their shares must  in addition to notify their intention to participate in the meeting  re-register the shares with Euroclear Sweden AB in their own name ,"Right to attendShareholders who wish to attend the AGM must be recorded in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 20 April 2023. In addition  shareholders must notify the Company of their intention to participate in the meeting not later than Monday 24 April 2023.In order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  shareholders who have trustee-registered their shares must  in addition to notify their intention to participate in the meeting  re-register the shares with Euroclear Sweden AB in their own name  so that the shareholder is entered in the share register as per 20 April 2023. Such registration  which may be temporary (so called voting rights registration)  is to be requested with the trustee in accordance with the trustee's routines at such time in advance as decided by the trustee. Voting rights registrations made not later than the second banking day following 20 April 2023 will be taken into account in the production of the share register.Notice of attendanceNotice of attendance shall be made in one of the following ways:on Lifco's website lifco.se/arsstamma;by telephone +46 (0)8-402 92 82; orin writing to Lifco AB  Attn: ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden.The notice shall state name  address  telephone number  personal or corporate identity number  number of shares held and  if applicable  the number of advisors (not more than two). Registered participants will receive an entrance card to the meeting by post.Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a dated and signed power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued on behalf of a legal entity  a certified copy of a registration certificate or corresponding document shall be appended  which indicates the authorized signatories of the legal entity. The original power of attorney and  where applicable  the certificate should be submitted to the Company at the address indicated above well in advance of the meeting. Proxy forms are provided at the website lifco.se/arsstamma  and will be sent to shareholders that so request.Proposal for agenda1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation7. Presentation ofa. the Annual Report and the Auditor's Reportb. the Consolidated Accounts and the Group Auditor's Reportc. the statement by the auditor on compliance of the Guidelines for Remuneration to Senior Executives applicable since last AGMd. the Board's proposal for distribution of the Company's profit and the Board's reasoned statement thereon8. Report on the work of the Board of Directors  including the work and functions of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee9. The CEO's report10. Resolution regarding the adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet11. Resolution regarding dispositions in respect of the Company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet12. Resolution regarding discharge from liability for the Board of Directors and the CEO13. Establishment of the number of board members and auditors14. Establishment of fees to the Board of Directors (including fees for work in Committees) and the auditor15. Election of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Boarda. Re-election of Carl Bennet;b. Re-election of Ulrika Dellby;c. Re-election of Annika Espander;d. Re-election of Dan Frohm;e. Re-election of Erik Gabrielson;f. Re-election of Ulf Grunander;g. Re-election of Caroline af Ugglas;h. Re-election of Axel Wachtmeister;i. Re-election of Per Waldemarson;j. Re-election of Carl Bennet as Chairman of the Board16. Election of auditor17. Resolution regarding principles for the Nomination Committee 's appointment and instructions for the Nomination Committee18. Resolution to approve the Board of Directors' remuneration report19. The Board of Directors' proposal regarding amendment of the articles of association20. Closing of the MeetingProposals by the Nomination Committee (items 2 and 13-16)The Nomination Committee in respect of the 2023 AGM consists of Carl Bennet (Carl Bennet AB)  Chairman  Jannis Kitsakis (the Fourth National Swedish Pension Fund)  Frank Larsson (SHB Fonder & Liv)  Javiera Ragnartz (SEB Fonder & Liv) and Jörgen Wärmlöv (Spiltan Fonder).The Nomination Committee has proposed the following:Chairman of the AGM: The Chairman of the Board  Carl Bennet  shall be elected Chairman of the AGM.Board of Directors: The number of board members elected by the General Meeting shall be nine  with no deputies. As board members  re-election shall be made of Carl Bennet  Ulrika Dellby  Annika Espander  Dan Frohm  Erik Gabrielson  Ulf Grunander  Caroline af Ugglas  Axel Wachtmeister and Per Waldemarson. Carl Bennet is to be re-elected Chairman of the Board.Information concerning all members proposed for re-election is available on the company's website lifco.se (https://www.lifco.se/).Board and committee fees: Fees for the Board of Directors  excluding fees for Board Committees  shall be paid in a total amount of SEK 6 296 940  of which SEK 1 399 320 to the Chairman and SEK 699 660 to each of the other Board members elected by the General Meeting who are not employees of the Group. Fees for work in the Audit Committee shall be paid in an amount of SEK 277 380 for the Committee Chairman and SEK 138 690 for each of the other members. Fees for work in the Remuneration Committee shall be paid in an amount of SEK 149 040 for the Committee Chairman and SEK 92 115 for each of the other members.Auditor: The Company is to have one auditor  with no deputies. The registered auditing firm  PricewaterhouseCoopers AB  shall be re-elected as auditor for the period up until the end of the annual general meeting of shareholders in 2024. The Authorised Public Accountant Cecilia Andrén Dorselius is intended to be Auditor-in-Charge. Remuneration of the auditor is to be paid according to approved account.The proposal regarding the auditors is in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation.Dividend (item 11)The Board of Directors and the CEO propose that the AGM resolves on a dividend of SEK 1.80 per share for the financial year 2022 and that the record date for the dividend shall be Wednesday 3 May 2023. If the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal  it is expected that the dividend will be disbursed by Euroclear Sweden on Monday 8 May 2023. The last day for trading in the Lifco share including the right to dividend is Friday 28 April 2023.Principles for the Nomination Committee's appointment and instructions for the Nomination Committee (item 17)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following principles for the appointment of and instructions for the Nomination Committee:The Nomination Committee ahead of the AGM shall consist of representatives of the four largest shareholders in terms of votes based on a list of owner-registered shareholders from Euroclear Sweden AB or other reliable shareholder information as per the last banking day in August the year before the Annual General Meeting plus the Chairman of the Board. In addition  a representative of the minority shareholders who is independent of the company and its major shareholders shall be included as a member of the Nomination Committee  if the Chairman of the Board in consultation with a representative of the largest shareholder in terms of voting rights finds it appropriate. The Chairman of the Board shall convene the first meeting of the Nomination Committee.The member who represents the largest shareholder in terms of voting rights shall be appointed Chairman of the Nomination Committee. If  earlier than two months before the AGM  one or more shareholders who have appointed a Nomination Committee member no longer belong to the five largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  the member/s appointed by this/these owner/s shall make their place/s available and the shareholder/s who is (are) now one of the five largest shareholders in terms of voting rights will be entitled to appoint its/their representative/s. If significant changes have occurred in the ownership conditions of the minority shareholder who has appointed a representative and should the Nomination Committee find this appropriate  another minority shareholder shall be contacted and this shareholder will be entitled to appoint a representative or  alternatively  the Nomination Committee's work will continue without appointing a new representative of the minority shareholders. If a member leaves the Nomination Committee before its work has been completed and the Nomination Committee finds it desirable to appoint a replacement  such a replacement is to be sought from the same shareholder or  if this shareholder no longer belongs to the largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  from shareholders who are next in turn in respect of size  or if a representative of the minority shareholders is leaving the Nomination Committee  a replacement is to be sought from the same shareholder or another minority shareholder. Changes in the composition of the Nomination Committee must be published immediately.The composition of the Nomination Committee is to be announced not later than six months before the AGM. No remuneration is to be paid to members of the Nomination Committee. Any necessary overhead expenses for work on the Nomination Committee will be defrayed by the company. The Nomination Committee's term of office extends until the time that the composition of the following Nomination Committee has been announced. The Nomination Committee must take into account the stipulations of the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code when conducting its work and making its proposals. The Nomination Committee shall present ahead of the AGM proposals concerning Chairman of the AGM  the number of AGM-elected Board members  Chairman of the Board  other AGM-elected Board members  number of auditors  the auditor/s  Board fees divided among the Chairman and other Board members  as well as remuneration for Committee work  remuneration of the company's auditor and  when applicable  any changes in the proposals for principles for the Nomination Committee.These principles for the Nomination Committee are proposed to apply until a resolution regarding change of the principles is resolved by the general meeting.The Board of Directors' proposal for amendment of the articles of association (item 19)In order to enable the shareholders to exercise their right to vote by post prior to a general meeting  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to insert a new provision in the Company's articles of association as set forth below (whereby subsequent provisions are re-numbered).§ 12 The Board of Directors has the right prior to a general meeting to decide that shareholders shall be able to vote by post prior to the general meeting.Documents and other informationThe annual report and other supporting resolution documentation will be held available at Lifco's premises at Verkmästaregatan 1 in Enköping  Sweden  and on the Company's website lifco.se (https://www.lifco.se/)  not later than three weeks prior to the meeting. The documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and specify their postal address. Shareholders are reminded of their right to request information under Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.The register of shareholders for the meeting will be held available at Lifco's premises at the address indicated above.There are in total 454 216 300 shares in Lifco  entitling to 727 634 950 votes. Of these shares  30 379 850 are class A shares with ten votes per share and 423 836 450 are class B shares with one vote per share. The Company holds no treasury shares.For information about processing of your personal data  reference is made to the integrity policy available at Euroclear Sweden AB's webpage https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Lifco's registered office is in Enköping  Sweden.___________________Enköping  March 2023The Board of Directors of Lifco AB (publ)For more information please contact:Åse LindskogMedia and investor relations managerPhone +46 730 244 872  e-mail ir@lifco.seAbout LifcoLifco offers a safe haven for small and medium-sized businesses. Lifco's business concept is to acquire and develop market-leading niche businesses with the potential to deliver sustainable earnings growth and robust cash flows. Lifco is guided by a clear philosophy centred on long-term growth  a focus on profitability and a strongly decentralised organisation. The Group has three business areas: Dental  Demolition & Tools and Systems Solutions. At year-end 2022  the Lifco Group consisted of 211 operating companies in 30 countries. In 2022  Lifco reported EBITA of SEK 4.7 billion on net sales of SEK 21.6 billion. The EBITA margin was 21.6 per cent. Read more at www.lifco.se.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Lifco AB', 'Notice', 'Fourth National Swedish Pension Fund', 'Jörgen Wärmlöv', 'second banking day', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate identity number', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'Carl Bennet AB', 'Consolidated Income Statement', 'The Nomination Committee', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'voting list', 'Consolidated Accounts', 'Such registration', 'Lifco AB', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'following ways', 'Registered participants', 'entrance card', 'legal entity', 'certified copy', 'corresponding document', 'authorized signatories', 'two persons', 'Senior Executives', 'Ulrika Dellby', 'Annika Espander', 'Dan Frohm', 'Erik Gabrielson', 'Ulf Grunander', 'Axel Wachtmeister', 'Per Waldemarson', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'Frank Larsson', 'SHB Fonder', 'Javiera Ragnartz', 'SEB Fonder', 'Spiltan Fonder', 'registration certificate', 'share register', 'signed power', 'original power', 'Thursday 20 April', 'Monday 24 April', 'state name', 'Annual Report', 'The CEO', 'Proxy forms', 'board members', 'Board a.', 'The Board', 'Group Auditor', 'last AGM', 'General Meeting', 'telephone number', ""Directors' proposal"", '2023 AGM', 'Shareholders', 'addition', 'Company', 'intention', 'order', 'shares', 'trustee', 'accordance', 'routines', 'time', 'advance', 'production', 'Notice', 'attendance', 'website', 'writing', 'Attn', 'SE-101', 'Stockholm', 'address', 'personal', 'advisors', 'post', 'attorney', 'behalf', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'compliance', 'rules', 'convocation', 'Presentation', 'Guidelines', 'distribution', 'profit', 'work', 'functions', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'dispositions', 'respect', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Establishment', 'auditors', 'fees', 'Committees', 'Caroline', 'Ugglas', 'principles', 'appointment', 'instructions', 'amendment', 'articles', 'association', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'items', 'Liv', 'deputies', 'Information', '10.']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,privataaffarer.se
21519,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/23/03/n31542583/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab-publ,Notice to the Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB (publ) - Hexagon (OTC:HXGBF),The shareholders of Hexagon AB are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 16:00 CET on Tuesday 2 May 2023  at IVA Conference Center  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm. STOCKHOLM ,"The shareholders of Hexagon AB are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 16:00 CET on Tuesday 2 May 2023  at IVA Conference Center  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm.STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the company's Articles of Association  decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the General Meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.A. PARTICIPATION IN PERSON OR BY PROXYShareholders who wish to attend the AGM must:firstly   be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 21 April 2023  andsecondly   notify the company of their attendance no later than Tuesday 25 April 2023  according to the instructions below.Notice of attendance to the Annual General Meeting can be given on Hexagon's website  www.hexagon.com  or by post to: Hexagon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 8-402 92 21  on 25 April 2023 at the latest.When giving notice of attendance  the shareholder must state their name  personal identity number/corporate identity number  address  telephone number (daytime) and shareholding.For shareholders who wish to be represented by a proxy  an original proxy to act on behalf of the shareholder should be attached to the notice of attendance. A proxy form will be available on the company's website www.hexagon.com and will be sent by post to shareholders that contact the company and state their address. Representatives of a legal entity should also send a copy of the registration certificate or similar documentation of authorisation.B. PARTICIPATION BY POSTAL VOTINGShareholders may exercise their voting rights through postal voting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting must:firstly   be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 21 April 2023  andsecondly   notify the company by submitting a postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Tuesday 25 April 2023.A special form must be used for the postal vote. The postal voting form is available on the company's website www.hexagon.com. A separate notification to the Annual General Meeting is not required as the postal voting form willbe considered as a notification. Completed and signed postal voting forms can be sent by mail to Hexagon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Completed and signed forms must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 25 April 2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy  by 25 April 2023 at the latest.Shareholders may not submit special instructions or conditions with the postal vote. In such cases  the entire postal vote will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy.If the shareholder submits the postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's website www.hexagon.com and will be sent on request to shareholders who state their postal address. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Please note that shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must notify the company in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Participation in person or by proxy"" above. A notification of participation by postal voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy.C. NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESTo participate in the AGM  shareholders with nominee-registered shares must – in addition to notification to the company of their attendance or submission of a postal vote – request their bank or broker to have the shares owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB  in order for the shareholder to be recorded in the share register. Such re-registration must be made by 21 April 2023 and the nominee should be notified in due time before this date. Re-registration requested by the shareholder in such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than 25 April 2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.D. AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGProposal for agenda1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of two persons to check the minutes.6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation.7. Address by the President.8. Presentation of(a) the annual report and the auditors' report  as well as the consolidated financial report and auditors' report on the consolidated financial report for the financial year 2022 (b) a statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives that have applied since the preceding Annual General Meeting  and(c) the proposal of the Board of Directors for the dividend and statement thereon.9. Resolutions concerning(a) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  all as per 31 December 2022 (b) disposition of the Company's profit as set forth in the balance sheet adopted by the Meeting and the record date for dividend distribution  and(c) discharge of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from personal liability.10. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors.11. Determination of the fees to be paid to the board members and auditors.12. Election of board members and auditors.13. Election of members of the Nomination Committee.14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report.15. Resolution on a performance based long term incentive programme(Share Programme 2023/2026)16. Authorization for the Board of Directors on acquisition and transfer of own shares.17. Authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants.18. Closing of the Meeting.Proposals for resolutionsElection of Chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee elected in anticipation of the 2023 Annual General Meeting  comprising Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Liselott Ledin (Alecta) and Anders Oscarsson (AMF and AMF Fonder) has proposed that Gun Nilsson be elected Chairman of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Proposal for resolution on dividend (item 9 b)For the financial year 2022  the Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.12 per share be declared. Thursday 4 May 2023 is proposed as the record date for the right to receive dividend. If the Annual General Meeting so resolves  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting on Thursday 11 May 2023. Payment is made in EUR  provided that EUR can be received by the shareholder's yield account; if not  payment will be distributed in SEK  whereby currency exchange is made in accordance with Euroclear Sweden AB's applicable procedures.Proposals regarding election of board members and auditor and fees (items 10-12)The Nomination Committee proposes the following:The number of Board Members shall be seven  without deputies.Directors' fees shall be paid as follows: SEK 2 200 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 690 000 to each of the other Board Members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the company. As remuneration for committee work  the chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 85 000 and each member of the Remuneration Committee SEK 60 000 and the chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive SEK 325 000 and member of the Audit Committee SEK 250 000 .to the Chairman of the Board and to each of the other Board Members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the company. As remuneration for committee work  the chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive and each member of the Remuneration Committee and the chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive and member of the Audit Committee . Re-election of Board Members Ola Rollén  Gun Nilsson  John Brandon   Sofia Schörling Högberg  Märta Schörling Andreen  Brett Watson and Erik Huggers as ordinary Board Members. Ulrika Francke   Henrik Henriksson and Patrick Söderlund have declined re-election.  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Märta Schörling Andreen  and Erik Huggers as ordinary Board Members.   and Patrick Söderlund have declined re-election. New election of Ola Rollén as the Chairman of the Board.Re-election of auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the company's auditor for a period of one year  i.e.  until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  whereby it is noted that the auditing firm has notified that the authorised public accountant Bo Karlsson will be appointed principally responsible auditor.will be appointed principally responsible auditor. Fees to auditor shall be payable according to contract.Proposal for election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 13)Shareholders representing in total approximately 52 per cent of the number of votes in the company recommend that the AGM resolves as follows regarding the Nomination Committee in respect of the AGM 2024:The Nomination Committee shall have four members.Re-election of Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder) and Liselott Ledin (Alecta)  and new election of Brett Watson (Infor) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Chairman of the Board shall be co-opted to the Nomination Committee.(Melker Schörling AB)  (Swedbank Robur fonder) and (Alecta)  and new election of (Infor) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Chairman of the Board shall be co-opted to the Nomination Committee. Re-election of Mikael Ekdahl as Chairman of the Nomination Committee.as Chairman of the Nomination Committee. In case a shareholder  whom a member of the Nomination Committee represents  is no longer one of the major shareholders of Hexagon  or if a member of the Nomination Committee is no longer employed by such shareholder  or for any other reason leaves the Committee before the Annual General Meeting 2024  the Committee shall be entitled to appoint another representative among the major shareholders to replace such member.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Director's report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Proposal for resolution on a performance based long term incentive programme (Share Programme 2023/2026) (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolves on implementation of a performance based long-term share programme for 2023 (""Share Programme 2023/2026"") for the group management  division managers  senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group as follows.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of Share Programme 2023/2026 is to strengthen the Hexagon Group's ability to retain and recruit competent employees  provide competitive remuneration and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based incentive programme  the employees' remuneration is tied to the company's earnings and value growth and creates long-term incentives for the programme participants. In light of the above  the Board of Directors believes that the implementation of Share Programme 2023/2026 may have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group and  consequently  that Share Programme 2023/2026 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Participants in Share Programme 2023/2026 and allocationShare Programme 2023/2026 is proposed to include a maximum of approximately2 000 senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group  who are divided into five groups: the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  group management (""Group 2"")  division managers (""Group 3"") and other senior executives and key employees (""Group 4"" and ""Group 5""). Invitation to participate in the programme shall be provided by Hexagon no later than 30 June 2023. Participation in Share Programme 2023/2026 requires that the participant has been employed by the Hexagon Group for at least twelve (12) months prior to the date of the offer.Participants are offered to be allocated performance awards that may entitle to Series B shares according to the conditions set out below. The performance awards shall be based on a maximum value for each participant category. The maximum value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 2 50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 3 and Group 4  100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  and for participants in Group 5  35 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022. The total sum of the maximum values of the performance awards thus defined for all participants will not exceed EUR 60 million  including social costs.The share price used to calculate the number of shares to which the performance awards entitles will be the volume-weighted average of the market price of Hexagon Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of five (5) trading days before the day the participants are offered to participate in the programme.Performance conditionAllocated performance awards entitle to the receipt of Series B shares in the company provided that the performance condition related to the development of Hexagon's earnings per share[1] compared to the target level set by the Board of Directors during the measurement period 1 January 2023 until 31 December 2026 are fulfilled  where the last financial year during the measurement period is compared with the financial year preceding the measurement period  with reservation for any reduction in the number of shares in accordance with the terms of Share Programme 2023/2026. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfillment of the performance-based condition in the annual report for the financial year 2026.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.Performance awards shall be granted free of charge after the Annual General Meeting.Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share in the company free of charge approximately four (4) years after allotment of the award (vesting period)  provided that the above performance condition has been met and that the holder  at the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2027 still is employed by the Hexagon Group. Exemptions to the requirement of employment may be granted in specific cases  including a participant's disability or retirement.The Board of Directors shall have the opportunity to make adjustments as a result of extraordinary events such as bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other similar events.The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The performance awards can be granted by the company or any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions and administration of Share Programme 2023/2026  in accordance with the above mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments  including for example a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares  if significant changes in the Hexagon Group  or its operational environment  would  as assessed by the Board of Directors  result in a situation where the established terms and conditions for Share Programme 2023/2026 no longer are appropriate or reasonable.In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the delivery of shares under Share Programme 2023/2026 cannot be achieved at a reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make appropriate local adjustments to the programme or instead offer participants a cash settlement.Scope and costs of the programmeProvided that the share price for the company's Series B share at the time of allotment of performance awards under Share Programme 2023/2026 is SEK 111.80[2]  Share Programme 2023/2026 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise maximum 5 468 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.2 per cent of the total outstanding shares in the company.Provided that the performance condition is fully met  the total costs for Share Programme 2023/2026 in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  is estimated to a maximum of approximately EUR 60 million  allocated over the vesting period. Estimated social costs and administration costs for the programme are included in the amount.In the event that the total costs of Share Programme 2023/2026 would exceed EUR 60 million  the total number of allocated Series B shares in Hexagon will be reduced so that the total costs of Share Programme 2023/2026 will not exceed this amount. Such reduction will be made pro rata in relation to the highest value for each participant category in accordance with the above.Delivery of shares under Share Programme 2023/2026To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under Share Programme 2023/2026  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  under which the third party shall  in its own name  acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with Share Programme 2023/2026.Preparation of the proposalShare Programme 2023/2026 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Hexagon and has been structured in consultation with external advisers. Share Programme 2023/2026 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings with the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programmes in HexagonFor a description of Hexagon's other incentive programmes  Share Programme 2020/2023  Share Programme 2021/2024 and Share Programme 2022/2025  please see the company's Annual Report 2022  note 30  and the company's website www.hexagon.com. In addition to the programmes described therein  there are no other long term incentive programmes in Hexagon.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors on acquisition and transfer of own shares (item 16)Hexagon has previously  on the basis of authorization by the General Meeting  acquired own Series B shares for the purpose of using repurchased shares to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure  to finance potential company acquisitions  and as a hedge for the company's share-based incentive programmes. As of 1 January 2023  the company held 15 800 000 own Series B shares  corresponding to approximately 0.6 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it remains advantageous for the company to continue to be able to use repurchased shares in order to adjust the company's capital structure  on account of potential company acquisitions and for the company's share-based incentive programmes.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on acquisition and transfer of Series B shares in the company. Acquisition of shares may be made at a maximum of Series B shares so that the company's holding does not exceed ten (10) per cent of all shares in the company at that time. Acquisitions of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of Series B shares may be made at a maximum of ten (10) per cent of the total number of shares in the company. A transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Compensation for transferred shares can be paid in cash  through an issue in kind or a set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors.The purpose of the authorizations is (i) to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  (ii) to enable acquisition opportunities by financing acquisitions with the company's own shares  and (iii) to ensure the company's undertakings  due to share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants in incentive programs)  including social security costs.The resolution according to this item requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors during the period up until the next AGM to  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions  resolve to issue Series B shares  convertibles and/or warrants (with rights to subscribe for or convert into Series B shares). By resolutions in accordance with the authorization  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time when the Board of Directors first uses the authorization.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for a potential deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights as set out above  is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  issues by virtue of the authorisation shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall also be authorized to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board of Directors to carry out the issues.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Managing Director  or anyone appointed by the Managing Director  shall have the right to make any adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw: Bolagsverket).The resolution according to this item requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.E. AVAILABLE DOCUMENTSThe Annual Report and the auditor's statement as well as the auditors'statement regarding whether the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives have been complied with  the Board of Director's remuneration report  the Board of Director's complete proposal concerning items 15-17 together with related documents  as well as the Board of Director's statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act will be kept available for the shareholders at the company's headquarters in Stockholm no later than Tuesday 11 April 2023. Copies of the documents will be sent to those shareholders who request to receive such information and who have provided their address and will be available at the company's website www.hexagon.com and at the Annual General Meeting.F. SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT TO RECEIVE INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall  if requested by a shareholder and the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without material damage to the company  provide information regarding issues that (i) may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda (ii) circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position or information concerning (iii) the company's relation with other companies within the group. Shareholders may send questions in advance by mail to Hexagon AB (publ)  Box 3692  SE-103 59 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to bolagsstamma@hexagon.com .G. NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 2 705 477 888 of which 110 250 000 are shares of Series A (with 10 votes per share)  and 2 595 227 888 are shares of Series B (with 1 vote per share). The total number of votes in the company amounts to 3 697 727 888. Hexagon AB (publ) holds 15 800 000 of its own Series B shares  corresponding to an equal number of votes  for which the company cannot exercise voting rights.H. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in March 2023The Board of DirectorsHexagon AB (publ)[1] Earnings per share is defined as the company's earnings per share after tax and dilution  excluding non-recurring items.[2] Corresponding to the closing price on 24 March 2023 for Hexagon's Series B share on Nasdaq Stockholm.For further information  please contact:Tom Hull  Head of Investor Relations  +44 7442 678 437  ir@hexagon.comAnton Heikenström  Investor Relations Manager  Hexagon AB  +46 8 601 26 26  ir@hexagon.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/387/3742480/1948915.pdf Notice to Annual General Meeting 2023View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab-publ-301784277.htmlSOURCE Hexagon",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hexagon AB', 'Notice', 'HXGBF', 'IVA Conference Center', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'telephone number', 'Hexagon AB', 'special form', 'voting rights', 'Tuesday 2 May', 'Grev Turegatan', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'similar documentation', 'dated power', 'proxy form', 'registration certificate', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'postal address', 'Such re-registration', 'due time', 'D. AGENDA', 'Friday 21 April', 'Tuesday 25 April', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'original proxy', 'A. PARTICIPATION', 'separate notification', 'legal person', 'forms', 'shareholders', 'AGM', '16:00 CET', 'Stockholm', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'attendance', 'Notice', 'website', 'name', 'daytime', 'shareholding', 'behalf', 'Representatives', 'copy', 'authorisation', 'B.', 'accordance', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Completed', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'cases', 'written', 'attorney', 'request', 'heading', 'C.', 'addition', 'submission', 'broker', 'order', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', '101']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,benzinga.com
21520,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,UMB tech chief Uma Wilson weighs in on real-time payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/an51uSg8Pa #regtech,nan,UMB tech chief Uma Wilson weighs in on real-time payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/an51uSg8Pa #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['UMB tech chief Uma Wilson', 'real-time payments', 'UMB tech chief Uma Wilson', 'real-time payments']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21521,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/ZW0rAst2pD,nan,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/ZW0rAst2pD,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103', 'ZW0rAst2pD', 'Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103', 'ZW0rAst2pD']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21522,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105890908/ETC-Group-To-Launch-The-First-Digital-Asset-ETP-Based-On-An-MSCI-INDEX,ETC Group To Launch The First Digital Asset ETP Based On An MSCI INDEX,The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list as early as April on Deutsche Börse Xetra under its planned primary ticker“DA20” The ETP will be physically-backed  with digital assets kept in cold storage custody 29 March ,"ETC GROUP TO LAUNCH THE FIRSTDIGITAL ASSET ETP BASED ON AN MSCI INDEXThis is the first crypto ETP to launch based on an MSCI indexThe ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index  with quarterly rebalancingThe ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list as early as April on Deutsche Börse Xetra under its planned primary ticker“DA20”The ETP will be physically-backed  with digital assets kept in cold storage custody29 March  2023 . London  UK - ETC Group ( )  Europe's leading provider of digital asset-backed securities  has announced today that it will list the first crypto ETP based on an MSCI index. The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list on Germany's Deutsche Börse XETRA in April.The ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index. The index  which was developed by MSCI with ETC Group's input  was launched in early March this year  and represents the 20 leading digital assets. These currently include cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC)  Ethereum (ETH)  and Solana (SOL). Each individual constituent of the index is capped at a maximum of 30 percent. Stablecoins  privacy tokens and meme-coins  are excluded from the index universe.Like other ETC Group products  the ETP will be physically-backed and the underlying digital assets will be deposited in cold storage custody  in accordance with the index composition and weighting.Tim Bevan  Co-CEO and Founder of ETC Group  commented “We are very proud to issue this new benchmark ETP. Tracking twenty constituents  this is the first genuine broad market index ETP in this exciting new asset class providing the ideal asset allocation tool to investors.”Bradley Duke  Co-CEO and Founder added  ""This product signals the evolution of ETC Group's product offering from single asset access products toward products that provide investment management solutions while retaining the same uncompromising standards in quality and investor security.”Stephane Mattatia  Head of Thematic Indexes at MSCI said “The digital assets ecosystem is evolving rapidly and investor demand for access to this new asset class is growing. MSCI Digital Assets Indexes are developed with a systematic and process-oriented approach to help global investors gain transparency into this long-term  disruptive trend and enable them to make better investment decisions.”The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP can  once listed  be bought and sold like shares or ETFs via the regulated stock exchange. All that is required is a standard securities account with a broker or bank. Liquidity in trading of the ETPs is ensured by authorised participants and market makers.Cryptocurrencies are highly volatile  and your capital is at risk.Information contained in this press release is not  and under no circumstances is to be construed as  an advertisement or any other step in furtherance of a public offering to retail investors in the United Kingdom  or a public offering in the United States or Canada  or any state  province or territory thereof  where neither the issuer nor its products are authorised or registered for distribution or sale and where no prospectus of the issuer has been filed with any securities regulator. Full Disclaimer:- E NDS -Notes for EditorsAbout ETC Group ( )ETC Group has been created to provide investors with the tools to access the investment opportunities of the digital assets' and blockchain ecosystem. The company develops innovative digital asset-backed securities including ETC Group Physical Bitcoin (BTCE) and ETC Group Physical Ethereum (ZETH) which are listed on European exchanges including XETRA  Euronext  SIX  AQUIS UK and Wiener Börse.With a track record of over three years  ETC Group is made up of an exceptional team of financial services professionals and entrepreneurs with experience spanning both digital assets and regulated markets. With product quality and safety at the core of our product creation approach  we aim to continuously launch best-in-class institutional-grade exchange traded products.As a company  we have previously launched the world's first centrally cleared Bitcoin exchange traded product on Deutsche Börse XETRA  the largest ETF trading venue in Europe  and have also launched Europe ́s first Metaverse ETF together with HANetf.Trading Information",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.03,0.48,True,English,"['First Digital Asset ETP', 'ETC Group', 'MSCI INDEX', 'The', 'first genuine broad market index ETP', 'The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets', 'ideal asset allocation tool', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'MSCI Global Digital Assets', 'institutional-grade exchange traded products', 'innovative digital asset-backed securities', 'MSCI Digital Assets Indexes', 'largest ETF trading venue', 'ETC Group Physical Bitcoin', 'exciting new asset class', 'ETC Group Physical Ethereum', 'Bitcoin exchange traded product', 'single asset access products', 'other ETC Group products', 'underlying digital assets', 'Wiener Börse', '20 leading digital assets', 'digital assets ecosystem', 'first Metaverse ETF', 'regulated stock exchange', 'AN MSCI INDEX', 'cold storage custody', 'same uncompromising standards', 'long-term, disruptive trend', 'standard securities account', 'financial services professionals', 'new benchmark ETP', 'Top 20 Capped Index', 'first crypto ETP', 'investment management solutions', 'product creation approach', 'The ETP', 'market makers', 'Thematic Indexes', 'other step', 'securities regulator', 'global investors', 'leading provider', 'index universe', 'index composition', 'process-oriented approach', 'blockchain ecosystem', 'regulated markets', 'product offering', 'investment decisions', 'investment opportunities', 'quarterly rebalancing', 'primary ticker', 'individual constituent', 'privacy tokens', 'Tim Bevan', 'twenty constituents', 'Bradley Duke', 'investor security', 'Stephane Mattatia', 'investor demand', 'authorised participants', 'press release', 'public offering', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Full Disclaimer', 'E NDS', 'European exchanges', 'track record', 'three years', 'exceptional team', 'product quality', 'Trading Information', 'early March', 'retail investors', 'AQUIS UK', '20 ETP', '29 March', 'LAUNCH', 'performance', 'April', 'DA20', 'London', 'Germany', 'input', 'cryptocurrencies', 'BTC', 'Solana', 'maximum', '30 percent', 'Stablecoins', 'meme-coins', 'accordance', 'weighting', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'evolution', 'Head', 'systematic', 'transparency', 'shares', 'ETFs', 'broker', 'bank', 'Liquidity', 'ETPs', 'capital', 'risk', 'circumstances', 'advertisement', 'furtherance', 'Canada', 'province', 'territory', 'issuer', 'distribution', 'sale', 'prospectus', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'tools', 'company', 'ZETH', 'Euronext', 'SIX', 'entrepreneurs', 'experience', 'safety', 'core', 'world', 'HANetf']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,menafn.com
21523,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://portfolio-adviser.com/etc-group-to-roll-out-first-msci-digital-asset-index-etp/,ETC Group to roll out first MSCI digital asset index ETP,The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is set to list on Germany’s Deutsche Börse XETRA in April. The ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index. The index was developed by MSCI with ETC Group ...,Photo by Art Rachen on UnsplashETC Group is to list the first digital asset exchange-traded product (ETP) based on an MSCI index. The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is set to list on Germany’s Deutsche Börse XETRA in April.The ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index. The index was developed by MSCI with ETC Group’s input and launched in March this year. It represents 20 of the largest digital assets by market cap.The crypto assets tracked include Bitcoin (BTC)  Ethereum (ETH)  and Solana (SOL). Each individual constituent of the index is capped at a maximum of 30%. Stablecoins  privacy tokens and ‘meme-coins’  are excluded from the index.The ETP will be ‘physically-backed ’ with the underlying digital assets deposited in cold storage custody  in accordance with the index composition and weighting.Stephane Mattatia  head of thematic indexes at MSCI  commented: “The digital assets ecosystem is evolving rapidly and investor demand for access to this new asset class is growing. MSCI Digital Assets Indexes are developed with a systematic and process-oriented approach to help global investors gain transparency into this long-term  disruptive trend and enable them to make better investment decisions.”Tim Bevan  co-CEO and founder of ETC Group  said: “We are very proud to issue this new benchmark ETP. Tracking 20 constituents  this is the first genuine broad market index ETP in this exciting new asset class providing the ideal asset allocation tool to investors.”,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['first MSCI digital asset index', 'ETC Group', 'ETP', 'first genuine broad market index ETP', 'first digital asset exchange-traded product', 'The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets', 'Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'ideal asset allocation tool', 'exciting new asset class', 'MSCI Global Digital Assets', 'MSCI Digital Assets Indexes', 'largest digital assets', 'underlying digital assets', 'digital assets ecosystem', 'cold storage custody', 'long-term, disruptive trend', 'new benchmark ETP', 'Top 20 Capped Index', 'market cap', 'The ETP', 'crypto assets', 'MSCI index', 'thematic indexes', 'global investors', 'index composition', 'Art Rachen', 'individual constituent', 'privacy tokens', 'Stephane Mattatia', 'investor demand', 'process-oriented approach', 'investment decisions', 'Tim Bevan', '20 ETP', 'Photo', 'Unsplash', 'Germany', 'April', 'performance', 'input', 'March', 'Bitcoin', 'BTC', 'Ethereum', 'Solana', 'maximum', 'Stablecoins', 'accordance', 'weighting', 'head', 'access', 'systematic', 'transparency', 'CEO', 'founder', '20 constituents']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,portfolio-adviser.com
21524,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/adhoc/EQS-Adhoc-nextmarkets-AG-investment-of-Samara-has-decided-to-liquidate-its-subsidiaries-and-other-assets-n15434258.html,EQS-Adhoc: nextmarkets AG  an investment of Samara  has decided to liquidate its subsidiaries and other assets,AG  an investment of Samara  has decided to liquidate its subsidiaries and other assets and will subsequently propose liquidation at its Annual General Meeting Malta  03.28.2023. The Management Board of nextmarkets AG ,EQS-Ad-hoc: Samara Asset Group p.l.c. / Key word(s): Statement/Insolvencynextmarkets AG  an investment of Samara  has decided to liquidate its subsidiaries and other assets28-March-2023 / 23:31 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Public Disclosure under MAR Article 17Samara Asset Group p.l.c. (Samara)~Formerly Cryptology Asset Group p.l.c. (Cryptology)~Malta  03.28.2023nextmarkets AG  an investment of Samara  has decided to liquidate its subsidiaries and other assets and will subsequently propose liquidation at its Annual General MeetingMalta  03.28.2023. The Management Board of nextmarkets AG  a portfolio company of Samara Asset Group (ISIN: MT0001770107; Ticker: SRAG:GR  Formerly CAP:GR)  has decided today  with the approval of the Supervisory Board  in the light of the challenging situation in the public capital markets and the weakness of the financing market  to sell all subsidiaries and  respectively  their assets  as well as further assets of nextmarkets AG.Following these transactions  the liquidation of nextmarkets AG shall be proposed at the Annual General Meeting of nextmarkets AG.Samara currently holds 37.68% of the shares in nextmarkets AG and has invested a total amount of approximately EUR 14.6 million as deposits and loans in nextmarkets AG. In prior years  Samara has recognized impairments on nextmarkets AG of EUR 5.2 million. The unimpaired value is  therefore  implied to be EUR 9.4 million  consisting of EUR 5.7 million in equity and EUR 3.7 million in convertible loans.The amount of the share of the liquidation proceeds of nextmarkets AG attributable to Samara has not yet been determined. However  the Management Board of Samara assumes that the amount of the acquisition costs of the shares in nextmarkets AG and the amount of the loan granted will not be reached and that Samara could therefore incur a loss of up to the implied carrying value of EUR 9.4 million  according to IFRS accounting.About Samara Asset Group p.l.c.Samara Asset Group (ISIN: MT0001770107; Ticker: SRAG:GR) is a deep-tech powered alternative asset manager with a hyperfocus on alpha-geneRating strategies and Bitcoin. We leverage our robust balance sheet of many of the world’s pre-eminent Bitcoin infrastructure companies  such as B1  Northern Data and Deutsche Digital Assets  to seed emerging asset managers on the Samara Alpha platform and back the world’s best builders in Bitcoin.Media Contact:Samara Asset Group p.l.c.66/67  Beatrice  Amery Street Sliema  SLM 1707  Maltahttps://samara-ag.com/E-mail: info@samara-ag.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['nextmarkets AG', 'other assets', 'EQS-Adhoc', 'investment', 'Samara', 'subsidiaries', 'deep-tech powered alternative asset manager', 'eminent Bitcoin infrastructure companies', 'emerging asset managers', 'Annual General Meeting', 'robust balance sheet', 'public capital markets', 'Cryptology Asset Group', 'Samara Asset Group', 'Samara Alpha platform', 'The Management Board', 'Deutsche Digital Assets', 'EQS Group AG', 'EQS News', 'Supervisory Board', 'Key word', 'inside information', 'Public Disclosure', 'portfolio company', 'challenging situation', 'financing market', 'prior years', 'unimpaired value', 'acquisition costs', 'carrying value', 'IFRS accounting', 'alpha-geneRating strategies', 'Northern Data', 'best builders', 'Media Contact', 'Amery Street', 'nextmarkets AG', 'other assets', 'convertible loans', 'liquidation proceeds', 'total amount', 'Insolvency', 'investment', 'subsidiaries', 'CEST', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Malta', 'Ticker', 'SRAG', 'approval', 'light', 'weakness', 'transactions', 'shares', 'deposits', 'impairments', 'EUR', 'equity', 'loss', 'hyperfocus', 'world', 'Beatrice', 'Sliema', 'SLM', 'mail']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,stock-world.de
21525,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,A great visit to @TPGallery today to see the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 – Exhibition and the… https://t.co/YwatSL5JUA,nan,A great visit to @TPGallery today to see the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 – Exhibition and the… https://t.co/YwatSL5JUA,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'great visit', 'Exhibition', 'YwatSL5JUA', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'great visit', 'Exhibition', 'YwatSL5JUA']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21526,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/company-announcement-2-2023-082800632.html,Company Announcement 2/2023,NOTICE TO CONVENE the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S in liquidation The Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S in liquidation...,Nordic Shipholding A/SNOTICE TO CONVENE the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/Sin liquidationThe Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S in liquidation (CVR no. 76 35 17 16) (the “Company”) is convened to be held onWednesday  19 April 2023  at 10:00 a.m. (CEST)Gorrissen Federspiel  Axel Towers  Axeltorv 2DK-1609 Copenhagen VAgenda:Report on the financial year 2022 Presentation of the annual report 2022 for adoption Grant of discharge to members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management Resolution on the application of the result of the year Presentation of the remuneration report 2022 Appointment of auditors Any other businessComplete proposalsItem 1 – Report on the financial year 2022The report on the financial year 2022 will be presented at the Annual General Meeting  including an account of the ongoing liquidation of the Company.Item 2 – Presentation of the annual report 2022 for adoptionIt is proposed that the general meeting adopts the Company’s annual report for 2022  including the remuneration paid to the Board of Directors for 2022.Item 3 – Grant of discharge to members of the Board of Directors and Executive ManagementIt is proposed that the general meeting grants discharge to members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management.Item 4 – Resolution on the application of the result of the yearIt is proposed that the general meeting approves the proposal on application of the result of the year as stated in the annual report for 2022. The result for the financial year 2022 will be allocated to retained earnings.Item 5 – Presentation of the remuneration report 2022The Company has prepared a remuneration report for the financial year 2022  which is presented to the general meeting. The remuneration report 2022 has been prepared in compliance with applicable rules with a view to further enhance the transparency of the remuneration reporting. The report covers remuneration awarded or due during the financial year 2022 to the Company’s Board of Directors and Executive Management.Story continuesThe remuneration report 2022 is enclosed as appendix 1 and is available on the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Item 6 – Appointment of auditorsIt is proposed that the Company’s current auditor  PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab  be re-elected.--o0o--Adoption requirementsAll proposals on the agenda may be adopted by a simple majority of votes.Share capital and shareholders’ voting rightsThe Company’s share capital amounts to nominally DKK 40 615 840.30 divided into 406 158 403 shares of nominally DKK 0.10. Each share of nominally DKK 0.10 carries one vote.The record date is Wednesday   1 2 April 202 3 .Shareholders holding shares in the Company on the record date  have the right to participate in and vote at the Annual General Meeting. The shares held by the shareholder are calculated on the record date on the basis of entries in the share register and notifications of ownership received by the Company for the purpose of entering into the share register. Furthermore  participation is conditional upon the shareholder obtaining an admission card in time as described below.Admission cardsShareholders wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting must request an admission card.Admission cards may be obtained through Euronext Securities’ website  www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  admission cards may be obtained by contacting Euronext Securities  by telephone +45 43 58 88 66  by email: CPH-investor@euronext.com  or by written enquiry to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  by using the form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Requests for admission cards must be submitted so they are received by Euronext Securities no later than Friday  14 April 2023.ProxyShareholders unable to attend the Annual General Meeting may issue a proxy to the liquidator or a third party. Proxies may be granted electronically at Euronext Securities’ website  www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  a proxy may be granted in writing by using the proxy form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com. The signed form may be submitted to Euronext Securities  at Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  or email: CPH-investor@euronext.com.Proxies must be submitted so they are received by Euronext Securities no later than Friday  14 April 2023.Postal votingShareholders unable to attend the Annual General Meeting may submit their votes by correspondence (i.e. postal vote). Postal votes may be submitted electronically via Euronext Securities’ website www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  a postal vote may be submitted in writing by using the postal vote form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com. The signed postal vote form may be submitted to Euronext Securities  at Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  DK-1402 Copenhagen  or email: CPH-investor@euronext.com.Postal votes must be submitted so they are received by the Euronext Securities no later than Tuesday 18 April 2023  at 12:00 noon (CEST).Additional informationUntil and including the day of the Annual General Meeting  additional information regarding the Annual General Meeting will be available on the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com including the notice with agenda  complete proposals and appendix 1 (remuneration report 2022)  the annual report for 2022 and information on the total number of shares and voting rights on the date of the notice to convene.Questions from the shareholders prior to the Annual General MeetingShareholders may ask questions to the agenda or to documents  etc. to be used at the Annual General Meeting by email: info@nordicshipholding.com.Personal dataFor further information on how the Company collects and processes personal data  reference is made to the Company’s website www.nordicshipholding.com  where information on the Company’s policy on treatment of  and information regarding the protection of personal data is available.RefreshmentsNo refreshments will be served at the Annual General Meeting.Copenhagen  28 March 2023LiquidatorAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.54,0.45,0.01,True,English,"['Company Announcement', 'Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab', 'Nicolai Eigtveds Gade', 'Euronext Securities’ website', 'shareholders’ voting rights', 'postal vote form', '09 Copenhagen V Agenda', 'Executive Management Resolution', 'Postal voting', 'annual report', 'one vote', 'Gorrissen Federspiel', 'Axel Towers', 'other business', 'applicable rules', 'current auditor', 'simple majority', 'record date', 'third party', 'Share capital', 'share register', 'remuneration reporting', 'financial year', 'Postal votes', 'Complete proposals', 'Admission cards', 'The Company', 'ongoing liquidation', 'Adoption requirements', 'proxy form', '10:00 a', 'NOTICE', 'CVR', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'CEST', 'Axeltorv', 'DK', 'Presentation', 'Grant', 'discharge', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'application', 'result', 'Appointment', 'auditors', 'Item', 'account', 'earnings', 'compliance', 'view', 'transparency', 'Story', 'appendix', 'nordicshipholding', '406,158,403 shares', 'basis', 'entries', 'notifications', 'ownership', 'purpose', 'participation', 'time', 'agm', 'telephone', 'email', 'CPH-investor', 'enquiry', 'download', 'Requests', 'Friday', 'liquidator', 'Proxies', 'writing', 'correspondence', '45']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21527,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-financial-report-150700332.html,Annual Financial Report,"IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC (""ICG"") 28 March 2023 Publication of the 2022 Annual Report ICG has today published its 2022 Annual Report and Financial...","IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC (""ICG"")28 March 2023Publication of the 2022 Annual ReportICG has today published its 2022 Annual Report and Financial Statements which may be viewed and downloaded from the Company’s website www.icg.ie.The 2022 Annual Report and Financial Statements  will be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK’s National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at:Euronext Dublin: https://direct.euronext.com/#/oamfilingUK National Storage Mechanism: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanismThe 2022 Annual Report and Financial Statements will be posted to those shareholders who have elected to receive hardcopy communications.END_________________________________________________________________________________Enquiries:Eamonn Rothwell  Chief Executive Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ieDavid Ledwidge  Chief Financial Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ie_________________________________________________________________________________Media enquiries:Q4 Public Relations Tel: +353 1 475 1444 Email: press@q4pr.ie",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC', 'UK National Storage Mechanism', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Q4 Public Relations', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'The 2022 Annual Report', 'Financial Statements', 'hardcopy communications', 'Eamonn Rothwell', 'David Ledwidge', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Media enquiries', 'ICG', 'March', 'Publication', 'Company', 'website', 'inspection', 'fca', 'org', 'nationalstoragemechanism', 'shareholders', 'Tel', 'Email', 'investorrelations', 'press', 'q4pr']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21528,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/spar-nord-explores-potential-issuing-084000250.html,Spar Nord explores the potential for issuing Tier 2 capital,As an element in its ongoing endeavours to optimize the Bank’s capital structure and secure appropriate capital resources  Spar Nord has decided to explore...,Spar Nord Bank A/SAs an element in its ongoing endeavours to optimize the Bank’s capital structure and secure appropriate capital resources  Spar Nord has decided to explore the potential for issuing new Tier 2 capital.In this connection  Spar Nord has mandated Nykredit as Arranger and Nykredit and Spar Nord Bank as Joint Bookrunners to assess market interest for the potential issue.Subject to market conditions and investor feedback  a Tier 2 capital issue in DKK with a term to maturity of 10 years and the option of prepayment at par 5 years after the date of issuance (subject to regulatory approval)  documented with Spar Nord’s EMTN program dated 9 March 2023  listed on Euronext in Dublin may follow.Please direct any questions regarding this release to Rune Brandt Børglum  Head of Investor Relations  on tel. + 45 9634 4236  or by e-mail at rsn@sparnord.dk.Rune Brandt BørglumHead of Investor RelationsAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Spar Nord', 'Tier 2 capital', 'potential', 'Rune Brandt Børglum', 'Spar Nord Bank A', 'appropriate capital resources', 'new Tier 2 capital', 'Tier 2 capital issue', 'Investor Relations Attachment', 'capital structure', 'investor feedback', 'ongoing endeavours', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'market interest', 'potential issue', 'market conditions', 'regulatory approval', 'EMTN program', 'sparnord.dk', 'element', 'connection', 'Nykredit', 'Arranger', 'DKK', 'term', 'maturity', '10 years', 'option', 'prepayment', 'date', 'issuance', 'Euronext', 'Dublin', 'questions', 'release', 'Head', 'tel.', 'mail', 'rsn']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21529,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sword-group-information-number-shares-153500386.html,Sword Group: Information on the Number of Shares and Voting Rights at 28/02/2023,INFORMATION ON THE NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS AT 28/02/2023 Total Number of Shares: 9 544 965 Number of theoretical voting rights: 9 544 965 Number...,Sword GroupINFORMATION ON THE NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS AT 28/02/2023Total Number of Shares: 9 544 965Number of theoretical voting rights: 9 544 965Number of exercisable voting rights: 9 537 574Dividends€1.7 gross per share Pending to be approved by the Annual General MeetingEx-date: 2023 May 2 - Payment: 2023 May 4Calendar26/04/23Publication of 2023 First Quarter Revenue20/07/23Publication of 2023 Second Quarter RevenueAbout Sword GroupSword has 2 700+ IT/Digital & Software specialists present over 5 continents to accompany you in the growth of your organisation in the digital age.As a leader in technological and digital transformation  Sword has a solid reputation in complex IT & business project management.Sword optimises your processes and enhances your data.Market Euronext Paris Compartment BISIN Code FR0004180578ICB 9530 Software & Computer ServicesIndices CAC® Small CAC® Mid & Small CAC® All-Tradable CAC® All-ShareFor more information: investorrelations@sword-group.luSword Group - SE | 2  Rue d'Arlon L-8399 WindhofAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Sword Group', 'Voting Rights', 'Information', 'Number', 'Shares', '28', 'Market Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'Arlon L-8399 Windhof Attachment', 'Indices CAC® Small CAC®', 'Annual General Meeting', '2023 First Quarter Revenue', '2023 Second Quarter Revenue', 'business project management', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Tradable CAC', 'Software specialists', 'digital age', 'digital transformation', 'solid reputation', 'complex IT', 'ISIN Code', 'ICB 9530 Software', 'Computer Services', 'Sword Group', 'Total Number', 'INFORMATION', 'SHARES', '28/02', 'Dividends', 'Ex-date', 'Payment', 'Calendar', 'Publication', '5 continents', 'growth', 'organisation', 'leader', 'technological', 'processes', 'data', 'investorrelations', 'sword-group', 'Rue']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21530,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ahold-delhaize-successfully-priced-inaugural-150700442.html,Ahold Delhaize successfully priced its inaugural Green Bond,Zaandam  the Netherlands  March 28  2023 – Ahold Delhaize (the “Company”) today announced that it successfully priced a €500 million Green Bond  with a term ...,Ahold DelhaizeZaandam  the Netherlands  March 28  2023 – Ahold Delhaize (the “Company”) today announced that it successfully priced a €500 million Green Bond  with a term of 5 years  maturing on April 4  2028.The transaction marks Ahold Delhaize’s inaugural Green Bond issuance and follows its Sustainability Bond issuance in 2019  the €1bn Sustainability-Linked RCF launched in 2020 and refinanced to €1.5bn in 2022  and the Sustainability-Linked Bond issuance in 2021. All these ESG-labelled financings together reinforce the continued alignment of the Company’s funding strategy to its sustainability strategy and overall ESG ambitions.Use of bond proceedsThe bond proceeds will be used to finance and re-finance Ahold Delhaize’s new or existing environmentally friendly assets with a positive measurable environmental impact in the following categories:Green BuildingsRenewable EnergyEnergy EfficiencyClean TransportationPollution Prevention and ControlUpdated Green Finance FrameworkAhold Delhaize has published an updated Green Finance Framework (the “Framework”) structured in accordance with the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles (2021) and Loan Market Association (LMA) Green Loan Principles (2023) to detail the quality of the Eligible Green Projects and the governance process around green finance. The Framework has been reviewed by the external ESG agency Sustainalytics which has provided a positive Second-Party Opinion.The Green Finance Framework and the relative Second Party Opinion are available here.Confirming commitmentJan Ernst de Groot  Chief Sustainability Officer said: “We’re excited to announce the issuance of the first Green Bond and fourth ESG financing instrument for the Company. This transaction confirms Ahold Delhaize’s aspiration to taking up its sustainability challenges and mobilizing its teams to strive to create sustainable value for all its stakeholders. This step supports our updated climate plans announced last year  and allows us to accelerate our contribution to the transition to sustainable food systems.”Pricing of issuanceThe issuance is priced at 99.851 per cent and carries an annual coupon of 3.500 per cent. The notes will settle on April 4  2023 and shall be listed on Euronext Amsterdam. BofA Securities and ING acted as Green Structuring Co-ordinators. BNP Paribas  BofA Securities  Deutsche Bank  Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  ING and Wells Fargo Securities acted as Joint Bookrunners.Story continues- Ends -Cautionary noticeThis communication is not for release  distribution or publication  whether directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part  into or in the United States  Australia  Canada or Japan or any (other) jurisdiction where any of such activities would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction.The offer of bonds referred to in this communication was limited in the EEA and the United Kingdom to qualified investors only. The bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “US Securities Act”) and will also not be registered with any authority competent with respect to securities in any state or other jurisdiction of the United States of America. The bonds may not be offered or sold in the United States of America without either registration of the securities or an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act being applicable.This communication includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words and expressions such as maturing  2028  continued  alignment  strategy  ambitions  will  new  aspiration  strive  accelerate  transition  shall or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements.Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that may cause actual results of Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. (the “Company”) to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include  but are not limited to  the risk factors set forth in the Company’s public filings and other disclosures. Forward-looking statement reflect the current views of the Company’s management and assumptions based on information currently available to the Company’s management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Company does not assume any obligation to update such statements  except as required by law.For more informationPress office Ahold Delhaize: +31 88 6595134 / media.relations@aholddelhaize.comInvestor relations: +31 88 659 5213 / investor.relations@aholddelhaize.comSocial media: Instagram: @Ahold-Delhaize | LinkedIn: @Ahold-Delhaize | Twitter: @AholdDelhaizeAbout Ahold DelhaizeAhold Delhaize is one of the world’s largest food retail groups and a leader in both supermarkets and e-commerce. Its family of great local brands serves 60 million customers each week  both in stores and online  in the United States  Europe  and Indonesia. Together  these brands employ more than 414 000 associates in 7 659 grocery and specialty stores and include the top online retailer in the Benelux and the leading online grocers in the Benelux and the United States. Ahold Delhaize brands are at the forefront of sustainable retailing  sourcing responsibly  supporting local communities and helping customers make healthier choices. The company’s focus on four growth drivers – drive omnichannel growth  elevate healthy and sustainable  cultivate best talent and strengthen operational excellence – is helping to fulfil its purpose  achieve its vision and prepare its brands and businesses for tomorrow. Headquartered in Zaandam  the Netherlands  Ahold Delhaize is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and Brussels stock exchanges (ticker: AD) and its American Depositary Receipts are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. and quoted on the OTCQX International marketplace (ticker: ADRNY). For more information  please visit: www.aholddelhaize.com.,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,mixed,0.56,0.14,0.3,True,English,"['inaugural Green Bond', 'Ahold Delhaize', 'Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE', 'Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V.', 'existing environmentally friendly assets', 'Jan Ernst de Groot', 'positive measurable environmental impact', 'International Capital Markets Association', 'relative Second Party Opinion', 'largest food retail groups', 'fourth ESG financing instrument', 'The Green Finance Framework', 'inaugural Green Bond issuance', 'positive Second-Party Opinion', 'Loan Market Association', 'external ESG agency', '€1bn Sustainability-Linked RCF', 'Green Loan Principles', 'Eligible Green Projects', 'sustainable food systems', 'Green Structuring Co-ordinators', 'great local brands', '€500 million Green Bond', 'Green Bond Principles', 'first Green Bond', 'Chief Sustainability Officer', 'overall ESG ambitions', 'Wells Fargo Securities', 'US Securities Act', 'Sustainability-Linked Bond issuance', 'Sustainability Bond issuance', 'other similar words', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Green Buildings', 'bond proceeds', 'sustainability challenges', 'sustainable value', 'BofA Securities', 'other factors', 'other disclosures', 'sustainability strategy', 'ESG-labelled financings', 'following categories', 'Renewable Energy', 'Energy Efficiency', 'Clean Transportation', 'Pollution Prevention', 'governance process', 'Confirming commitment', 'climate plans', '99.851 per cent', 'annual coupon', '3.500 per cent', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'BNP Paribas', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'Cautionary notice', 'United States', 'relevant laws', 'United Kingdom', 'qualified investors', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Such factors', 'risk factors', 'public filings', 'Forward-looking statement', 'current views', 'Press office', 'Social media', 'funding strategy', 'looking statements', 'other jurisdiction', 'continued alignment', 'Investor relations', 'Zaandam', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'term', '5 years', 'April', 'transaction', 'Use', 'Control', 'updated', 'accordance', 'ICMA', 'LMA', 'quality', 'Sustainalytics', 'aspiration', 'teams', 'stakeholders', 'step', 'contribution', 'transition', 'Pricing', 'notes', 'Story', 'Ends', 'communication', 'release', 'distribution', 'publication', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'activities', 'violation', 'offer', 'bonds', 'EEA', 'authority', 'respect', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'expressions', 'maturing', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'management', 'assumptions', 'information', 'obligation', 'aholddelhaize', 'Instagram', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'world', 'leader', 'supermarkets', 'e-commerce', 'family', '60 m']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21531,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/worldline-completes-acquisition-banco-desio-163000626.html,Worldline completes the acquisition of Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities,Worldline completed the acquisition ofBanco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities Reinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a...,WORLDLINE SAWorldline completed the acquisition ofBanco Desio Merchant Acquiring activitiesReinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partnerParis  La Défense  March 28  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  announces having completed the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities and the set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage Banco Desio’s banking network in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy.Banco Desio Group is an important Italian banking group with a strong local approach delivered through a network of more than 280 branches. The banking group was looking for a partner to acquire  operate and develop its merchant acquiring portfolio which delivers payment solutions to c. 15 thousand merchants generating c. 40 million transactions per year  representing c. € 2.0 billion of MSV. It also manages the marketing and distribution of more than 19 thousand POS to the merchants within the bank’s network.Banco Desio merchant acquiring activities will be combined within Worldline’s MS Italy joint venture created following the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 owned at 80% by Worldline. As part of the transaction  Worldline also enters a long-term commercial partnership with Banco Desio aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s best-in-class payment product and services to merchants.Key items of the transactionWorldline to acquire Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities through the Worldline MS Italia joint venture for a price of € 80 million corresponding to Worldline ownership in the JV;Additional annual revenue of c. € 15 million in year one with expected double-digit organic growth in the coming years;OMDA margin expected above 30% at closing.Forthcoming eventApril 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 resultsOctober 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueStory continuesContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 18 000 employees in more than 40 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.2,0.49,True,English,"['Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities', 'Worldline', 'acquisition', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Worldline MS Italia joint venture', 'Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities', 'MS Italy joint venture', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Benoit d’Amécourt', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'important Italian banking group', 'secure payment transaction processing', 'merchant acquiring portfolio', 'online commercial acquiring', 'promising Italian market', 'c. 40 million transactions', 'Additional annual revenue', 'La Défense', 'strong local approach', 'class payment product', 'leading digital payment', 'Banco Desio Group', '4.4 billion euros revenue', 'long-term commercial partnership', 'key commercial channel', 'double-digit organic growth', 'sustainable economic growth', 'numerous digital services', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'strong banking network', 'merchant customers', 'payment products', 'payment solutions', 'Key items', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'Q3 2023 revenue', 'sustainable, trusted', 'market conditions', 'securities laws', 'Axepta Italy', 'strong partner', 'payment services', 'expected growth', 'global leader', '19 thousand POS', 'coming years', 'OMDA margin', 'Forthcoming event', 'payments industry', 'innovative solutions', 'corporate purpose', 'transactional solutions', 'social transformation', 'Actual events', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'other information', 'historical information', 'information purposes', 'technology partner', 'forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'filling number', 'expected performance', 'WORLDLINE SA', 'Worldline presence', 'Worldline ownership', '15 thousand merchants', 'D.', 'acquisition', 'Reinforcement', 'Paris', 'WLN', 'set-up', 'order', '280 branches', 'MSV', 'marketing', 'distribution', 'price', 'JV', 'closing', 'April', 'June', 'July', '2023 results', 'October', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'Euronext', 'choice', 'banks', 'acquirers', '18,000 employees', '40 countries', 'clients', 'raison', 'security', 'societies', 'Disclaimer', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'references', 'profitability', 'factors', 'control', 'Company', 'competitors', 'behaviors', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'plans', 'objectives', 'strategies', 'goals', 'synergies', 'AMF', 'Amendment', 'obligation', 'responsibility', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21532,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/rocketlinks-participates-international-development-d-123000628.html,RocketLinks participates in the international development of the Dékuple Group by expanding into the UK and US markets,Bertrand-Laurioz Dékuple CEO Bertrand-Laurioz Dékuple CEO Maxime Doki-Thonon Founder and CEO RocketLinks Maxime Doki-Thonon Founder and CEO RocketLinks...,"ADLPARTNERBertrand-Laurioz Dékuple CEOBertrand-Laurioz Dékuple CEOMaxime Doki-Thonon Founder and CEO RocketLinksMaxime Doki-Thonon Founder and CEO RocketLinksRocketLinks participates in the international development of the Dékuple Group by expanding into the UK and US marketsParis  March 28  2023 - RocketLinks  the Dékuple Group's SaaS martech solution  continues its international development by expanding its market to the UK and the USA and is part of the Group's overall internationalization process.With 10% of its revenue to be generated internationally by 2022  RocketLinks  a sponsored article buying platform that offers a full range of services for SEO and branding performance  has been preparing this expansion phase to international markets for several months:Recruitment of a business developer and a lead media trader  both English speakers.Expansion of the catalog with more than 80 000 media  of which more than 45 000 are international  and more than 20 000 in English.Signing of a commercial partnership with Primelis  the leader in search marketing in France  which is experiencing strong growth in the United States.In addition  RocketLinks intends to develop more abroad thanks to brands looking to develop their digital visibility and their natural referencing via sponsored articles and netlinking and also thanks to search marketing agencies that include netlinking in their consulting and services.""Our ambition to become a leader in data marketing in Europe is to accompany our French and European customers in various international markets. RocketLinks is part of this commitment  while also aiming to address the local market""  explains Bertrand Laurioz  CEO of the Dékuple Group.""Since its creation in 2010  RocketLinks has become the leader in sponsored article buying in France. Over time  we have been able to gradually expand our scope of action in other markets. Today  we have strong international ambitions thanks to the agencies and advertisers who trust us  and with whom we co-construct our offers."" explains Maxime Doki-Thonon  CEO of RocketLinks.Story continuesAbout DÉKUPLECreated in 1972  DÉKUPLE is a major actor in cross-channel data marketing. The Group designs  markets and implements  on its own behalf or on behalf of its partners and clients  acquisition  loyalty and customer relationship management services across all distribution channels. This expertise allows Dékuple to support brands in their marketing needs but also to create recurring revenue generating portfolios on his behalf. Today  the Group works with more than 500 brands  including two-thirds of the CAC 40 companies and many small and medium-sized businesses.DÉKUPLE had a turnover of 181.2 million euros in 2022. With operations in France  Spain  Portugal and China  the Group employs over 1 000 people.DÉKUPLE is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris - Compartment C. ISIN code: FR0000062978 - DKUPL www.dekuple.comAbout RocketLinksFounded in 2010  RocketLinks is the world's first full-service SEO and branding platform. RocketLinks supports SEO and Netlinking experts by co-building their campaigns and offering complementary services. Its innovative and unique features allow its clients to achieve their marketing goals. 30 specialists support customers on both the technological and human fronts. With an international presence  RocketLinks offers the most competitive prices with an average of 15% off and has over 80 000 media outlets.Press contacts: ComCorpLéa Goujon – lgoujon@comcorp.fr – (+33)6 33 58 84 04Ingrid Brégeon-Fall – ibregeonfall@comcorp.fr – (+33)6 33 58 54 94Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.41,0.15,True,English,"['Dékuple Group', 'international development', 'US markets', 'RocketLinks', 'UK', 'Compartment C. ISIN code', 'recurring revenue generating portfolios', 'customer relationship management services', 'Bertrand-Laurioz Dékuple CEO', 'SaaS martech solution', 'overall internationalization process', 'Léa Goujon', 'Ingrid Brégeon-Fall', 'Maxime Doki-Thonon Founder', 'lead media trader', 'strong international ambitions', 'first full-service SEO', 'cross-channel data marketing', 'article buying platform', 'Dékuple Group', 'various international markets', 'strong growth', 'branding platform', 'international development', 'international presence', 'search marketing', 'marketing needs', 'marketing goals', 'US markets', 'full range', 'branding performance', 'several months', 'business developer', 'commercial partnership', 'United States', 'digital visibility', 'natural referencing', 'Bertrand Laurioz', 'other markets', 'major actor', 'The Group', 'distribution channels', 'CAC 40 companies', 'many small', 'medium-sized businesses', '181.2 million euros', 'complementary services', 'unique features', 'human fronts', 'competitive prices', '80,000 media outlets', 'Press contacts', 'local market', 'regulated market', 'marketing agencies', 'expansion phase', 'English speakers', 'European customers', 'Euronext Paris', 'CEO RocketLinks', 'Netlinking experts', 'ADLPARTNER', 'UK', 'USA', 'catalog', 'Primelis', 'leader', 'France', 'addition', 'brands', 'articles', 'consulting', 'French', 'commitment', 'creation', 'time', 'scope', 'action', 'advertisers', 'offers', 'Story', 'behalf', 'clients', 'acquisition', 'loyalty', 'expertise', 'two-thirds', 'turnover', 'operations', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'China', '1,000 people', 'DKUPL', 'world', 'campaigns', 'innovative', '30 specialists', 'technological', 'average', 'ComCorp', 'lgoujon', 'Attachments']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21533,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000682.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6873 £ 23.5539 Estimated MTD return -2.19 % -2.08 % Estimated YTD return -3.90 % -3.57 % Estimated ITD return 166.87 % 135.54 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.06 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.33 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.4610 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7114The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21534,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/28/2635419/0/en/Company-Announcement-2-2023.html,Company Announcement 2/2023,NOTICE TO CONVENE the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S in liquidation  The Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S in...,English DanishNOTICE TO CONVENE the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/Sin liquidationThe Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S in liquidation (CVR no. 76 35 17 16) (the “Company”) is convened to be held onWednesday  19 April 2023  at 10:00 a.m. (CEST)Gorrissen Federspiel  Axel Towers  Axeltorv 2DK-1609 Copenhagen VAgenda:Report on the financial year 2022 Presentation of the annual report 2022 for adoption Grant of discharge to members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management Resolution on the application of the result of the year Presentation of the remuneration report 2022 Appointment of auditors Any other businessComplete proposalsItem 1 – Report on the financial year 2022The report on the financial year 2022 will be presented at the Annual General Meeting  including an account of the ongoing liquidation of the Company.Item 2 – Presentation of the annual report 2022 for adoptionIt is proposed that the general meeting adopts the Company’s annual report for 2022  including the remuneration paid to the Board of Directors for 2022.Item 3 – Grant of discharge to members of the Board of Directors and Executive ManagementIt is proposed that the general meeting grants discharge to members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management.Item 4 – Resolution on the application of the result of the yearIt is proposed that the general meeting approves the proposal on application of the result of the year as stated in the annual report for 2022. The result for the financial year 2022 will be allocated to retained earnings.Item 5 – Presentation of the remuneration report 2022The Company has prepared a remuneration report for the financial year 2022  which is presented to the general meeting. The remuneration report 2022 has been prepared in compliance with applicable rules with a view to further enhance the transparency of the remuneration reporting. The report covers remuneration awarded or due during the financial year 2022 to the Company’s Board of Directors and Executive Management.The remuneration report 2022 is enclosed as appendix 1 and is available on the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Item 6 – Appointment of auditorsIt is proposed that the Company’s current auditor  PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab  be re-elected.--o0o--Adoption requirementsAll proposals on the agenda may be adopted by a simple majority of votes.Share capital and shareholders’ voting rightsThe Company’s share capital amounts to nominally DKK 40 615 840.30 divided into 406 158 403 shares of nominally DKK 0.10. Each share of nominally DKK 0.10 carries one vote.The record date is Wednesday   1 2 April 202 3 .Shareholders holding shares in the Company on the record date  have the right to participate in and vote at the Annual General Meeting. The shares held by the shareholder are calculated on the record date on the basis of entries in the share register and notifications of ownership received by the Company for the purpose of entering into the share register. Furthermore  participation is conditional upon the shareholder obtaining an admission card in time as described below.Admission cardsShareholders wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting must request an admission card.Admission cards may be obtained through Euronext Securities’ website  www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  admission cards may be obtained by contacting Euronext Securities  by telephone +45 43 58 88 66  by email: CPH-investor@euronext.com  or by written enquiry to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  by using the form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Requests for admission cards must be submitted so they are received by Euronext Securities no later than Friday  14 April 2023.ProxyShareholders unable to attend the Annual General Meeting may issue a proxy to the liquidator or a third party. Proxies may be granted electronically at Euronext Securities’ website  www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  a proxy may be granted in writing by using the proxy form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com. The signed form may be submitted to Euronext Securities  at Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  or email: CPH-investor@euronext.com.Proxies must be submitted so they are received by Euronext Securities no later than Friday  14 April 2023.Postal votingShareholders unable to attend the Annual General Meeting may submit their votes by correspondence (i.e. postal vote). Postal votes may be submitted electronically via Euronext Securities’ website www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  a postal vote may be submitted in writing by using the postal vote form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com. The signed postal vote form may be submitted to Euronext Securities  at Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  DK-1402 Copenhagen  or email: CPH-investor@euronext.com.Postal votes must be submitted so they are received by the Euronext Securities no later than Tuesday 18 April 2023  at 12:00 noon (CEST).Additional informationUntil and including the day of the Annual General Meeting  additional information regarding the Annual General Meeting will be available on the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com including the notice with agenda  complete proposals and appendix 1 (remuneration report 2022)  the annual report for 2022 and information on the total number of shares and voting rights on the date of the notice to convene.Questions from the shareholders prior to the Annual General MeetingShareholders may ask questions to the agenda or to documents  etc. to be used at the Annual General Meeting by email: info@nordicshipholding.com.Personal dataFor further information on how the Company collects and processes personal data  reference is made to the Company’s website www.nordicshipholding.com  where information on the Company’s policy on treatment of  and information regarding the protection of personal data is available.RefreshmentsNo refreshments will be served at the Annual General Meeting.Copenhagen  28 March 2023LiquidatorAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.54,0.46,0.0,True,English,"['Company Announcement', 'Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab', 'Nicolai Eigtveds Gade', 'Euronext Securities’ website', 'shareholders’ voting rights', 'postal vote form', '09 Copenhagen V Agenda', 'Executive Management Resolution', 'Postal voting', 'annual report', 'one vote', 'signed form', 'English Danish', 'Gorrissen Federspiel', 'Axel Towers', 'other business', 'applicable rules', 'current auditor', 'simple majority', 'record date', 'third party', 'Share capital', 'share register', 'Postal votes', 'remuneration reporting', 'financial year', 'Complete proposals', 'Admission cards', 'proxy form', 'The Company', 'ongoing liquidation', 'Adoption requirements', 'NOTICE', 'CVR', 'Wednesday', 'April', '10:00 a', 'CEST', 'Axeltorv', 'DK', 'Presentation', 'Grant', 'discharge', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'application', 'result', 'Appointment', 'auditors', 'Item', 'account', 'earnings', 'compliance', 'view', 'transparency', 'appendix', '406,158,403 shares', 'basis', 'entries', 'notifications', 'ownership', 'purpose', 'participation', 'time', 'agm', 'telephone', 'email', 'CPH-investor', 'enquiry', 'download', 'nordicshipholding', 'Requests', 'Friday', 'liquidator', 'Proxies', 'writing', 'correspondence', '45']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,globenewswire.com
21535,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NORDIC-SHIPHOLDING-A-S-1412977/news/Company-Announcement-2-2023-43353868/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Company Announcement 2/2023,(marketscreener.com)  NOTICE TO CONVENE the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S in liquidation The Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S in liquidation is convened to be held on Wednesday  19 April 2023  at 10:00 a.m. Gorrissen Feders…,NOTICE TO CONVENE the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/Sin liquidationThe Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S in liquidation (CVR no. 76 35 17 16) (the “Company”) is convened to be held onWednesday  19 April 2023  at 10:00 a.m. (CEST)Gorrissen Federspiel  Axel Towers  Axeltorv 2DK-1609 Copenhagen VAgenda:Report on the financial year 2022 Presentation of the annual report 2022 for adoption Grant of discharge to members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management Resolution on the application of the result of the year Presentation of the remuneration report 2022 Appointment of auditors Any other businessComplete proposalsItem 1 – Report on the financial year 2022The report on the financial year 2022 will be presented at the Annual General Meeting  including an account of the ongoing liquidation of the Company.Item 2 – Presentation of the annual report 2022 for adoptionIt is proposed that the general meeting adopts the Company’s annual report for 2022  including the remuneration paid to the Board of Directors for 2022.Item 3 – Grant of discharge to members of the Board of Directors and Executive ManagementIt is proposed that the general meeting grants discharge to members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management.Item 4 – Resolution on the application of the result of the yearIt is proposed that the general meeting approves the proposal on application of the result of the year as stated in the annual report for 2022. The result for the financial year 2022 will be allocated to retained earnings.Item 5 – Presentation of the remuneration report 2022The Company has prepared a remuneration report for the financial year 2022  which is presented to the general meeting. The remuneration report 2022 has been prepared in compliance with applicable rules with a view to further enhance the transparency of the remuneration reporting. The report covers remuneration awarded or due during the financial year 2022 to the Company’s Board of Directors and Executive Management.The remuneration report 2022 is enclosed as appendix 1 and is available on the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Item 6 – Appointment of auditorsIt is proposed that the Company’s current auditor  PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab  be re-elected.--o0o--Adoption requirementsAll proposals on the agenda may be adopted by a simple majority of votes.Share capital and shareholders’ voting rightsThe Company’s share capital amounts to nominally DKK 40 615 840.30 divided into 406 158 403 shares of nominally DKK 0.10. Each share of nominally DKK 0.10 carries one vote.The record date is Wednesday   1 2 April 202 3 .Shareholders holding shares in the Company on the record date  have the right to participate in and vote at the Annual General Meeting. The shares held by the shareholder are calculated on the record date on the basis of entries in the share register and notifications of ownership received by the Company for the purpose of entering into the share register. Furthermore  participation is conditional upon the shareholder obtaining an admission card in time as described below.Admission cardsShareholders wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting must request an admission card.Admission cards may be obtained through Euronext Securities’ website  www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  admission cards may be obtained by contacting Euronext Securities  by telephone +45 43 58 88 66  by email: CPH-investor@euronext.com  or by written enquiry to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  by using the form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Requests for admission cards must be submitted so they are received by Euronext Securities no later than Friday  14 April 2023.ProxyShareholders unable to attend the Annual General Meeting may issue a proxy to the liquidator or a third party. Proxies may be granted electronically at Euronext Securities’ website  www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  a proxy may be granted in writing by using the proxy form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com. The signed form may be submitted to Euronext Securities  at Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  or email: CPH-investor@euronext.com.Proxies must be submitted so they are received by Euronext Securities no later than Friday  14 April 2023.Postal votingShareholders unable to attend the Annual General Meeting may submit their votes by correspondence (i.e. postal vote). Postal votes may be submitted electronically via Euronext Securities’ website www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  a postal vote may be submitted in writing by using the postal vote form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com. The signed postal vote form may be submitted to Euronext Securities  at Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  DK-1402 Copenhagen  or email: CPH-investor@euronext.com.Postal votes must be submitted so they are received by the Euronext Securities no later than Tuesday 18 April 2023  at 12:00 noon (CEST).Additional informationUntil and including the day of the Annual General Meeting  additional information regarding the Annual General Meeting will be available on the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com including the notice with agenda  complete proposals and appendix 1 (remuneration report 2022)  the annual report for 2022 and information on the total number of shares and voting rights on the date of the notice to convene.Questions from the shareholders prior to the Annual General MeetingShareholders may ask questions to the agenda or to documents  etc. to be used at the Annual General Meeting by email: info@nordicshipholding.com.Personal dataFor further information on how the Company collects and processes personal data  reference is made to the Company’s website www.nordicshipholding.com  where information on the Company’s policy on treatment of  and information regarding the protection of personal data is available.RefreshmentsNo refreshments will be served at the Annual General Meeting.Copenhagen  28 March 2023LiquidatorAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.63,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Company Announcement', 'Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab', 'Nicolai Eigtveds Gade', 'Euronext Securities’ website', 'shareholders’ voting rights', 'postal vote form', '09 Copenhagen V Agenda', 'Executive Management Resolution', 'Postal voting', 'annual report', 'one vote', 'signed form', 'Gorrissen Federspiel', 'Axel Towers', 'other business', 'applicable rules', 'current auditor', 'simple majority', 'record date', 'third party', 'The Company', 'Share capital', 'share register', 'Postal votes', 'remuneration reporting', 'financial year', 'Complete proposals', 'Admission cards', 'proxy form', 'ongoing liquidation', 'Adoption requirements', 'NOTICE', 'CVR', 'Wednesday', 'April', '10:00 a', 'CEST', 'Axeltorv', 'DK', 'Presentation', 'Grant', 'discharge', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'application', 'result', 'Appointment', 'auditors', 'Item', 'account', 'earnings', 'compliance', 'view', 'transparency', 'appendix', 'nordicshipholding', '406,158,403 shares', 'basis', 'entries', 'notifications', 'ownership', 'purpose', 'participation', 'time', 'agm', 'telephone', 'email', 'CPH-investor', 'enquiry', 'download', 'Requests', 'Friday', 'liquidator', 'Proxies', 'writing', 'correspondence', '45']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21536,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MIKO-N-V-6106/news/Miko-N-results-2022-43359992/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Miko N : results 2022,(marketscreener.com)   Press release .   Regulated information.   Miko: Results 2022   Turnhout  28 March 2023 - Miko  the Euronext Brussels-listed coffee service specialist  announced today that turnover for 2022 grew 82.7 % to 267.3 mio euro. EBI…,"Press release (embargoed until 5.40 p.m. CEST on 28 March 2023).Regulated information.Miko: Results 2022Turnhout  28 March 2023 - Miko  the Euronext Brussels-listed coffee service specialist  announced today that turnover for 2022 grew 82.7 % to 267.3 mio euro. EBITDA advanced 24.95 % to 26.1 mio euro. EBIT dropped 51.4 % to 3.2 mio euro. 2022 was a turbulent year. However  management confirmed its confidence in the future by nevertheless proposing a one-time increased dividend.RESULTSSince mid-2021  the Miko Group has been focusing solely on coffee service after selling its plastic packaging division - ""Miko Pac"" - to the German packaging group PACCOR.The activity that remained concerns ""coffee service"". Here  in various home countries under the motto ""your coffee  our care""  a coffee service is offered to the out-of-home segment  such as offices  companies  catering and institutions  mainly through its own subsidiaries. The results of 2022 are therefore compared here with the performance of the coffee business in 2021.Sales grew strongly  clocking in at 267.3 million euros. This is a growth of 82.7 %. This was due to healthy internal growth across the organization  not only in euros  but also in volume. Especially in Scandinavia  where Miko has sales organizations in Sweden  Denmark and Norway  sales went up. A few acquisitions that took place in 2021 also helped sales. These included the acquisition of MAAS in the Netherlands  which places beverage dispensers at businesses  as well as SAS Koffie in Belgium  which specializes in private label products for retail.The strong sales growth translated into double digit growth of 24.95 % to EUR 26.1 million at EBITDA level. This increase did not evolve in parallel with the significant increase of sales.This was caused in part by the complete lockdown in the Netherlands in early 2022 which implied a significant drop in sales whereas costs barely dropped.Furthermore  exploding commodity prices and cost inflation played a particular role. These increased costs could only be passed on to a limited extent in private label coffees for the retail market and in contracts awarded through tender procedures.This put EBIT and net profits under pressure. This was amplified by investments in coffee machines totaling EUR 13.1 million plus their depreciation  as well as a provision of EUR 1 million to write-down inventory of SAS Koffie that did not rotate sufficiently.As a result  EBIT dropped 51.4 % to 3.2 mio euro. Net profit was - 0.6 mio euro.DIVIDENDSAlthough it was not a record year and EBIT is under pressure  the EBITDA and financial situation are healthy. Therefore  after several years without a dividend  the Board of Directors proposes to pay a one-time increased gross dividend of 2.62 euros per share this year.KEY EVENTSIn April 2022  Miko was the victim of a cyber attack. An extensive team of internal and external professionals acted quickly to ensure that Miko was soon operational again and the financial impact was minimized.In December  Miko acquired the out-of-home business from Belgian coffee roaster Beyers. It involved only the acquisition of the clientele and assets of the out-of-home business unit  as well as three commercial employees. The turnover amounts to 2 million euros. The transaction is part of the strategy to strengthen the out-of-home presence in the various home markets.INTERPRETATIONSays Frans Van Tilborg  CEO of the Miko Group: ""Obviously  we are not euphoric about our results. The war in Ukraine has caused huge increases in raw material prices and an inflationary explosion. This plays hard in retail and private label  among others.What are our expectations? We are positive about our traditional out-of-home business  despite the competitive disadvantage that automatic Belgian indexation puts us at. After all  80 % of our sales go abroad. In retail  we expect an increase in the private label segment.We are also pleased with the opportunity we were given to take over Beyers' outdoor activities. We are known in the market as a respectful acquirer so that we still receive acquisition files with regularity.Inflation remains high  commodities show no downward trend  wages had to be indexed in January. Covid is fortunately now behind us but due to the war in Ukraine and global instability  the environment in which we operate remains uncertain It is impossible to formulate expectations ....Van Tilborg adds  ""To end on an optimistic note... Meanwhile  in 2023  it was decided to give a final ""GO"" to our project to build a completely new roastery .... This new building will realize significant synergies between the roasting processes of Miko Koffie and SAS Koffie. After all  both roasteries are currently obsolete and are only a stone's throw from each other... Indeed  the approval of this project confirms our optimism for the future.""About MikoMiko has been active in coffee service for over 200 years  and was floated on Euronext Brussels in 1998. Miko is an international group with companies in Belgium  France  UK  the Netherlands  Germany  Denmark  Norway  Sweden  Poland  the Czech Republic  Slovakia  and Australia.END.For more information  please contact:Frans Van Tilborg on +32 (0) 499-03.70.84.Dit persbericht is ook beschikbaar in het Nederlands.Ce communiqué de presse est également disponible en français.Miko website: www.mikocoffee.comSCHEDULE 1 - Consolidated annual results Miko Group20222021Revenu 267.309Revenue sale of goods 253.057Revenue leasingRevenue sale of fixed assets12.745 1.507146.337 137.413 9.176 -252Other operating income4.399Total expenses -268.536Raw materials & consumables used -135.911Employee benefit expense Depreciation and amortization Other operating expenses-71.599 -21.782 -39.2445.123-144.930-66.420-42.364-13.541-22.605Operating profit before depreciations  interests and taxes3.1726.530Net financial resultFinancial income Financial costs-1.874 40 -1.914-1.279 305 -1.584Profit before taxes1.2985.251Taxes on result-1.603-830Net profit of continued operations-3054.421Result discontinued operations042.450Net profit of the group-30546.871Attributable to minority interestsAttributable to MIKO shareholders-280-312-58546.559Weighted average number of sharesBasic earnings per share  attributable to MIKO shareholders (in euro)Weighted average number of shares after dilutionDiluted earnings per share  attributable to MIKO shareholders (in euro)1.242.000-0 47 1.235.819-0 471.242.00037 49 1.242.95737 46SCHEDULE 2 - Consolidated overview of comprehensive income20222021",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.11,0.58,True,English,"['Miko N', 'results', 'Euronext Brussels-listed coffee service specialist', 'one-time increased gross dividend', 'Belgian coffee roaster Beyers', 'one-time increased dividend', 'automatic Belgian indexation', ""Beyers' outdoor activities"", 'plastic packaging division', 'exploding commodity prices', 'three commercial employees', 'raw material prices', 'private label products', 'double digit growth', 'private label coffees', 'various home countries', 'various home markets', 'German packaging group', 'Frans Van Tilborg', 'private label segment', 'home business unit', 'healthy internal growth', 'strong sales growth', 'home segment', 'coffee business', 'increased costs', 'coffee machines', 'home presence', 'international group', 'Press release', 'Regulated information', 'turbulent year', 'beverage dispensers', 'SAS Koffie', 'complete lockdown', 'significant drop', 'particular role', 'limited extent', 'tender procedures', 'net profits', 'record year', 'financial situation', 'cyber attack', 'extensive team', 'external professionals', 'financial impact', 'huge increases', 'inflationary explosion', 'competitive disadvantage', 'respectful acquirer', 'downward trend', 'global instability', 'optimistic note', 'final ""GO', 'new roastery', 'new building', 'significant synergies', 'roasting processes', '267.3 mio euro', '26.1 mio euro', '3.2 mio euro', 'Miko Group', '267.3 million euros', 'cost inflation', 'several years', '2 million euros', 'sales organizations', 'EBITDA level', 'significant increase', 'acquisition files', 'Miko Pac', 'Miko Koffie', 'retail market', '0.6 mio', '2.62 euros', '200 years', 'CEST', '28 March', 'Results', 'Turnhout', 'turnover', 'management', 'confidence', 'future', 'mid-20', 'PACCOR', 'activity', 'motto', 'care', 'offices', 'companies', 'institutions', 'subsidiaries', 'performance', 'volume', 'Scandinavia', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Norway', 'acquisitions', 'place', 'MAAS', 'Netherlands', 'businesses', 'Belgium', 'parallel', 'contracts', 'pressure', 'investments', 'depreciation', 'provision', 'inventory', 'DIVIDENDS', 'Board', 'Directors', 'share', 'EVENTS', 'April', 'victim', 'December', 'clientele', 'assets', 'transaction', 'strategy', 'INTERPRETATION', 'CEO', 'Ukraine', 'others', 'expectations', 'opportunity', 'regularity', 'commodities', 'wages', 'January', 'Covid', 'environment', 'project', 'roasteries', 'stone', 'approval', 'optimism', 'France', '5.40', '82.7 %.']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21537,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/28/2635996/0/en/Annual-Financial-Report.html,Annual Financial Report,"IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC (""ICG"")       28 March 2023      Publication of the 2022 Annual Report      ICG has today published its 2022 Annual Report...","IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC (""ICG"")28 March 2023Publication of the 2022 Annual ReportICG has today published its 2022 Annual Report and Financial Statements which may be viewed and downloaded from the Company’s website www.icg.ie.The 2022 Annual Report and Financial Statements  will be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK’s National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at:Euronext Dublin: https://direct.euronext.com/#/oamfilingUK National Storage Mechanism: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanismThe 2022 Annual Report and Financial Statements will be posted to those shareholders who have elected to receive hardcopy communications.END_________________________________________________________________________________Enquiries:Eamonn Rothwell  Chief Executive Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ieDavid Ledwidge  Chief Financial Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ie_________________________________________________________________________________Media enquiries:Q4 Public Relations Tel: +353 1 475 1444 Email: press@q4pr.ie",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC', 'UK National Storage Mechanism', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Q4 Public Relations', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'The 2022 Annual Report', 'Financial Statements', 'hardcopy communications', 'Eamonn Rothwell', 'David Ledwidge', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Media enquiries', 'ICG', 'March', 'Publication', 'Company', 'website', 'inspection', 'fca', 'org', 'nationalstoragemechanism', 'shareholders', 'Tel', 'Email', 'investorrelations', 'press', 'q4pr']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,globenewswire.com
21538,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-completed-the-acquisition-of-Banco-Desio-Merchant-Acquiring-activities-43359982/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Worldline : completed the acquisition of Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities,(marketscreener.com)   Worldline completed the acquisition of Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities     Reinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partner   Paris  La Défense  March 28  2023 - Worldline [Eu…,"Worldline completed the acquisition of Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activitiesParis  La Défense  March 28  2023 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  announces having completed the acquisition of Banco Desio's merchant acquiring activities and the set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage Banco Desio's banking network in order to distribute Worldline's payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy.Banco Desio Group is an important Italian banking group with a strong local approach delivered through a network of more than 280 branches. The banking group was looking for a partner to acquire  operate and develop its merchant acquiring portfolio which delivers payment solutions to c. 15 thousand merchants generating c. 40 million transactions per year  representing c. € 2.0 billion of MSV. It also manages the marketing and distribution of more than 19 thousand POS to the merchants within the bank's network.Banco Desio merchant acquiring activities will be combined within Worldline's MS Italy joint venture created following the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 owned at 80% by Worldline. As part of the transaction  Worldline also enters a long-term commercial partnership with Banco Desio aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline's best-in-class payment product and services to merchants.Key items of the transactionWorldline to acquire Banco Desio's merchant acquiring activities through the Worldline MS Italia joint venture for a price of € 80 million corresponding to Worldline ownership in the JV;Additional annual revenue of c. € 15 million in year one with expected double-digit organic growth in the coming years;OMDA margin expected above 30% at closing.April 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders' MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 resultsOctober 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d'Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 18 000 employees in more than 40 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline's corporate purpose (""raison d'être"") is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors' behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline's beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline's plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities', 'Worldline', 'acquisition', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Worldline MS Italia joint venture', 'Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities', 'MS Italy joint venture', ""Annual General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'important Italian banking group', 'secure payment transaction processing', 'U.S. state', 'merchant acquiring portfolio', 'online commercial acquiring', 'strong local approach', 'c. 40 million transactions', 'Additional annual revenue', 'class payment product', 'leading digital payment', 'Banco Desio Group', '4.4 billion euros revenue', 'long-term commercial partnership', 'key commercial channel', 'double-digit organic growth', 'La Défense', 'sustainable economic growth', 'numerous digital services', 'strong banking network', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'merchant customers', 'payment products', 'payment solutions', 'Key items', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'Q3 2023 revenue', 'sustainable, trusted', 'securities laws', 'Axepta Italy', 'payment services', 'expected growth', 'global leader', '19 thousand POS', 'coming years', 'OMDA margin', 'payments industry', 'innovative solutions', 'corporate purpose', 'transactional solutions', 'social transformation', 'market conditions', 'Actual events', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'other information', 'historical information', 'information purposes', 'forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'filling number', 'technology partner', 'expected performance', 'Worldline ownership', '15 thousand merchants', 'D.', 'acquisition', 'Paris', 'WLN', 'set', 'order', '280 branches', 'MSV', 'marketing', 'distribution', 'price', 'JV', 'closing', 'April', 'June', 'July', '2023 results', 'October', 'Benoit', 'damecourt', 'vanderghinst', 'Euronext', 'choice', 'banks', 'acquirers', '18,000 employees', '40 countries', 'clients', 'raison', 'security', 'societies', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'references', 'profitability', 'factors', 'control', 'Company', 'competitors', 'behaviors', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'plans', 'objectives', 'strategies', 'goals', 'synergies', 'AMF', 'Amendment', 'disclaims', 'obligation', 'responsibility', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21539,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-063000557.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 21 March 2023 – 27 March 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  28 March 2023 In the period from 21 March 2023 until 27 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 38 073 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an a…,Van Lanschot Kempen NVAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  28 March 2023In the period from 21 March 2023 until 27 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 38 073 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.13 per share for a total amount of €1 032 828.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 237 470.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Story continuesThis press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.4,0.6,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'March', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '28 March', 'period', '21 March', '27 March', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'mediarelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21540,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-completes-the-acquisition-of-Banco-Desio-Merchant-Acquiring-activities-43359919/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Worldline completes the acquisition of Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities,(marketscreener.com) Worldline completed the acquisition ofBanco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities Reinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partner Paris  La Défense  March 28  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a glo…,Worldline completed the acquisition ofBanco Desio Merchant Acquiring activitiesReinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partnerParis  La Défense  March 28  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  announces having completed the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities and the set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage Banco Desio’s banking network in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy.Banco Desio Group is an important Italian banking group with a strong local approach delivered through a network of more than 280 branches. The banking group was looking for a partner to acquire  operate and develop its merchant acquiring portfolio which delivers payment solutions to c. 15 thousand merchants generating c. 40 million transactions per year  representing c. € 2.0 billion of MSV. It also manages the marketing and distribution of more than 19 thousand POS to the merchants within the bank’s network.Banco Desio merchant acquiring activities will be combined within Worldline’s MS Italy joint venture created following the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 owned at 80% by Worldline. As part of the transaction  Worldline also enters a long-term commercial partnership with Banco Desio aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s best-in-class payment product and services to merchants.Key items of the transactionWorldline to acquire Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities through the Worldline MS Italia joint venture for a price of € 80 million corresponding to Worldline ownership in the JV;Additional annual revenue of c. € 15 million in year one with expected double-digit organic growth in the coming years;OMDA margin expected above 30% at closing.Forthcoming eventApril 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 resultsOctober 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 18 000 employees in more than 40 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.1,0.47,True,English,"['Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities', 'Worldline', 'acquisition', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Worldline MS Italia joint venture', 'Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities', 'MS Italy joint venture', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'important Italian banking group', 'secure payment transaction processing', 'U.S. state', 'merchant acquiring portfolio', 'online commercial acquiring', 'promising Italian market', 'c. 40 million transactions', 'Additional annual revenue', 'strong local approach', 'class payment product', 'leading digital payment', 'Banco Desio Group', '4.4 billion euros revenue', 'long-term commercial partnership', 'key commercial channel', 'double-digit organic growth', 'La Défense', 'sustainable economic growth', 'numerous digital services', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'strong banking network', 'merchant customers', 'payment products', 'payment solutions', 'Key items', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'Q3 2023 revenue', 'sustainable, trusted', 'market conditions', 'securities laws', 'Axepta Italy', 'strong partner', 'payment services', 'expected growth', 'global leader', '19 thousand POS', 'coming years', 'OMDA margin', 'Forthcoming event', 'payments industry', 'innovative solutions', 'corporate purpose', 'transactional solutions', 'social transformation', 'Actual events', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'other information', 'historical information', 'information purposes', 'technology partner', 'forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'filling number', 'expected performance', 'Worldline presence', 'Worldline ownership', '15 thousand merchants', 'D.', 'acquisition', 'Reinforcement', 'Paris', 'WLN', 'set', 'order', '280 branches', 'MSV', 'marketing', 'distribution', 'price', 'JV', 'closing', 'April', 'June', '2023 results', 'October', 'Contacts', 'Benoit', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'Euronext', 'choice', 'banks', 'acquirers', '18,000 employees', '40 countries', 'clients', 'instore', 'raison', 'security', 'societies', 'Disclaimer', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'references', 'profitability', 'factors', 'control', 'Company', 'competitors', 'behaviors', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'plans', 'objectives', 'strategies', 'goals', 'synergies', 'AMF', 'Amendment', 'July', 'disclaims', 'obligation', 'responsibility', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21541,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-The-documents-for-the-Ordinary-Shareholders-meeting-are-availab-43358866/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : The documents for the Ordinary Shareholders' meeting are available,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  announces that today the notice of call of the Ordinary Sharehold…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  announces that today the notice of call of the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting  the proxy form  the information on the share capital and the Illustrative Reports referred to in the items on the agenda were filed.Those documents are available at the Company's registered office  with the mechanism for the central storage used by the Company(www.1info.it)and on the Company's website www.tipspa.it under ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders meeting /Documents"".Milan  March 28  2023TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THATINVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES)IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW. CURRENTLY TIP HASINVESTMENTS IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DIGITAL MAGICS DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  FAGERHULT  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIOFACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  PRYSMIAN  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA AND VIANOVA.Contacts: Alessandra GrittiCEO - Investor RelatorTel. 02 8858801 mail: gritti@tamburi.itThis press release is also available on the company's web site www.tipspa.it and disclosed by 1InfoSDIR and 1Info Storage system(www.1info.it).",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.01,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', ""Ordinary Shareholders' meeting"", 'documents', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'diversified industrial group', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Corporate Governance/Shareholders meeting', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', 'OR CLUB DEALS', 'Alessandra Gritti CEO', '1Info Storage system', 'central storage', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'proxy form', 'share capital', 'Illustrative Reports', 'registered office', '5 BILLION EURO', 'TODAY VALUES', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'DIGITAL MAGICS', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'Investor Relator', 'web site', 'tip.mi', 'TIP HAS', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES', 'independent', 'notice', 'call', 'information', 'items', 'agenda', 'documents', 'Company', 'mechanism', 'website', 'March', 'INVESTED', 'INVESTMENTS', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'FAGERHULT', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'PRYSMIAN', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'STARTIP', 'GARDEN', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'SDIR']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21542,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/28/2635424/0/en/Spar-Nord-explores-the-potential-for-issuing-Tier-2-capital.html,Spar Nord explores the potential for issuing Tier 2 capital,As an element in its ongoing endeavours to optimize the Bank’s capital structure and secure appropriate capital resources  Spar Nord has decided to explore the potential for issuing new Tier 2 capital.,English DanishAs an element in its ongoing endeavours to optimize the Bank’s capital structure and secure appropriate capital resources  Spar Nord has decided to explore the potential for issuing new Tier 2 capital.In this connection  Spar Nord has mandated Nykredit as Arranger and Nykredit and Spar Nord Bank as Joint Bookrunners to assess market interest for the potential issue.Subject to market conditions and investor feedback  a Tier 2 capital issue in DKK with a term to maturity of 10 years and the option of prepayment at par 5 years after the date of issuance (subject to regulatory approval)  documented with Spar Nord’s EMTN program dated 9 March 2023  listed on Euronext in Dublin may follow.Please direct any questions regarding this release to Rune Brandt Børglum  Head of Investor Relations  on tel. + 45 9634 4236  or by e-mail at rsn@sparnord.dk.Rune Brandt BørglumHead of Investor RelationsAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Spar Nord', 'Tier 2 capital', 'potential', 'Rune Brandt Børglum', 'appropriate capital resources', 'new Tier 2 capital', 'Tier 2 capital issue', 'Investor Relations Attachment', 'Spar Nord Bank', 'capital structure', 'investor feedback', 'English Danish', 'ongoing endeavours', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'market interest', 'potential issue', 'market conditions', 'regulatory approval', 'EMTN program', 'sparnord.dk', 'element', 'connection', 'Nykredit', 'Arranger', 'DKK', 'term', 'maturity', '10 years', 'option', 'prepayment', 'date', 'issuance', 'Euronext', 'Dublin', 'questions', 'release', 'Head', 'tel.', 'mail', 'rsn']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,globenewswire.com
21543,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/28/2636032/0/en/Sword-Group-Information-on-the-Number-of-Shares-and-Voting-Rights-at-28-02-2023.html,Sword Group: Information on the Number of Shares and Voting Rights at 28/02/2023,INFORMATION ON THE NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS AT 28/02/2023    Total Number of Shares: 9 544 965    Number of theoretical voting rights: 9 544 965...,English FrenchINFORMATION ON THE NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS AT 28/02/2023Total Number of Shares: 9 544 965Number of theoretical voting rights: 9 544 965Number of exercisable voting rights: 9 537 574Dividends€1.7 gross per share Pending to be approved by the Annual General MeetingEx-date: 2023 May 2 - Payment: 2023 May 4Calendar26/04/23Publication of 2023 First Quarter Revenue20/07/23Publication of 2023 Second Quarter RevenueAbout Sword GroupSword has 2 700+ IT/Digital & Software specialists present over 5 continents to accompany you in the growth of your organisation in the digital age.As a leader in technological and digital transformation  Sword has a solid reputation in complex IT & business project management.Sword optimises your processes and enhances your data.Market Euronext Paris Compartment BISIN Code FR0004180578ICB 9530 Software & Computer ServicesIndices CAC® Small CAC® Mid & Small CAC® All-Tradable CAC® All-ShareFor more information: investorrelations@sword-group.luSword Group - SE | 2  Rue d'Arlon L-8399 WindhofAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Sword Group', 'Voting Rights', 'Information', 'Number', 'Shares', '28', 'Market Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'Arlon L-8399 Windhof Attachment', 'Indices CAC® Small CAC®', 'Annual General Meeting', '2023 First Quarter Revenue', '2023 Second Quarter Revenue', 'business project management', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Tradable CAC', 'English French', 'Software specialists', 'digital age', 'digital transformation', 'solid reputation', 'complex IT', 'ISIN Code', 'ICB 9530 Software', 'Computer Services', 'Sword Group', 'Total Number', 'INFORMATION', 'SHARES', '28/02', 'Dividends', 'Ex-date', 'Payment', 'Calendar', 'Publication', '5 continents', 'growth', 'organisation', 'leader', 'technological', 'processes', 'data', 'investorrelations', 'sword-group', 'Rue']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,globenewswire.com
21544,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/28/2636045/0/en/ARGAN-extends-its-cold-warehouse-in-Niort-from-20-000-sq-m-to-33-000-sq-m.html,ARGAN extends its cold warehouse in Niort from 20 000 sq m to 33 000 sq m,ARGAN is building the second phase of its logistics warehouse in La Crèche (79)  which is leased to EURIAL  the milk branch of the AGRIAL cooperative group. These two new 12 400  sq m cells will extend the future complex to 32 800 sq m and will improve the si…,French EnglishARGAN is building the second phase of its logistics warehouse in La Crèche (79)  which is leased to EURIAL  the milk branch of the AGRIAL cooperative group. These two new 12 400 sq m cells will extend the future complex to 32 800 sq m and will improve the site's carbon footprint with the implementation of the Aut0nom® system.The first phase of this project consisted of three positive cold storage cells and an office block  approximately 20 400 m²  which were delivered to EURIAL in 2019. The 12.5-hectare site offered potential for expansion  which is now being concrete with the start of construction of two new negative cold cells with a surface area of 12 400 sq m.EURIAL  the dairy branch of the AGRIAL group  will lease the entire 32 800 sq m of this platform under a long-term lease of 12 years. This new lease will take effect upon delivery of the extension  scheduled for December 2023.A major player in the dairy industry  EURIAL is involved in all stages of dairy production  from the collection of milk to its processing and marketing.Located in the commune of La Crèche  the site benefits from an ideal location just a few minutes from Niort. At the junction of the A83 and A10 motorways  La Crèche is at the heart of the Atlantic Arc  a logistics market whose dynamism is confirmed year after year.An improved carbon footprintThe extension of the site will be an opportunity to upgrade the platform to the new Aut0nom® standard launched by ARGAN in 2022. A photovoltaic plant  coupled with storage batteries  will be installed on the roof. The site's energy consumption  expected to be 6 Gwh/year  a particularly high level due to the production of cold  will be covered for more than 30% by decarbonised green energy produced on site with the Aut0nom® equipment.Financial calendar 2023 (Press release to be issued after the stock exchange)3 rd April : Turnover for the 1 st quarter 2023April : Turnover for the 1 quarter 2023 3 rd July : Turnover for the 2 nd quarter 2023July : Turnover for the 2 quarter 2023 19 th July : Half-yearly results 2023July : Half-yearly results 2023 2nd October : Turnover for the 3rd quarter 2023About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialized in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT. As of 31st December 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million s qm  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and EPRA Europ indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime since 1st July 2007.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretaryPhone : +33 1 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Press RelationsPhone : + 33 6 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['cold warehouse', 'ARGAN', 'Niort', '20,000 sq', '33,000 sq', 'two new negative cold cells', 'three positive cold storage cells', 'two new 12,400 sq m cells', 'real estate investment companies', 'French real estate company', 'new Aut0nom® standard', 'La Crèche', '3.5 million s qm', 'EPRA Europ indices', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Aymar de Germay', 'entire 32,800 sq m', 'decarbonised green energy', 'AGRIAL cooperative group', 'IEIF SIIC France', 'new lease', 'storage batteries', 'French English', 'AGRIAL group', 'energy consumption', 'Aut0nom® system', 'Aut0nom® equipment', 'second phase', 'logistics warehouse', 'future complex', 'carbon footprint', 'first phase', 'office block', 'surface area', 'dairy branch', 'long-term lease', 'major player', 'dairy industry', 'ideal location', 'A10 motorways', 'Atlantic Arc', 'logistics market', 'photovoltaic plant', 'high level', 'Financial calendar', 'Press release', 'stock exchange', 'Half-yearly results', 'Compartment A', 'CAC All-Share', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Aude Vayre', 'Press Relations', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'milk branch', 'dairy production', '3 rd April', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', '31st December', 'Euronext Paris', '1st July', '12.5-hectare site', '20,400 m', '1 quarter', '2 quarter', '100 warehouses', 'ARGAN', 'EURIAL', 'implementation', 'project', 'potential', 'expansion', 'start', 'construction', 'platform', '12 years', 'effect', 'delivery', 'extension', 'stages', 'collection', 'processing', 'marketing', 'commune', 'Niort', 'junction', 'A83', 'heart', 'dynamism', 'improved', 'opportunity', 'roof', '6 Gwh', 'Turnover', 'October', 'DEVELOPMENT', 'RENTAL', 'portfolio', 'ISIN', 'CFO', 'Phone', 'mail', 'Attachment']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,globenewswire.com
21545,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SPAR-NORD-BANK-A-S-1413032/news/Spar-Nord-explores-the-potential-for-issuing-Tier-2-capital-43353926/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Spar Nord explores the potential for issuing Tier 2 capital,(marketscreener.com)  As an element in its ongoing endeavours to optimize the Bank’s capital structure and secure appropriate capital resources  Spar Nord has decided to explore the potential for issuing new Tier 2 capital. In this connection  Spar Nord has …,As an element in its ongoing endeavours to optimize the Bank’s capital structure and secure appropriate capital resources  Spar Nord has decided to explore the potential for issuing new Tier 2 capital.In this connection  Spar Nord has mandated Nykredit as Arranger and Nykredit and Spar Nord Bank as Joint Bookrunners to assess market interest for the potential issue.Subject to market conditions and investor feedback  a Tier 2 capital issue in DKK with a term to maturity of 10 years and the option of prepayment at par 5 years after the date of issuance (subject to regulatory approval)  documented with Spar Nord’s EMTN program dated 9 March 2023  listed on Euronext in Dublin may follow.Please direct any questions regarding this release to Rune Brandt Børglum  Head of Investor Relations  on tel. + 45 9634 4236  or by e-mail at rsn@sparnord.dk.Rune Brandt BørglumHead of Investor RelationsAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Spar Nord', 'Tier 2 capital', 'potential', 'Rune Brandt Børglum', 'appropriate capital resources', 'new Tier 2 capital', 'Tier 2 capital issue', 'Investor Relations Attachment', 'Spar Nord Bank', 'capital structure', 'investor feedback', 'ongoing endeavours', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'market interest', 'potential issue', 'market conditions', 'regulatory approval', 'EMTN program', 'element', 'connection', 'Nykredit', 'Arranger', 'DKK', 'term', 'maturity', '10 years', 'option', 'prepayment', 'date', 'issuance', 'Euronext', 'Dublin', 'questions', 'release', 'Head', 'tel.', 'mail', 'rsn', 'sparnord']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21546,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/Beaconsmind-AG-Raises-CHF-1-9M-to-Finance-Future-Acquisitions-and-Growth-43361197/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Beaconsmind AG Raises CHF 1.9M to Finance Future Acquisitions and Growth,(marketscreener.com) Publication of inside information pursuant to Article 17 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/Beaconsmind-AG-Raises-CHF-1-9M-to-Finance-Future-Acquisitions-and-Growth…,Publication of inside information pursuant to Article 17 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (MAR)Regulatory News:beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) & analytics  announces an equity raise of CHF 1 937 062.50 to increase the share capital from authorised capital with 258 275 new shares issued. The share capital is to be increased by up to CHF 25 827.50 to up to CHF 310 265.90. The new shares are to be offered for subscription to strategic investors and existing shareholders within the framework of a private placement and are entitled to participate in profits from 29 March 2023 onwards. The funds accruing to the company will be used to finance acquisitions and further growth.About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris.For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230328005888/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Beaconsmind AG', 'Future Acquisitions', 'CHF', 'Finance', 'Growth', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'leading SaaS provider', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Regulatory News', 'location-based marketing', 'equity raise', 'share capital', 'authorised capital', 'strategic investors', 'existing shareholders', 'private placement', 'retail chains', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'Software Suite', 'new channel', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'XETRA trading', 'source version', '258,275 new shares', 'inside information', 'LBM) software', 'beaconsmind AG', 'Publication', 'Article', 'Ticker', 'MLBMD', 'field', 'analytics', 'CHF', 'subscription', 'framework', 'profits', '29 March', 'funds', 'company', 'acquisitions', 'growth', 'Switzerland', 'pioneer', 'stores', 'customers', 'retailers', 'solution', 'digital', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'businesswire']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21547,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MINCON-GROUP-PLC-15026241/news/Mincon-Notice-of-AGM-ndash-28-March-2023-43352769/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Mincon : Notice of AGM – 28 March 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Mincon Group plc      Annual Report and Notice of AGM   Mincon Group plc   the Irish engineering group specialising in the design  manufacture  sale and servicing of rock drilling tools and associated products  announces that…,"Mincon Group plc(""Mincon"" or the ""Company"")Annual Report and Notice of AGMMincon Group plc (ESM:MIO AIM:MCON)  the Irish engineering group specialising in the design  manufacture  sale and servicing of rock drilling tools and associated products  announces that the Company's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 and Notice of AGM has been posted to Shareholders and is available on the Company's website atwww.mincon.com.The Company's AGM will be held on Thursday  4 May 2023 at 10.00 a.m. Treacy's Oakwood Hotel  Airport Road  Shannon  Ireland. The Notice of AGM contains details of all resolutions to be proposed at the AGM.Any relevant updates regarding the AGM  including any changes to the arrangements outlined in the Notice will be announced via a Regulatory Information Service.EndMincon Group plcTel: +353 (61) 361 099Joe Purcell - Chief Executive Officer Mark McNamara - Chief Financial OfficerDavy Corporate Finance (Nominated Adviser  Euronext Growth Listing Sponsor and Joint Broker)Tel: +353 (1) 679 6363Anthony Farrell Daragh O' ReillyShore Capital (Joint Broker)Tel: +44 (0)20 7408 4090Malachy McEntyreMark Percy Daniel Bush",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Mincon', 'Notice', 'AGM', '28 March', ""Anthony Farrell Daragh O' Reilly"", 'Euronext Growth Listing Sponsor', 'Mark Percy Daniel Bush', 'Irish engineering group', 'rock drilling tools', 'Regulatory Information Service', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Davy Corporate Finance', 'Mincon Group plc', 'Mark McNamara', 'Annual Report', 'MIO AIM', 'associated products', 'Oakwood Hotel', 'Airport Road', 'relevant updates', 'Joe Purcell', 'Nominated Adviser', 'Joint Broker', 'Shore Capital', 'Malachy McEntyre', 'The Company', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'ESM', 'MCON', 'design', 'manufacture', 'sale', 'servicing', 'Accounts', 'year', 'Shareholders', 'website', 'Thursday', 'May', '10.00 a', 'Treacy', 'Shannon', 'Ireland', 'details', 'resolutions', 'changes', 'arrangements', 'End', '44']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21548,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAE-TECHNOLOGY-S-P-A-146737003/news/FAE-Technology-profits-and-sales-rise-to-double-digits-in-2022-43360127/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,FAE Technology  profits and sales rise to double digits in 2022,(marketscreener.com) FAE Technology Spa reported Tuesday that it ended 2022 with a net profit of EUR2.1 million  up 46 percent from EUR1.4 million in the previous year. Revenues grew 64 percent year-on-year to EUR39.4 million from EUR23.9 million in 2021. Rev…,(Alliance News) - FAE Technology Spa reported Tuesday that it ended 2022 with a net profit of EUR2.1 million  up 46 percent from EUR1.4 million in the previous year.Revenues grew 64 percent year-on-year to EUR39.4 million from EUR23.9 million in 2021. Revenues were 95% attributable to the Solutions business line and the remaining 5% to the Online Solutions/My Fast PCBA line.Ebitda rose 53 percent to EUR3.9 million from EUR2.6 million while operating income grew to EUR3.1 million from EUR2.1 million a year earlier.As of December 31  2022  net debt was EUR3.5 million and an improvement from EUR4.6 million as of December 31  2021. Shareholders' equity increased from EUR3.6 million as of Dec. 31  2021  to EUR10.8 million as of Dec. 31  2022  due to both the result for the year and the capital increase that took place as part of the listing on Euronext Growth Milan.FAE Technology's stock closed Tuesday down 2.7 percent at EUR1.6420 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['FAE Technology', 'double digits', 'profits', 'sales', '2022', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'Fast PCBA line', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'Solutions business line', 'FAE Technology Spa', 'Online Solutions', 'net profit', 'operating income', 'net debt', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'capital increase', 'previous year', 'Revenues', 'Ebitda', 'December', 'improvement', 'Dec.', 'result', 'place', 'part', 'listing', 'stock', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21549,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vivoryon-therapeutics-n-v-provides-050000319.html,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Provides Progress Update on Varoglutamstat Clinical Development for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Provides Progress Update on Varoglutamstat Clinical Development for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease VIVIAD Phase 2b study in ...,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Provides Progress Update on Varoglutamstat Clinical Development for the Treatment of Alzheimer's DiseaseVIVIAD Phase 2b study in Europe on track for final data readout Q1/2024Data from all 259 randomized patients presented at AD/PD show no on-target toxicity and no clinical signs of ARIA  broadening evidence for potential of varoglutamstat in AD to overcome the safety challenges of other drug classesCoding enrichment strategy successfully applied for improved baseline assessment of rescuable deficits in attention and working memory in the study cohortVIVA-MIND Phase 2 study in the U.S. steadily progressing and enrolling at 18 sites; status update expected in 2H/2023DSMB provided unanimous recommendation to continue VIVIAD without modification to dosing regimen  supporting rationale for accelerated uptitration to 600 mg BID dosingHalle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  March 28  2023 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: VVY; NL00150002Q7) (Vivoryon)  a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modulate the activity and stability of pathologically altered proteins  today provided an update on both clinical studies of its lead candidate  varoglutamstat  a small molecule medicine in development for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD)  VIVA-MIND (NCT03919162) and VIVIAD (NCT04498650). Furthermore  the Company presents updated safety data from its European Phase 2b study  VIVIAD  at the 2023 International Conference on Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Diseases and related neurological disorders (AD/PD) in Gothenburg  Sweden.“We are pleased to report that both of our ongoing studies are progressing steadily  and we continue to broaden the overall data package for varoglutamstat with consistently positive incremental results ” commented Dr. Ulrich Dauer  CEO of Vivoryon. “Varoglutamstat is strongly positioned as a differentiated oral  outpatient small molecule that has the potential to significantly impact the AD treatment landscape and address ongoing unmet need. Designed to modulate all major hallmarks of AD including Abeta aggregation  neuroinflammation and tau pathology  and also enabling improvement of synaptic function  varoglutamstat captures the key features of a novel drug that has already exhibited a favorable safety profile with no signs of ARIA side effects. We are incredibly encouraged by what we have been able to report to date  and we see a unique opportunity for ultimately realizing the promise of a widely accessible treatment option in AD with the realistic potential to reach the millions of patients in need.”Story continuesVivoryon is pursuing a unique and highly differentiated approach to AD treatment  with a meticulously designed clinical development strategy. Grounded in the discovery that the enzyme glutaminyl cyclase (QPCT) catalyzes formation of the neurotoxic Abeta variant N3pE- Abeta  a key driver of AD pathology  Vivoryon is pioneering small molecule-based therapies to block this disease pathway. Varoglutamstat is designed to prevent N3pE- Abeta formation  rather than aiming to clear existing plaques  making it an intervention upstream of other approaches such as monoclonal antibodies (mAbs). Through a second mode of action  varoglutamstat also modulates neuroinflammation via the CCL2 pathway  which  in turn  has an impact on tau pathology.“We are extremely encouraged by the exceptionally low discontinuation rates in both of our studies ” added Dr. Michael Schaeffer  CBO of Vivoryon. “Vivoryon is acutely focused on lessening the burden of AD for both patients and their families. As we are addressing an elderly patient population  we know how important it is to design a drug that is convenient. These patients typically have to live with and manage many different health conditions at the same time  which heavily impacts their everyday lives. Many feel overwhelmed by the sheer number of medicines they have to take every day and it is therefore our goal to make taking varoglutamstat as easy and convenient as possible. By investigating options to further optimize the formulation of our tablets  we feel that we have the unique chance to facilitate adherence to the correct dosing in our clinical studies and beyond.”Clinical development of varoglutamstatFollowing a meticulously designed clinical development strategy  varoglutamstat was shown to be well-tolerated in both a completed first-in-human Phase 1 study in over 200 participants and the subsequent first-in-patient Phase 2a study  SAPHIR (NCT02389413)  which enrolled 120 patients suffering from early AD. Importantly  after only 12 weeks of treatment  this study showed evidence of improving not only pathological hallmarks  but also synaptic function and connectivity  cognition  memory and attention in AD patients  including statistically significant changes from baseline in working memory.Building on these encouraging results  Vivoryon based the selection of endpoints for both VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND on the outcome of SAPHIR  as well as on the regulatory draft guidelines for AD drug development introduced by FDA and EMA in 2018. With these two complementary studies  the Company intends to assess if potential cognitive improvements in patients in the European VIVIAD study will translate into an established clinical endpoint in patients in the U.S. VIVA-MIND study.VIVIAD: European Phase 2b study in patients with mild cognitive impairment and mild ADVIVIAD is a state-of-the-art Phase 2b study being conducted in Europe and designed to evaluate the safety  tolerability and efficacy of varoglutamstat in 250 subjects with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and mild AD compared to placebo over the course of 48 to 96 weeks of treatment. The highest dose investigated in the study (600 mg twice daily) was selected by an independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) as final dose after the dose-escalation portion of the study. Enrollment was completed and the study was adapted to enable longer average treatment duration of participants (anticipated average treatment duration ~82 weeks) in the third quarter of 2022. The primary endpoint is a composite of the Neuropsychological Test Battery (NTB) focusing on changes in working memory and attention with secondary endpoints including multiple cognitive  safety and biomarker assessments.Highlights from AD/PD poster titled  VIVIAD  a Phase 2b study investigating varoglutamstat in patients with MCI and mild AD: Update on interim blinded safety results (Poster P0315/#2631)As of the data cut-off date of January 5  2023  over 100 of the 259 participants randomized into the study had been treated for 48 weeks or moreVaroglutamstat showed no on-target toxicity and no clinical signs of brain swelling or hemorrhages (ARIA)  a clearly limiting class side effect of Abeta antibodiesOverall  varoglutamstat was well tolerated in the study to date  with all of the adverse events (AEs) (except for COVID-19 infections) being gastrointestinal  general  or related to the nervous system or skin. Only 14 serious AEs (SAEs) have been reportedA low number of treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) was observed  only 18% of which were considered to be potentially related to study treatmentThe occurrence of AEs normalized per 100 visits is stable at 31 and as few as 19 participants (6.5%) discontinued the study  with only six (2.3%) discontinuing due to AEsBoth the total number of SAEs and the discontinuation rate were considerably lower than the respective numbers at the 800 mg BID varoglutamstat dose in Vivoryon’s completed Phase 2a SAPHIR study (15% SAEs  33% discontinuation)  while retaining a similar level of target inhibition at the dosing in both studiesData from these participants corroborate the beneficial safety data reported previously for varoglutamstat  with no on-study deaths  no on-target toxicity and no clinical signs of ARIA observedA new coding enrichment strategy was applied to ensure that the majority of participants exhibited rescuable deficits in attention and working memory at baseline  enabling reliable assessment of potential cognitive improvement after treatmentOnly five of the 259 participants exhibited normal performance on cognitive tests of the CogState NTB at baseline  demonstrating that the strategy of recruiting individuals with evidence of baseline deficits can be an effective method of enriching a study cohortVivoryon remains on track to report the final data readout from the VIVIAD study in the first quarter of 2024.VIVA-MIND: U.S. Phase 2a/b in patients with early ADVIVA-MIND is a complementary Phase 2 study being conducted in the U.S.  coordinated by the Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study (ADCS) at the University of California San Diego (UCSD) School of Medicine and supported by the National Institute on Aging (NIA)  part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) with a $15 million grant (NIA award number R01AG061146). The study seeks to enroll 180 patients into the Phase 2a adaptive dose-finding portion with the Phase 2b portion  enrolling an additional 234 patients treated at the selected dose for at least 72 weeks  with a total of 414 patients being treated on stable doses of varoglutamstat for 18 months. The VIVA-MIND design was adapted in the third quarter of 2022 to enable all 180 patients to be treated for at least 72 weeks  allowing for the opportunity to progress seamlessly to a potential Phase 3 study. The flexible study design is aimed at increasing the probability of success by broadening option space for adjustments in clinical development based on learnings from VIVIAD and other developments in the field. The primary endpoint for this study is clinical dementia rating scale - sum of boxes (CDR-SB)  an established approvable endpoint measuring a combination of cognitive abilities and activities of daily living. Secondary efficacy endpoints include quantitative EEG theta power  ADAS-Cog 13 and others. Exploratory endpoints include mini-mental state examination (MMSE)  Montreal cognitive assessment (MoCA)  quantitative EEG alpha power  relative QPCT activity in CSF and others.Highlighted study updates:Study is ongoing and continuing to recruit patients at 18 sites across the U.S. Vivoryon expects the first cohort to be fully randomized into the study within the second quarter of this yearFocus on overcoming the challenges historically impacting AD drug development with a uniquely designed study  serving as a complementary to VIVIAD and following a specific dosing scheme implemented to investigate the feasibility of an accelerated uptitration regimenObjective to reach the 600 mg BID dose  the final dose selected in the VIVIAD study  without requiring slow uptitration to reduce the overall burden on patients and study sitesThe study’s independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) has recently provided the unanimous recommendation to continue the study without modificationStudy design allows to potentially transform VIVA-MIND into a Phase 3 study and include further patients beyond the currently planned 414; the decision on actual size will be taken after the readout of the VIVIAD studyVivoryon expects to provide the next update on the VIVA-MIND study in the second half of 2023.“As a neurologist confronted with the severe impact this devastating disease has on peoples’ lives on a daily basis  I am very pleased to see the progress being made in Vivoryon’s varoglutamstat studies and the hope that this new treatment might offer to patients ” commented Dr. Howard Feldman  Professor of Neurosciences and Director of the ADCS at UC San Diego  and the VIVA-MIND study director. “While there remains much to be done in terms of research and development for safe and effective disease-modifying therapies that are widely available to patients  I believe that varoglutamstat represents a new approach to reducing the pathological events in AD. The complementary studies  VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND  present a strong clinical path forward for varoglutamstat. It is encouraging to see the VIVA-MIND trial receive its most recent DSMB recommendation for the trial to continue forward based on their most recent safety review of March 13  2023.”###About Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative small molecule-based medicines. Driven by our passion for ground-breaking science and innovation  we strive to change the lives of patients in need suffering from severe diseases. We leverage our in-depth expertise in understanding post-translational modifications to develop medicines that modulate the activity and stability of proteins which are altered in disease settings. Beyond our lead program  varoglutamstat  which is in Phase 2 clinical development to treat Alzheimer’s disease  we have established a solid pipeline of orally available small molecule inhibitors for various indications including cancer  inflammatory diseases and fibrosis. www.vivoryon.comVivoryon Forward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  those regarding the business strategy  management plans and objectives for future operations of the Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (the “Company”)  estimates and projections with respect to the market for the Company’s products and forecasts and statements as to when the Company’s products may be available. Words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “project ” “predict ” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance; rather they are based on the Management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and trends  the economy and other future conditions. The forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors could materially adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements and from expectations. As a result  no undue reliance should be placed on such forward-looking statements. This press release does not contain risk factors. Certain risk factors that may affect the Company’s future financial results are discussed in the published annual financial statements of the Company. This press release  including any forward-looking statements  speaks only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any information or forward-looking statements contained herein  save for any information required to be disclosed by law.For more information  please contact:Investor ContactStern IRJulie SeidelTel: +1 212-698-8684Email: SternIR-Vivoryon@sternir.comMedia ContactTrophic CommunicationsValeria FisherTel: +49 175 8041816Email: vivoryon@trophic.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.25,0.11,True,English,"['Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Varoglutamstat Clinical Development', 'Progress Update', 'Treatment', 'Alzheimer', 'Disease', 'differentiated oral, outpatient small molecule', 'many different health conditions', '600 mg BID dosing Halle', 'European Phase 2b study', 'Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'patient Phase 2a study', 'VIVIAD Phase 2b study', 'small molecule medicine', 'small molecule-based therapies', 'elderly patient population', 'Coding enrichment strategy', 'related neurological disorders', 'Dr. Ulrich Dauer', 'low discontinuation rates', 'Dr. Michael Schaeffer', 'positive incremental results', 'neurotoxic Abeta variant', 'favorable safety profile', 'final data readout', 'overall data package', 'VIVA-MIND Phase 2 study', 'accessible treatment option', 'clinical development strategy', 'other drug classes', 'clinical stage company', 'ongoing unmet need', 'N3pE- Abeta formation', 'AD treatment landscape', 'Phase 1 study', 'Varoglutamstat Clinical Development', 'differentiated approach', 'study cohort', 'dosing regimen', 'correct dosing', 'safety data', 'Abeta aggregation', 'other approaches', 'encouraging results', 'safety challenges', 'clinical studies', 'ongoing studies', 'target toxicity', 'clinical signs', 'rescuable deficits', 'U.S.', 'unanimous recommendation', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'lead candidate', '2023 International Conference', 'major hallmarks', 'tau pathology', 'synaptic function', 'key features', 'novel drug', 'side effects', 'glutaminyl cyclase', 'key driver', 'existing plaques', 'monoclonal antibodies', 'second mode', 'CCL2 pathway', 'same time', 'everyday lives', 'sheer number', 'pathological hallmarks', 'significant changes', 'Progress Update', 'status update', 'unique opportunity', 'unique chance', 'AD pathology', 'early AD', 'baseline assessment', '259 randomized patients', 'realistic potential', 'disease pathway', 'AD patients', 'working memory', 'medicines', '120 patients', 'Alzheimer', 'track', 'AD/PD', 'evidence', 'attention', '18 sites', '2H', 'DSMB', 'modification', 'rationale', 'uptitration', 'Saale', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'March', 'VVY', 'discovery', 'activity', 'stability', 'proteins', 'Parkinson', 'Diseases', 'Gothenburg', 'Sweden', 'CEO', 'neuroinflammation', 'improvement', 'promise', 'millions', 'Story', 'QPCT', 'intervention', 'mAbs', 'action', 'turn', 'impact', 'CBO', 'burden', 'families', 'goal', 'options', 'formulation', 'tablets', 'adherence', 'human', '200 participants', 'subsequent', 'SAPHIR', '12 weeks', 'connectivity', 'cognition', 'selection', 'endpoints', 'outcome']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21550,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HERIGE-110711922/news/Herige-2022-RESULTS-43359650/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Herige :  2022 RESULTS,(marketscreener.com)  Very strong 2022 resultsTurnover up 11.4% to €792.9 millionImproved operational performance in a highly inflationary environmentNet income  Group share up €2.8 millionHERIGE has released its audited results[1] for the 2022 financi…,"Very strong 2022 resultsTurnover up 11.4% to €792.9 millionImproved operational performance in a highly inflationary environmentNet income  Group share up €2.8 millionHERIGE has released its audited results[1] for the 2022 financial year. The consolidated financial statements were examined by the Supervisory Board at its meeting of March 24  2023.French GAAP – € million 2021 2022 2022/2021change Turnover 712.0 792.9 +11.4% EBITDA1 46.9 55.5 +€8.6 m EBIT 2 31.2 37.2 +€6.0 m Net income 19.3 22.0 +€2.7m Net income  Group share 19.1 21.9 +€2.8 m Net financial debt3 80.5 144.3 +€63.8 m Net cash position 57.3 35.6 -€21.7 m Gearing4 65% 103% +38 pts1 EBITDA: Operating profit + net depreciation and amortization2 EBIT before depreciation  amortization and impairment of goodwill3 Restated for current accounts (€0.5 million in 2022 and €0.5 million in 2021)4 Net financial debt as a percentage of equityCommenting on the Group's annual results for 2022  Benoît Hennaut  Chairman of the Executive Board of HERIGE Group  said: “In 2022  against an unsettled geopolitical  energy and macroeconomic backdrop  the Group has once again achieved excellent results with the support of all its employees. The Group is resolutely customer-oriented and has once again adapted to an unprecedented context by acting on various levers  enabling us to meet sustained demand while preserving our margins. Improving profitability  rolling out an ambitious CSR policy  as demonstrated by our last four acquisitions  enhancing our data strategy and developing our digital tools are the main projects that have contributed to the Group's current success. In 2023  in an increasingly complex environment  the Group will continue to rely on its expertise  organization and optimized operational performance model to support profitable and sustainable growth based on solutions aligned with energy and decarbonization issues.”Growth and improved profitability in 2022In 2022  HERIGE Group posted turnover of €792.9 million  up 11.4% (or 8.3% like-for-like) on 2021. This performance was underpinned by the good momentum of the Group's three businesses and bolstered by a price effect  due to ability to offset inflation  and a favorable volume/product mix effect.HERIGE Group posted a gross margin of €313.0 million  up €34.0 million compared to 2021  representing 39.5% of turnover  up 0.3 points versus 2021.EBITDA for 2022 reached €55.5 million  up 18.3%. This represents an EBITDA margin of 7%  an improvement of 0.4 percentage points on 2021  despite the increase in raw materials  energy and transport prices.Thanks to strong business momentum in all of the Group's businesses and the performance actions that the Group was quick to implement  HERIGE's operating income increased to €37.2 million (up 19.2% compared to 2021) and operating margin came in at 4.7%  versus 4.4% one year earlier.After taking into account a net financial expense of €1.8 million (vs. €1.5 million in 2021) and a non-recurring loss of €1.6 million (vs. €0.4 million one year earlier)  net income  Group share amounted to €21.9 million in 2022 (up €2.8 million compared to 2021).Robust financial structureOrganic investments (excluding external growth) for 2022 amounted to €24.8 million.In addition  HERIGE remains firmly focused on the future and stepped up its selective acquisition strategy in 2022 to support its future growth. In view of this  the Group has strengthened its Concrete Industry business (integration of Audoin & Fils) and its Industrial Joinery business (integration of Activence  MGT and Poralu). Against a backdrop of dynamic external growth  the Group recorded a positive net cash position of €35.6 million and net financial debt of €144.3 million at December 31  2022. With shareholders' equity of €140.2 million  the net debt to equity ratio was 103%  versus 65% in 2021.Restated for acquisitions  the net debt to equity ratio was 59%  with shareholders' equity of €139.9 million and net financial debt of €82.3 million.Proposed dividend payment of €1.80 per shareOn the basis of the 2022 annual results  the Supervisory Board decided to propose to shareholders the payment of a dividend of €1.80 per share at the Annual General Meeting to be held on June 2  2023. The payment will be made from June 12  2023 (ex-coupon date of June 8  2023).Outlook and developmentsIn an uncertain geopolitical and macroeconomic environment  marked by rising interest rates  persistent high inflation and a shrinking new construction market  the Group is approaching 2023 with caution.HERIGE will continue to implement its strategic priorities with a focus on the integration and ramp up of the latest key acquisitions and the consolidation of its level of operational performance. It will also pursue its CSR actions and the roll-out of its energy efficiency offers.NEXT PUBLICATION: Q1 2023 turnover on May 9  2023 (after the close of trading)All our financial communications are available on our website: www.groupe-herige.fr/enAbout HERIGEHERIGE Group focuses on three sectors of the building industry: Building Materials Trading  the Concrete Industry and Industrial Joinery. Originally based in the Vendée region  HERIGE currently employs around 3 000 people and has a strong presence in Western France.HERIGE is listed on Euronext GrowthPEA/PME eligibleIndices: EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS  EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE  ENTERNEXT©PEA-PME 150ISIN FR0000066540  Ticker: ALHRG  Reuters ALHRG.PAHERIGEBenoît Hennaut – Chairman of the Executive BoardCaroline Lutinier – Head of Group Communication & CSRTel.: +33 (0)2 51 08 08 08E-mail: communication@groupe-herige.frACTUS finance & communicationCorinne Puissant – Analyst/Investor RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 – E-mail: cpuissant@actus.frAnne-Catherine Bonjour – Press RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 – E-mail: acbonjour@actus.fr[1] The Statutory Auditors have audited the consolidated financial statements and their report will be issued to coincide with the publication of the annual financial report.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m2ucZJRqZGmWxp9xk8hmnJZlZpqXl5LKZmqWxpadl5fJbGlmnJpmm8qXZnBqlW1q- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79084-herige_ra_2022_vdef_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Herige', '2022 RESULTS', 'shrinking new construction market', 'favorable volume/product mix effect', 'positive net cash position', 'Benoît Hennaut', 'Concrete Industry business', 'Industrial Joinery business', 'rising interest rates', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Robust financial structure', 'ambitious CSR policy', 'strong business momentum', 'selective acquisition strategy', 'Net financial debt3', 'net financial expense', 'last four acquisitions', 'latest key acquisitions', 'Very strong 2022 results', 'persistent high inflation', 'energy efficiency offers', '4 Net financial debt', 'unsettled geopolitical, energy', 'dynamic external growth', 'operational performance model', 'Annual General Meeting', 'net debt', 'price effect', '2022 financial year', 'financial communications', 'Net income', 'data strategy', 'good momentum', 'uncertain geopolitical', 'CSR actions', 'annual results', 'net depreciation', 'inflationary environment', 'Supervisory Board', 'French GAAP', 'Operating profit', 'current accounts', 'Executive Board', 'excellent results', 'unprecedented context', 'various levers', 'sustained demand', 'digital tools', 'main projects', 'current success', 'complex environment', 'sustainable growth', 'decarbonization issues', 'gross margin', 'raw materials', 'transport prices', 'performance actions', 'operating income', 'operating margin', 'non-recurring loss', 'Organic investments', 'coupon date', 'macroeconomic environment', 'strategic priorities', 'NEXT PUBLICATION', 'three sector', 'equity ratio', 'macroeconomic backdrop', 'three businesses', '0.4 percentage points', 'future growth', ""shareholders' equity"", 'The Group', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q1 2023 turnover', 'Group share', 'HERIGE Group', '1 EBITDA', 'March', 'change', 'EBITDA1', 'amortization', '2 EBIT', 'impairment', 'goodwill', 'Chairman', 'support', 'employees', 'margins', 'profitability', 'expertise', 'organization', 'profitable', 'solutions', 'improvement', 'increase', 'addition', 'view', 'integration', 'Audoin', 'Fils', 'Activence', 'MGT', 'Poralu', 'December', 'payment', 'basis', 'June', 'Outlook', 'developments', 'caution', 'focus', 'ramp', 'consolidation', 'level', 'roll', 'May', 'close', 'trading', 'website', '38']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21551,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/28/2636106/0/en/Worldline-completes-the-acquisition-of-Banco-Desio-Merchant-Acquiring-activities.html,Worldline completes the acquisition of Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities,Worldline completed the acquisition ofBanco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities  Reinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with...,English FrenchWorldline completed the acquisition ofBanco Desio Merchant Acquiring activitiesReinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partnerParis  La Défense  March 28  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  announces having completed the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities and the set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage Banco Desio’s banking network in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy.Banco Desio Group is an important Italian banking group with a strong local approach delivered through a network of more than 280 branches. The banking group was looking for a partner to acquire  operate and develop its merchant acquiring portfolio which delivers payment solutions to c. 15 thousand merchants generating c. 40 million transactions per year  representing c. € 2.0 billion of MSV. It also manages the marketing and distribution of more than 19 thousand POS to the merchants within the bank’s network.Banco Desio merchant acquiring activities will be combined within Worldline’s MS Italy joint venture created following the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 owned at 80% by Worldline. As part of the transaction  Worldline also enters a long-term commercial partnership with Banco Desio aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s best-in-class payment product and services to merchants.Key items of the transactionWorldline to acquire Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities through the Worldline MS Italia joint venture for a price of € 80 million corresponding to Worldline ownership in the JV;Additional annual revenue of c. € 15 million in year one with expected double-digit organic growth in the coming years;OMDA margin expected above 30% at closing.Forthcoming eventApril 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 resultsOctober 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 18 000 employees in more than 40 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.28,0.41,True,English,"['Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities', 'Worldline', 'acquisition', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Worldline MS Italia joint venture', 'Banco Desio Merchant Acquiring activities', 'MS Italy joint venture', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'important Italian banking group', 'secure payment transaction processing', 'U.S. stat', 'merchant acquiring portfolio', 'online commercial acquiring', 'promising Italian market', 'c. 40 million transactions', 'Additional annual revenue', 'strong local approach', 'class payment product', 'leading digital payment', 'Banco Desio Group', '4.4 billion euros revenue', 'long-term commercial partnership', 'key commercial channel', 'double-digit organic growth', 'La Défense', 'sustainable economic growth', 'numerous digital services', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'strong banking network', 'English French', 'merchant customers', 'payment products', 'payment solutions', 'Key items', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'Q3 2023 revenue', 'sustainable, trusted', 'market conditions', 'securities laws', 'Axepta Italy', 'strong partner', 'payment services', 'expected growth', 'global leader', '19 thousand POS', 'coming years', 'OMDA margin', 'Forthcoming event', 'payments industry', 'innovative solutions', 'corporate purpose', 'transactional solutions', 'social transformation', 'Actual events', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'other information', 'historical information', 'information purposes', 'technology partner', 'forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'filling number', 'H1 2023 results', 'expected performance', 'Worldline presence', 'Worldline ownership', '15 thousand merchants', 'D.', 'acquisition', 'Reinforcement', 'Paris', 'WLN', 'set-up', 'order', '280 branches', 'MSV', 'marketing', 'distribution', 'price', 'JV', 'closing', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'October', 'Contacts', 'Benoit', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'Euronext', 'choice', 'banks', 'acquirers', '18,000 employees', '40 countries', 'clients', 'instore', 'raison', 'security', 'societies', 'Disclaimer', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'references', 'profitability', 'factors', 'control', 'Company', 'competitors', 'behaviors', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'plans', 'objectives', 'strategies', 'goals', 'synergies', 'AMF', 'Amendment', 'disclaims', 'obligation', 'responsibility', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,globenewswire.com
21552,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AHOLD-DELHAIZE-N-V-29752127/news/Ahold-Delhaize-successfully-priced-its-inaugural-Green-Bond-43359120/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Ahold Delhaize successfully priced its inaugural Green Bond,(marketscreener.com) Zaandam  the Netherlands  March 28  2023 – Ahold Delhaize today announced that it successfully priced a €500 million Green Bond  with a term of 5 years  maturing on April 4  2028. The transaction marks Ahold Delhaize’s inaugural Green Bon…,Zaandam  the Netherlands  March 28  2023 – Ahold Delhaize (the “Company”) today announced that it successfully priced a €500 million Green Bond  with a term of 5 years  maturing on April 4  2028.The transaction marks Ahold Delhaize’s inaugural Green Bond issuance and follows its Sustainability Bond issuance in 2019  the €1bn Sustainability-Linked RCF launched in 2020 and refinanced to €1.5bn in 2022  and the Sustainability-Linked Bond issuance in 2021. All these ESG-labelled financings together reinforce the continued alignment of the Company’s funding strategy to its sustainability strategy and overall ESG ambitions.Use of bond proceedsThe bond proceeds will be used to finance and re-finance Ahold Delhaize’s new or existing environmentally friendly assets with a positive measurable environmental impact in the following categories:Green BuildingsRenewable EnergyEnergy EfficiencyClean TransportationPollution Prevention and ControlUpdated Green Finance FrameworkAhold Delhaize has published an updated Green Finance Framework (the “Framework”) structured in accordance with the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles (2021) and Loan Market Association (LMA) Green Loan Principles (2023) to detail the quality of the Eligible Green Projects and the governance process around green finance. The Framework has been reviewed by the external ESG agency Sustainalytics which has provided a positive Second-Party Opinion.The Green Finance Framework and the relative Second Party Opinion are available here.Confirming commitmentJan Ernst de Groot  Chief Sustainability Officer said: “We’re excited to announce the issuance of the first Green Bond and fourth ESG financing instrument for the Company. This transaction confirms Ahold Delhaize’s aspiration to taking up its sustainability challenges and mobilizing its teams to strive to create sustainable value for all its stakeholders. This step supports our updated climate plans announced last year  and allows us to accelerate our contribution to the transition to sustainable food systems.”Pricing of issuanceThe issuance is priced at 99.851 per cent and carries an annual coupon of 3.500 per cent. The notes will settle on April 4  2023 and shall be listed on Euronext Amsterdam. BofA Securities and ING acted as Green Structuring Co-ordinators. BNP Paribas  BofA Securities  Deutsche Bank  Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  ING and Wells Fargo Securities acted as Joint Bookrunners.- Ends -Cautionary noticeThis communication is not for release  distribution or publication  whether directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part  into or in the United States  Australia  Canada or Japan or any (other) jurisdiction where any of such activities would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction.The offer of bonds referred to in this communication was limited in the EEA and the United Kingdom to qualified investors only. The bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “US Securities Act”) and will also not be registered with any authority competent with respect to securities in any state or other jurisdiction of the United States of America. The bonds may not be offered or sold in the United States of America without either registration of the securities or an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act being applicable.This communication includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words and expressions such as maturing  2028  continued  alignment  strategy  ambitions  will  new  aspiration  strive  accelerate  transition  shall or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements.Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that may cause actual results of Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. (the “Company”) to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include  but are not limited to  the risk factors set forth in the Company’s public filings and other disclosures. Forward-looking statement reflect the current views of the Company’s management and assumptions based on information currently available to the Company’s management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Company does not assume any obligation to update such statements  except as required by law.For more informationPress office Ahold Delhaize: +31 88 6595134 / media.relations@aholddelhaize.comInvestor relations: +31 88 659 5213 / investor.relations@aholddelhaize.comSocial media: Instagram: @Ahold-Delhaize | LinkedIn: @Ahold-Delhaize | Twitter: @AholdDelhaizeAbout Ahold DelhaizeAhold Delhaize is one of the world’s largest food retail groups and a leader in both supermarkets and e-commerce. Its family of great local brands serves 60 million customers each week  both in stores and online  in the United States  Europe  and Indonesia. Together  these brands employ more than 414 000 associates in 7 659 grocery and specialty stores and include the top online retailer in the Benelux and the leading online grocers in the Benelux and the United States. Ahold Delhaize brands are at the forefront of sustainable retailing  sourcing responsibly  supporting local communities and helping customers make healthier choices. The company’s focus on four growth drivers – drive omnichannel growth  elevate healthy and sustainable  cultivate best talent and strengthen operational excellence – is helping to fulfil its purpose  achieve its vision and prepare its brands and businesses for tomorrow. Headquartered in Zaandam  the Netherlands  Ahold Delhaize is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and Brussels stock exchanges (ticker: AD) and its American Depositary Receipts are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. and quoted on the OTCQX International marketplace (ticker: ADRNY). For more information  please visit: www.aholddelhaize.com.,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,mixed,0.47,0.17,0.36,True,English,"['inaugural Green Bond', 'Ahold Delhaize', 'Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE', 'Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V.', 'existing environmentally friendly assets', 'Jan Ernst de Groot', 'positive measurable environmental impact', 'International Capital Markets Association', 'relative Second Party Opinion', 'largest food retail groups', 'fourth ESG financing instrument', 'The Green Finance Framework', 'inaugural Green Bond issuance', 'positive Second-Party Opinion', 'Loan Market Association', 'external ESG agency', '€1bn Sustainability-Linked RCF', 'Green Loan Principles', 'Eligible Green Projects', 'sustainable food systems', 'Green Structuring Co-ordinators', 'great local brands', 'Green Bond Principles', 'first Green Bond', 'Chief Sustainability Officer', '€500 million Green Bond', 'overall ESG ambitions', 'Wells Fargo Securities', 'US Securities Act', 'Sustainability-Linked Bond issuance', 'Sustainability Bond issuance', 'other similar words', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Green Buildings', 'bond proceeds', 'sustainability challenges', 'sustainable value', '60 million customers', 'BofA Securities', 'other factors', 'other disclosures', 'sustainability strategy', 'ESG-labelled financings', 'following categories', 'Renewable Energy', 'Energy Efficiency', 'Clean Transportation', 'Pollution Prevention', 'governance process', 'Confirming commitment', 'climate plans', '99.851 per cent', 'annual coupon', '3.500 per cent', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'BNP Paribas', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'Cautionary notice', 'United States', 'relevant laws', 'United Kingdom', 'qualified investors', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Such factors', 'risk factors', 'public filings', 'Forward-looking statement', 'current views', 'Press office', 'Social media', 'funding strategy', 'looking statements', 'other jurisdiction', 'continued alignment', 'Investor relations', 'Zaandam', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'term', '5 years', 'April', 'transaction', 'Use', 'Control', 'updated', 'accordance', 'ICMA', 'LMA', 'quality', 'Sustainalytics', 'aspiration', 'teams', 'stakeholders', 'step', 'contribution', 'transition', 'Pricing', 'notes', 'Ends', 'communication', 'release', 'distribution', 'publication', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'activities', 'violation', 'offer', 'bonds', 'EEA', 'authority', 'respect', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'expressions', 'maturing', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'management', 'assumptions', 'information', 'obligation', 'aholddelhaize', 'Instagram', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'world', 'leader', 'supermarkets', 'e-commerce', 'family']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21553,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/28/2635352/0/en/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-update-on-share-buy-back-programme-21-March-2023-27-March-2023.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 21 March 2023 – 27 March 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  28 March 2023    In the period from 21 March 2023 until 27 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased......,English DutchAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  28 March 2023In the period from 21 March 2023 until 27 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 38 073 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.13 per share for a total amount of €1 032 828.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 237 470.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'March', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'English Dutch', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '28 March', 'period', '21 March', '27 March', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'mediarelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,globenewswire.com
21554,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CTAC-N-V-6321/news/Ctac-N-CEO-Pieter-Paul-Saasen-steps-down-due-to-health-reasons-43353170/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Ctac N : CEO Pieter-Paul Saasen steps down due to health reasons,(marketscreener.com)   's-Hertogenbosch 28 March 2023 - Business & Cloud Integrator Ctac N.V. today announces that Pieter-Paul Saasen is resigning his position as CEO and stepping down as statutory director with immediate effect due to health reasons. This …,"'s-Hertogenbosch 28 March 2023 - Business & Cloud Integrator Ctac N.V. ('Ctac') (Euronext Amsterdam: CTAC) today announces that Pieter-Paul Saasen is resigning his position as CEO and stepping down as statutory director with immediate effect due to health reasons. This decision was taken in proper consultation with the Supervisory Board.Mr Saasen was appointed as the new CFO in 2019 and appointed as CEO of Ctac in 2021. He then led the company through a successful transformation and in doing so laid a strong foundation for future growth.Chairman of the Supervisory Board Harry Hendriks: ""As Supervisory Board  we are deeply affected by this personal news. Under Pieter-Paul's leadership  Ctac made great strides in a short period of time. With boundless energy and drive  over the past few years he has worked successfully on the transformation of Ctac into a more client-centric organisation and the creation of a corporate culture that prioritises employees and their talent development. We wish Pieter-Paul and his loved ones all the courage and strength they will need in these uncertain times for them.""Pieter-Paul's CEO duties will be assumed for the time being by CFO Paul de Koning and interim CFO Wim Geraarts. With immediate effect  the Supervisory Board has appointed them as temporary directors. Mr De Koning has many years of experience in the technology sector  having held various senior management positions  including at NXP and Philips. From 2015 to 2022  he was CFO of Neways Electronics International. Mr Geraarts has served as interim CFO since 2021. During this period  he co-led the transformation process and built a thorough knowledge of the business. Prior to his appointment  he was CFO of IT distributor Copaco for more than 20 years.On 2 March 2023  the Supervisory Board informed the upcoming Annual General Meeting of Shareholders about the intended appointment of Mr De Koning as a statutory member of the Board of Directors in the role of CFO. After the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders has been consulted on this matter  the Supervisory Board will make a final appointment decision.The Supervisory Board starts the search for a successor to Mr Saasen.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['CEO Pieter-Paul Saasen', 'Ctac N', 'health reasons', 'various senior management positions', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'CFO Paul de Koning', 'interim CFO Wim Geraarts', 'Mr De Koning', 'Neways Electronics International', 'Ctac N.V.', 'The Supervisory Board', 'final appointment decision', 'Mr Geraarts', 'Mr Saasen', 'new CFO', 'Cloud Integrator', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statutory director', 'immediate effect', 'health reasons', 'proper consultation', 'strong foundation', 'future growth', 'Harry Hendriks', 'personal news', 'great strides', 'boundless energy', 'client-centric organisation', 'corporate culture', 'talent development', 'uncertain times', 'technology sector', 'thorough knowledge', 'IT distributor', 'statutory member', 'successful transformation', 'transformation process', 'short period', 'temporary directors', 'CEO duties', 'many years', 'Pieter-Paul Saasen', '20 years', 'Hertogenbosch', 'Business', 'company', 'Chairman', 'leadership', 'drive', 'past', 'creation', 'employees', 'loved', 'courage', 'strength', 'experience', 'NXP', 'Philips', 'Copaco', '2 March', 'Shareholders', 'intended', 'role', 'matter', 'search', 'successor']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21555,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ID-LOGISTICS-GROUP-10372316/news/ID-Logistics-Martin-Whitcombe-appointed-Global-Director-of-E-commerce-FMCG-and-Fashion-Market-Dev-43353678/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,ID Logistics : Martin Whitcombe appointed Global Director of E-commerce  FMCG and Fashion Market Development,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Orgon  the 28 march 2023   ID Logistics  the international leader in contract logistics  announces the appointment of Martin Whitcombe as Global Director of E-commerce  FMCG and Fashion Market Development.   M…,"PRESS RELEASEOrgon  the 28 march 2023ID Logistics  the international leader in contract logistics  announces the appointment of Martin Whitcombe as Global Director of E-commerce  FMCG and Fashion Market Development.Martin's role within ID Logistics will be to lead the commercial development of three focus verticals (e-commerce  FMCG and Fashion) in collaboration with the group's national entities.With over thirty years of professional experience  Martin Whitcombe will bring to ID Logistics the extensive knowledge that he has gained over the years of working within international supply chains. He will report to Ludovic Lamaud  Executive Vice President  Development and Innovation of the Group.Martin Whitcombe began his career in 1989 when he joined Christian Salvesen's as an Operations Graduate trainee before moving to DHL as Director of Operations - Chilled. In 1997  he joined Unilever where he held the position of Director of National Logistics until 2003  then Director of Logistics for Europe. In 2010  he continued his career at Kuehne + Nagel as Vice President of Consumer Business Development  where he developed the retail  FMCG and e-commerce sectors. Prior to joining ID Logistics  Martin Whitcombe served as Vice President of International Supply Chain for Sysco Group.""We are very pleased that Martin has agreed to join us to accelerate our development in three strategic business sectors for our company: e-commerce  consumer goods and fashion. Martin brings us a strong international vision and unparalleled experience""  Eric Hémar  President of ID Logistics.""I am delighted to join ID Logistics. My know-how and knowledge of international supply chains will complement the dynamism of this energetic company. By focussing on development with international clients we seek to bring ID Logistics passion for innovation  customer centricity  optimised solutions and CSR to these three specific market segments"" said Martin Whitcombe  Director of Development.ID Logistics  headed by Eric Hémar  is an international contract logistics group  with a turnover of €2.5 billion in 2022. ID Logistics manages 365 sites in 17 countries representing more than 8 million m² operated in Europe  America  Asia and Africa  with 30 000 employees.With a balanced customer portfolio between distribution  industry  healthcare and e-commerce  ID Logistics is characterized by offers involving a high level of technology. Developing a social and environmental approach through multiple original projects since its creation in 2001  the Group is now resolutely committed to an ambitious CSR policy. The ID Logistics share is listed on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris  compartment AID LOGISTICS PRESS CONTACT:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Fashion Market Development', 'ID Logistics', 'Martin Whitcombe', 'Global Director', 'E-commerce', 'FMCG', 'three specific market segments', 'three strategic business sectors', 'The ID Logistics share', 'ID LOGISTICS PRESS CONTACT', 'international contract logistics group', 'three focus verticals', 'Kuehne + Nagel', 'Eric Hémar', 'multiple original projects', 'international supply chains', 'strong international vision', 'balanced customer portfolio', 'Operations Graduate trainee', 'ambitious CSR policy', 'ID Logistics passion', 'Consumer Business Development', 'Executive Vice President', 'Fashion Market Development', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'regulated market', 'international leader', 'international clients', 'consumer goods', 'customer centricity', 'National Logistics', 'e-commerce sectors', 'national entities', 'professional experience', 'Ludovic Lamaud', 'Christian Salvesen', 'unparalleled experience', '8 million m²', 'high level', 'environmental approach', 'Sysco Group', 'commercial development', 'Martin Whitcombe', 'thirty years', 'extensive knowledge', 'energetic company', 'Global Director', 'Orgon', '28 march', 'appointment', 'FMCG', 'role', 'collaboration', 'Innovation', 'career', 'DHL', 'Unilever', 'position', 'Europe', 'retail', 'know-how', 'dynamism', 'solutions', 'turnover', '365 sites', '17 countries', 'America', 'Asia', 'Africa', '30 000 employees', 'distribution', 'industry', 'healthcare', 'offers', 'technology', 'social', 'creation', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'compartment']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21556,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-update-on-share-buy-back-programme-21-March-2023-ndash-27-March-2023-43353108/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 21 March 2023 – 27 March 2023,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  28 March 2023 In the period from 21 March 2023 until 27 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 38 073 of its own shares . The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.13 per s…,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  28 March 2023In the period from 21 March 2023 until 27 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 38 073 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.13 per share for a total amount of €1 032 828.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 237 470.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'March', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '28 March', 'period', '21 March', '27 March', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21557,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/Beaconsmind-AG-raises-CHF-1-9M-to-finance-future-acquisitions-and-growth-43361320/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Beaconsmind AG raises CHF 1.9M to finance future acquisitions and growth,(marketscreener.com) EQS-Ad-hoc: beaconsmind AG / Key word: Capital Increasebeaconsmind AG raises CHF 1.9M to finance future acquisitions and growth 28-March-2023 / 22:57 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regula…,EQS-Ad-hoc: beaconsmind AG / Key word(s): Capital Increasebeaconsmind AG raises CHF 1.9M to finance future acquisitions and growth28-March-2023 / 22:57 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Publication of inside information pursuant to Article 17 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (MAR)beaconsmind AG raises CHF 1.9M to finance future acquisitions and growthZurich  Schweiz – 28 March 2023 –beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) & analytics  announces an equity raise of CHF 1 937 062.50 to increase the share capital from authorised capital with 258 275 new shares issued. The share capital is to be increased by up to CHF 25 827.50 to up to CHF 310 265.90. The new shares are to be offered for subscription to strategic investors and existing shareholders within the framework of a private placement and are entitled to participate in profits from 29 March 2023 onwards. The funds accruing to the company will be used to finance acquisitions and further growth.About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris.For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.35,0.31,True,English,"['Beaconsmind AG', 'future acquisitions', 'CHF', 'growth', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'leading SaaS provider', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'EQS Group AG', 'EQS News', 'Key word', 'Capital Increase', 'location-based marketing', 'equity raise', 'share capital', 'authorised capital', 'strategic investors', 'existing shareholders', 'private placement', 'retail chains', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'Software Suite', 'brand-new channel', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'XETRA trading', 'future acquisitions', 'inside information', '258,275 new shares', 'LBM) software', 'beaconsmind AG', 'EQS-Ad', 'CHF', 'growth', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Publication', 'Zurich', 'Schweiz', '28 March', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'MLBMD', 'field', 'analytics', 'subscription', 'framework', 'profits', '29 March', 'funds', 'company', 'Switzerland', 'pioneer', 'stores', 'customers', 'retailers', 'solution', 'digital', 'Euronext', 'Paris', '22']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21558,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HERIGE-110711922/news/HERIGE-2022-Annual-results-43359698/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,HERIGE : 2022 Annual results,(marketscreener.com)   2022 RESULTS   L'Herbergement  March 28  2023 - 6 p.m.   Very strong 2022 results      Turnover up 11.4% to €792.9 million      Improved operational performance in a highly...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stoc…,"2022 RESULTSL'Herbergement  March 28  2023 - 6 p.m.Very strong 2022 results Turnover up 11.4% to €792.9 million Improved operational performance in a highly inflationary environment Net income  Group share up €2.8 millionHERIGE has released its audited results1 for the 2022 financial year. The consolidated financial statements were examined by the Supervisory Board at its meeting of March 24  2023.French GAAP -€ million 2021 Turnover 712.0 EBITDA1 46.9 EBIT2 31.2 Net income 19.3 Net income  Group share 19.1 Net financial debt3 80.5 Net cash position 57.3 Gearing4 65% 1 EBITDA: Operating profit + net depreciation and amortization 2 EBIT before depreciation  amortization and impairment of goodwill 3 Restated for current accounts (€0.5 million in 2022 and €0.5 million in 2021) 4 Net financial debt as a percentage of equity2022 2022/2021 change 792.9 +11.4% 55.5 +€8.6 m 37.2 +€6.0 m 22.0 +€2.7m 21.9 +€2.8 m 144.3 +€63.8 m 35.6 -€21.7 m 103% +38 ptsCommenting on the Group's annual results for 2022  Benoît Hennaut  Chairman of the Executive Board of HERIGE Group  said: ""In 2022  against an unsettled geopolitical  energy and macroeconomic backdrop  the Group has once again achieved excellent results with the support of all its employees. The Group is resolutely customer-oriented and has once again adapted to an unprecedented context by acting on various levers  enabling us to meet sustained demand while preserving our margins. Improving profitability  rolling out an ambitious CSR policy  as demonstrated by our last four acquisitions  enhancing our data strategy and developing our digital tools are the main projects that have contributed to the Group's current success. In 2023  in an increasingly complex environment  the Group will continue to rely on its expertise  organization and optimized operational performance model to support profitable and sustainable growth based on solutions aligned with energy and decarbonization issues.""Growth and improved profitability in 2022In 2022  HERIGE Group posted turnover of €792.9 million  up 11.4% (or 8.3% like-for-like) on 2021. This performance was underpinned by the good momentum of the Group's three businesses and bolstered by a price effect  due to ability to offset inflation  and a favorable volume/product mix effect.1 The Statutory Auditors have audited the consolidated financial statements and their report will be issued to coincide with the publication of the annual financial report.HERIGE Group posted a gross margin of €313.0 million  up €34.0 million compared to 2021  representing 39.5% of turnover  up 0.3 points versus 2021.EBITDA for 2022 reached €55.5 million  up 18.3%. This represents an EBITDA margin of 7%  an improvement of 0.4 percentage points on 2021  despite the increase in raw materials  energy and transport prices.Thanks to strong business momentum in all of the Group's businesses and the performance actions that theGroup was quick to implement  HERIGE's operating income increased to €37.2 million (up 19.2% compared to 2021) and operating margin came in at 4.7%  versus 4.4% one year earlier.After taking into account a net financial expense of €1.8 million (vs. €1.5 million in 2021) and a non-recurring loss of €1.6 million (vs. €0.4 million one year earlier)  net income  Group share amounted to €21.9 million in 2022 (up €2.8 million compared to 2021).Robust financial structureOrganic investments (excluding external growth) for 2022 amounted to €24.8 million.In addition  HERIGE remains firmly focused on the future and stepped up its selective acquisition strategy in 2022 to support its future growth. In view of this  the Group has strengthened its Concrete Industry business (integration of Audoin & Fils) and its Industrial Joinery business (integration of Activence  MGT and Poralu). Against a backdrop of dynamic external growth  the Group recorded a positive net cash position of €35.6 million and net financial debt of €144.3 million at December 31  2022. With shareholders' equity of €140.2 million  the net debt to equity ratio was 103%  versus 65% in 2021.Restated for acquisitions  the net debt to equity ratio was 59%  with shareholders' equity of €139.9 million and net financial debt of €82.3 million.Proposed dividend payment of €1.80 per shareOn the basis of the 2022 annual results  the Supervisory Board decided to propose to shareholders the payment of a dividend of €1.80 per share at the Annual General Meeting to be held on June 2  2023. The payment will be made from June 12  2023 (ex-coupon date of June 8  2023).Outlook and developmentsIn an uncertain geopolitical and macroeconomic environment  marked by rising interest rates  persistent high inflation and a shrinking new construction market  the Group is approaching 2023 with caution.HERIGE will continue to implement its strategic priorities with a focus on the integration and ramp up of the latest key acquisitions and the consolidation of its level of operational performance. It will also pursue its CSR actions and the roll-out of its energy efficiency offers.NEXT PUBLICATION: Q1 2023 turnover on May 9  2023 (after the close of trading)All our financial communications are available on our website: www.groupe-herige.fr/enABOUT HERIGEHERIGEHERIGE Group focuses on three sectors of the building industry: Building Materials Trading  the Concrete Industry and Industrial Joinery. Originally based in the Vendée region  HERIGE currently employs around 3 000 people and has a strong presence in Western France.HERIGE is listed on Euronext Growth PEA/PME eligibleIndices: EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS  EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE  ENTERNEXT©PEA-PME 150ISIN FR0000066540  Ticker: ALHRG  Reuters ALHRG.PABenoît Hennaut - Chairman of the Executive BoardCaroline Lutinier - Head of Group Communication & CSRTel.: +33 (0)2 51 08 08 08E-mail:communication@groupe-herige.frACTUS finance & communicationCorinne Puissant - Analyst/Investor Relations Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - E-mail:cpuissant@actus.frAnne-Catherine Bonjour - Press RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 - E-mail:acbonjour@actus.fr",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Annual results', 'HERIGE', 'shrinking new construction market', 'favorable volume/product mix effect', 'positive net cash position', 'Benoît Hennaut', 'Concrete Industry business', 'Industrial Joinery business', 'rising interest rates', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Robust financial structure', 'ambitious CSR policy', 'The Statutory Auditors', 'strong business momentum', 'selective acquisition strategy', 'Net financial debt3', 'net financial expense', 'last four acquisitions', 'latest key acquisitions', 'Very strong 2022 results', 'persistent high inflation', 'energy efficiency offers', 'unsettled geopolitical, energy', 'dynamic external growth', 'Annual General Meeting', 'annual financial report', 'operational performance model', 'net debt', 'price effect', '2022 financial year', 'Net income', 'annual results', 'data strategy', 'good momentum', 'uncertain geopolitical', 'CSR actions', 'net depreciation', ""L'Herbergement"", 'inflationary environment', 'Supervisory Board', 'French GAAP', 'Operating profit', 'current accounts', 'Executive Board', 'excellent results', 'unprecedented context', 'various levers', 'sustained demand', 'digital tools', 'main projects', 'current success', 'complex environment', 'sustainable growth', 'decarbonization issues', 'gross margin', 'raw materials', 'transport prices', 'performance actions', 'operating income', 'operating margin', 'non-recurring loss', 'Organic investments', 'coupon date', 'macroeconomic environment', 'strategic priorities', 'The Group', 'equity ratio', 'macroeconomic backdrop', 'three businesses', '0.4 percentage points', 'future growth', ""shareholders' equity"", 'EBITDA margin', 'Group share', 'HERIGE Group', '1 EBITDA', 'March', 'Turnover', 'results1', 'EBITDA1', '9 EBIT2', 'amortization', 'impairment', 'goodwill', 'Chairman', 'support', 'employees', 'margins', 'profitability', 'expertise', 'organization', 'profitable', 'solutions', 'publication', 'improvement', 'increase', 'addition', 'view', 'integration', 'Audoin', 'Fils', 'Activence', 'MGT', 'Poralu', 'December', 'payment', 'basis', 'June', 'Outlook', 'developments', 'caution', 'focus', 'ramp', 'consolidation', 'level', 'roll', '6', '38']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21559,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WALLIX-GROUP-22497377/news/Wallix-Group-WALLIX-Signs-a-Technological-Alliance-with-Kleverware-to-Strengthen-Cloud-Securit-43352879/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Wallix Group :  WALLIX Signs a Technological Alliance with Kleverware to Strengthen Cloud Security,(marketscreener.com)  WALLIX and Kleverware  the European pioneer and specialist in access and digital identity governance  have signed a technological alliance to strengthen the security of cloud infrastructures.By integrating their technologies  WALLIX…,"WALLIX and Kleverware  the European pioneer and specialist in access and digital identity governance  have signed a technological alliance to strengthen the security of cloud infrastructures.By integrating their technologies  WALLIX and Kleverware offer a complete CIEM (Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management) solution that maps  manages  and secures all access - human or machine - to IT resources used by organizations' cloud services.As a result  WALLIX and Kleverware ensure the protection of data hosted in the cloud  detection and resilience to cyberattacks  business continuity of cloud services  and compliance with cybersecurity regulations.Paris  March 28  2023 – WALLIX  (Euronext ALLIX) a European cybersecurity software provider and expert in digital access and identity solutions  and Kleverware  the European pioneer and specialist in digital access and identity governance  have signed a technological alliance to strengthen the security of cloud infrastructures. By integrating their technologies  WALLIX and Kleverware offer a complete solution that maps  manages  and secures all access - whether human or machine - to IT resources (data  software…) used by cloud services (applications  storage…) subscribed by organizations. Thus  WALLIX and Kleverware ensure the protection of data hosted in the cloud  the detection and resilience to cyberattacks  the business continuity of cloud services  and compliance with cybersecurity regulations.Cloud services are booming...With the pandemic  organizations around the world have experienced an acceleration of their digital transformation. To ensure business continuity  organizations have turned  among other things  to cloud services that enable remote and collaborative work (data storage and sharing  software accessible from a web application  etc.). After the pandemic  the use of cloud services has become widespread. Indeed  cloud services offer many advantages in addition to facilitating remote work: agility  flexibility  cost reduction  and performance. Consequently  the market for cloud services is booming. According to the analyst firm Gartner  this market is growing by more than 20% over last year and is estimated to be worth $600 billion by 2023.... but increase the cyber risk for organizationsThis massive increase in the use of cloud services considerably increases the cyber risk for organizations. Indeed  by using a cloud provider - several in the context of a multi-cloud policy - organizations multiply the locations where their often-critical IT resources are located. And the fact that there are so many locations makes it essential to protect the access of users of these cloud services (employees  suppliers  customers  partners  terminals  connected objects  applications  etc.). Moreover  to implement  operate  and maintain these cloud services  the number of users - human or machine - who have access to the cloud provider's IT infrastructures  and therefore to the organizations' resources  is numerous. This represents a multitude of access that must be managed to ensure that no user can access more resources than necessary. This drastically reduces the risk of malicious intent and prevents the spread of a cyberattack in the event of identity theft.The answer: Combining the skills of WALLIX and Kleverware to offer a complete solutionWithout an appropriate solution  access rights management becomes a real headache for organizations. This is why WALLIX  an expert in PAM (Privileged Access Management)  and Kleverware  an expert in IAG (Identity & Access Governance)  combine their skills to offer organizations a CIEM (Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management) solution.This solution will continuously monitor the access rights of users who have access to cloud infrastructure resources. It will make it possible to know who is authorized to access what  from where  and why. And  above all  it will ensure that users have the rights they are supposed to have  according to their profile. In particular  it will:Map the resources in the cloudVisualize the users of these resources and their access rightsIdentify sensitive users (privileged accounts) and secure their accessRecord sessions of sensitive users to guarantee the traceability of their actionsApply the principle of least privilege for all other users (minimum permissions required to perform their predefined tasks)Ensure that users are authorized to perform the task according to their profile and for a given periodTrigger an alert in case of suspected identity theft or internal maliciousness and cut off accessWALLIX and Kleverware thus help organizations to strengthen cloud cybersecurity based on robust governance of digital identities and access while ensuring regulatory compliance (RGPD  NIS2…).""With this strategic alliance  recognized experts in their respective fields naturally join forces so that organizations can accelerate their digital transformation. Our duty is to help them reduce cyber risk  while increasing their governance capacity. Today  our complementary technologies will serve to build a more secure world that meets the aspirations of companies  while allowing them to better respond to standards and regulations "" explains Bertrand Augé  CEO of Kleverware.""This strategic alliance is part of our ambition to build a responsible digital world  guaranteeing data protection and privacy. At a time when the GAFAMs are capturing two thirds of the world's turnover  it is time for interoperability. We  the European cybersecurity industry  have the power to make our technologies a cybersecurity standard for the whole world. We must work together to create a powerful offering that applies to all digital providers. In this way  organizations will no longer have to choose between performance and cybersecurity  they will evolve in a digital world secured by design  by our technologies "" says Jean-Noël de Galzain  CEO and founder of WALLIX.ABOUT KLEVERWAREKleverware  a French editor  has been a forerunner in the field of identity and access governance since 2005. With its innovations and the recognition of the market by obtaining labels (France Cybersecurity  Bpifrance Excellence...)  Kleverware demonstrates the innovation and robustness of its solutions. For years  these solutions have been used by big names in the banking  insurance  and retail industries to audit hundreds of thousands of rights every day.www.kleverware.comABOUT WALLIXWALLIX is the European specialist in access and digital identity security and the world leader in PAM (Privileged Access Management). Its technologies enable organizations to meet today's challenges in IT network protection and data security. They also provide detection and resilience to cyberattacks and protect organizations' digital assets in addition to maintaining business continuity of IT systems  in the cloud  and in industrial networks. These technologies simplify compliance with regulatory requirements for access to critical IT infrastructure and data. With its PAM4ALL  PAM4OT  and Trustelem solutions  WALLIX helps its customers modernize their information systems and put cybersecurity at the service of their digital transformation. The company relies on a network of certified distributors  resellers  and integrators to support more than 2 000 organizations worldwide in all sectors of the economy. The company is listed on Euronext (ALLIX). The founders and managers  as well as the investment structure Thierry Dassault Holding are the historical reference shareholders.OT.security by WALLIX is a brand dedicated to the security of digital access and identities in industrial environments.WALLIX affirms its digital responsibility and is committed to contributing to the construction of a trusted European digital space  guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of data for organizations as well as for individuals concerned about the protection of their digital identity and privacy. Digital technology  whether for professional or personal use  must be ethical and responsible in order to pursue a secure societal digital transformation that respects individual freedoms.www.wallix.com | info@wallix.comPRESS CONTACTWALLIXCharlène MOUGEOT - Communication Managercmougeot@wallix.comFINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONACTUS Finance & CommunicationInvestor Relations - Hélène DE WATTEVILLE+33 1 53 67 36 33 / wallix@actus.frPress Relations - Déborah SCHWARTZ+33 6 27 09 05 73 / dschwartz@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yGick5Zmam/Il3KfY8tsa2Nra2aUxpWcaGecxmlrapmZaG5imG6UZseaZnBqlWtp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79063-20230328_kleverware_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.1,0.8,True,English,"['Technological Alliance', 'Cloud Security', 'Wallix Group', 'Kleverware', 'Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management) solution', 'European cybersecurity software provider', 'cloud infrastructure resources', 'Privileged Access Management', 'access rights management', 'critical IT resources', 'digital identity governance', ""organizations' cloud services"", 'cloud provider', 'cloud cybersecurity', 'European pioneer', 'cybersecurity regulations', 'privileged accounts', 'IT infrastructures', 'robust governance', 'governance capacity', 'cloud infrastructures', 'complete solution', 'digital transformation', 'appropriate solution', 'digital identities', 'technological alliance', 'business continuity', 'Euronext ALLIX', 'identity solutions', 'other things', 'collaborative work', 'web application', 'many advantages', 'cost reduction', 'analyst firm', 'last year', 'massive increase', 'multi-cloud policy', 'connected objects', 'malicious intent', 'identity theft', 'real headache', 'Record sessions', 'least privilege', 'minimum permissions', 'predefined tasks', 'internal maliciousness', 'strategic alliance', 'respective fields', 'cyber risk', 'Access Governance', 'digital access', 'complete CIEM', 'remote work', 'many locations', 'sensitive users', 'other users', 'regulatory compliance', 'complementary technologies', ""organizations' resources"", 'data storage', 'WALLIX', 'Kleverware', 'specialist', 'human', 'machine', 'result', 'protection', 'detection', 'resilience', 'cyberattacks', 'Paris', 'expert', 'applications', 'pandemic', 'world', 'acceleration', 'sharing', 'addition', 'agility', 'flexibility', 'performance', 'market', 'Gartner', 'context', 'fact', 'employees', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'partners', 'terminals', 'number', 'multitude', 'spread', 'event', 'answer', 'skills', 'PAM', 'IAG', 'profile', 'traceability', 'actions', 'principle', 'period', 'alert', 'case', 'RGPD', 'forces', 'duty']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21560,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RECTICEL-5970/news/Recticel-Successful-completion-of-the-PUReSmart-project-43353388/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Recticel : Successful completion of the PUReSmart project,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Occasional information   Brussels  28 March 2023 - 09:00 CET   Successful completion of the PUReSmart project   On the way to a closed loop for PUR mattresses      • Chemical...https://www.marketscree…,"PRESS RELEASEOccasional informationBrussels  28 March 2023 - 09:00 CETSuccessful completion of the PUReSmart projectOn the way to a closed loop for PUR mattresses• Chemical recycling of both flexible foam raw materials is now proven• Recticel coordinated four-years EU-funded research project• Covestro drives further development through to industrial use• Evocycle® CQ Mattress is Covestro's first chemical recycling initiativeNow that the Europe-wide research project ""PUReSmart"" has come to an end  Recticel and the leading company Covestro are pleased with the positive outcome. They were able to demonstrate that the two main raw materials originally used in flexible polyurethane (PU) foam from mattresses can be recovered by chemical means to a high level of quality and purity. For the first time  a flexible foam sample has now been produced from fully recycled polyol and toluene diisocyanate (TDI)  respectively. Both raw materials were obtained in Covestro's pilot plant in Leverkusen.""With this we have fully achieved the goal of developing a technology to chemically recycle these products and convert polyurethane into a high-quality recycled material "" says Bart Haelterman  R&D Director at Recticel. ""For the first time in history polyurethane is truly fitting into a circular economy."" The European Union funded the PUReSmart project with six million euros over a four-year period under its Horizon 2020 research and innovation program (agreement No. 814543).Building on the PUReSmart project  Covestro is working with partners from the waste management industry to drive the further development of flexible foam recycling through to industrial use. ""Our goal is to turn waste into valuable raw materials and to anchor the principle of the circular economy in our company and along the value chain with our partners to achieve this "" says Christine Mendoza-Frohn  EVP Head of Performance Materials Sales EMEA & LATAM of Covestro.That's why we make innovative recycling a priority. We call this ongoing Evolution of Recycling: Evocycle® CQ. The first initiative of this kind is dedicated to the chemolysis of PU mattress foam and is called 'Evocycle® CQ Mattress'. This underlines our willingness to further invest in this technology "" says Christine Mendoza-Frohn.Raw materials in high yield and purityUnlike other chemical processes for recycling PU flexible foam  the process does not use fossil-based polyol. It requires only the pre-sorted foam from mattress waste  a glycol and an additive. During chemolysis  the polyol and toluene diamine (TDA)  the precursor to TDI  are recovered in high purity and yield. After reprocessing  they can be used again as often as required for the production of new PU flexible foams. The other agents are also available again for further chemolysis processes. This ensures a sustainable circular economy for PU flexible foam with a reduced CO2 footprint.Goal: industrial value cycleCovestro's first initiative  Evocycle® CQ Mattress transforms end-of-life mattress foam directly back into PU main building blocks creating a streamlined circular eco-system. Covestro want to close the loop for the PU mattress industry by turning waste into valuable resources  reducing the use of fossil fuels and aiming to decrease significantly CO2 emissions. However  there are still many steps to take before this vision becomes a reality  mainly related to expanding the scale of chemolysis  or upscaling.The journey began for Covestro in 2019  leading to the start of a pilot plant at the Leverkusen site as early as 2021 to verify the positive laboratory results achieved to date. If the trials continue to be successful  the company plans to build a larger recycling plant to validate the technology in an industrial simulation environment.However  an effective and cost-efficient supply of used PU mattresses is also crucial to building a circular economy. To achieve this  large quantities must be collected  broken down into individual components such as springs  textiles and foam parts  and the foam components pre-sorted according to purity and density. This can only succeed in close cooperation with partners - in this case in the recycling industry. Covestro is already cooperating on this with companies such as Interzero and Ecomaison (formerly Eco-mobilier).About Covestro:Covestro is one of the world's leading manufacturers of high-quality polymer materials and their components. With its innovative products  processes and methods  the company helps enhance sustainability and the quality of life in many areas. Covestro supplies customers around the world in key industries such as mobility  building and living  as well as the electrical and electronics sector. In addition  polymers from Covestro are also used in sectors such as sports and leisure  cosmetics and health  as well as in the chemical industry itself.The company is committed to becoming fully circular and is striving to become climate neutral by 2035 (scope 1 and 2). Covestro generated sales of EUR 18 billion in fiscal 2022. At the end of 2022  the company had 50 production sites worldwide and employed approximately 18 000 people (calculated as full-time equivalents).About Recticel:Recticel is a Belgian industrial group with a strong European dimension. It offers an extensive range of industry-leading solutions for industrial and domestic applications  providing sustainable answers to societal challenges  including climate protection and conservation of resources. Recticel has committed to the SBTi to become a net-zero emission company on scopes 1 and 2 by 2030 and to reach net-zero on scope 3 by 2050 at the latest.Its Engineered Foams division  operating on 4 continents  offers a comprehensive portfolio of polyurethane foams and systems - spanning industrial  mobility  consumer & medical care  living & care applications. Many everyday consumer goods would be unimaginable without their unique benefits  which include silencing  sealing  filtering  carrying  protecting  supporting and comforting attributes. Find out more at www.recticelengineeredfoams.comRecticel is listed on Euronext in Brussels (Euronext: RECT - Reuters: RECT.BR - Bloomberg: RECT:BB).Financial calendarFirst quarter 2023 trading update Annual General MeetingFirst half-year 2023 resultsThird quarter 2023 trading update28.04.2023 (07:00 AM CET) 30.05.2023 (10:00 AM CET) 31.08.2023 (07:00 AM CET) 27.10.2023 (07:00 AM CET)Media & Investor RelationsOlivier ChapelleChief Executive Officerchapelle.olivier@recticel.com+32 2 775 18 01Recticel avenue du Bourget/Bourgetlaan 42 1130 Brussels - BelgiumInvestor RelationsDirk VerbruggenChief Financial & Legal Officerverbruggen.dirk@recticel.com+32 2 775 18 91The press release is available in English and Dutch on the website www.recticel.com",positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Successful completion', 'PUReSmart project', 'Recticel', 'two main raw materials', 'new PU flexible foams', 'Performance Materials Sales EMEA', 'four-years EU-funded research project', 'PU main building blocks', 'flexible foam raw materials', 'first chemical recycling initiative', 'high-quality polymer materials', 'high-quality recycled material', 'R&D Director', 'The European Union', 'six million euros', 'Evocycle® CQ Mattress', 'flexible foam sample', 'valuable raw materials', 'Europe-wide research project', 'reduced CO2 footprint', 'positive laboratory results', 'industrial simulation environment', 'PU mattress foam', 'PU mattress industry', 'flexible foam recycling', 'industrial value cycle', 'larger recycling plant', 'life mattress foam', 'sustainable circular economy', 'waste management industry', 'other chemical processes', 'PU) foam', 'chemical industry', 'first initiative', 'Horizon 2020 research', 'recycling industry', 'PU mattresses', 'foam parts', 'chemical means', 'mattress waste', 'positive outcome', 'value chain', 'other agents', 'valuable resources', 'CO2 emissions', 'flexible polyurethane', 'first time', 'PUReSmart project', 'pilot plant', 'foam components', 'innovative recycling', 'circular eco-system', 'industrial use', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Occasional information', 'Successful completion', 'high level', 'toluene diisocyanate', 'Bart Haelterman', 'four-year period', 'innovation program', 'Christine Mendoza-Frohn', 'EVP Head', 'toluene diamine', 'fossil fuels', 'many steps', 'cost-efficient supply', 'large quantities', 'close cooperation', 'leading manufacturers', 'many areas', 'key industries', 'electronics sector', 'PUR mattresses', 'individual components', 'closed loop', 'high yield', 'Leverkusen site', 'innovative products', 'fossil-based polyol', 'high purity', 'chemolysis processes', 'leading company', 'Brussels', '28 March', '09:00 CET', 'way', 'Recticel', 'Covestro', 'development', 'TDI', 'goal', 'technology', 'history', 'agreement', 'partners', 'further', 'principle', 'LATAM', 'kind', 'willingness', 'glycol', 'additive', 'TDA', 'precursor', 'reprocessing', 'production', 'streamlined', 'vision', 'reality', 'scale', 'journey', 'start', 'date', 'trials', 'effective', 'springs', 'textiles', 'density', 'case', 'companies', 'Interzero', 'Ecomaison', 'Eco-mobilier', 'world', 'methods', 'sustainability', 'customers', 'mobility', 'living', 'electrical', 'addition', 'sectors', 'sports', 'leisure', 'cosmetics', 'health', 'scope', 'fiscal', '2022']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21561,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Compliance-Solutions-Offers-Insights-on-Managing-Risk-Appetite-43358191/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions Offers Insights on Managing Risk Appetite,(marketscreener.com) Automation tools help lenders identify areas of portfolio riskhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Compliance-Solutions-Offers-Insights-on-Managing-Risk-Appetite-43358191/?utm_medium=RSS&utm…,Automation tools help lenders identify areas of portfolio riskRisk officers arguably hold a more perilous responsibility than perhaps anyone else in a commercial lending organization  as they are accountable for providing input on key risk decisions  tracking risk across multiple business lines and underwriting compliance with their institution’s risk appetite statements and policies. But research shows that inside virtually any lender’s loan portfolio  there are enough unperfected liens to have devastating effects for their organizations.If potentially problematic issues are identified well before they negatively affect one’s overall loan portfolio risk exposure  such transparency could make a huge difference in bolstering an institution’s lines of defense.So argues Suzanne Konstance  Vice President and Lien Solutions Leader  Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions  in her recent  two-part series published in ABF Journal on effective lien management and its role in helping lenders improve their risk management processes and portfolio performance. In “Picking the Right Technology for a Bullet-Proof Risk Appetite Statement ” she shares specific examples of data variability and how advances in technologies such as artificial intelligence are ushering in a new era of data transparency and access to lien and debtor data.“Data that can help better calculate secured lending risk exposure is not only available  but easy to understand when it’s filtered through the right lens. AI and other automation tools in particular make up some of the newer and evolving technology that is helping to improve data transparency and access ” she writes. “These technologies can help financial institutions better understand the nuances of their secured position and empower them to make more informed decisions. From loan operations to the chief risk officer  it’s easier to have the data that matters most in today’s environment than ever before.”Konstance cites some of the ways in which unperfected liens “can taint a lender’s portfolio ” and presents a series of questions to help lenders identify those issues and get them to the root of a more effective lien management approach in their institution.“Lien management affects a financial institution’s risk profile in a significant way and  accordingly  should be a part of a risk officer’s daily agenda ” she argues. “Historically  liens have been viewed as binary  i.e.  they were considered to be either secured or unsecured  so the complexity that exists with liens was not even on lenders’ radars. But locating the loan review process within a bank and seeing how lien perfection is managed can provide useful insights about how and where a bank is vulnerable to risk.”Her insights center on ways that lenders can tap new levels of data transparency  providing timely and meaningful access to critical lien and debtor data.“Overall  lenders benefit from greater transparency and automation in helping manage this risk ” Konstance concludes. “Determining what tools and capabilities can be added to one’s lending operations and risk management areas can go a long way in helping lenders capture insights into their loan portfolios and create a RAS structure for managing those assets more effectively.”About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230328005269/en/,neutral,0.0,0.92,0.07,mixed,0.3,0.09,0.61,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'Risk Appetite', 'Insights', 'Managing', 'overall loan portfolio risk exposure', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Bullet-Proof Risk Appetite Statement', 'secured lending risk exposure', 'effective lien management approach', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'risk appetite statements', 'commercial lending organization', 'deep domain knowledge', 'loan review process', 'risk management processes', 'chief risk officer', 'multiple business lines', 'recent, two-part series', 'Lien Solutions Leader', 'key risk decisions', 'risk management areas', 'enough unperfected liens', 'other automation tools', 'secured position', 'expert solutions', 'loan portfolios', 'lending operations', 'Risk officers', 'risk profile', 'global leader', 'loan operations', 'lien perfection', 'critical lien', 'informed decisions', 'corporate compliance', 'critical decisions', 'portfolio performance', 'perilous responsibility', 'devastating effects', 'huge difference', 'Vice President', 'ABF Journal', 'Right Technology', 'specific examples', 'artificial intelligence', 'new era', 'right lens', 'evolving technology', 'significant way', 'daily agenda', 'new levels', 'long way', 'corporate performance', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'greater transparency', 'data variability', 'debtor data', 'financial institutions', 'data transparency', 'problematic issues', 'Suzanne Konstance', 'useful insights', 'meaningful access', 'lenders', 'input', 'policies', 'research', 'organizations', 'potentially', 'defense', 'role', 'advances', 'technologies', 'newer', 'nuances', 'today', 'environment', 'ways', 'questions', 'root', 'complexity', 'radars', 'bank', 'timely', 'capabilities', 'structure', 'assets', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'services', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21562,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/28/2635666/0/en/RocketLinks-participates-in-the-international-development-of-the-D%C3%A9kuple-Group-by-expanding-into-the-UK-and-US-markets.html,RocketLinks participates in the international development of the Dékuple Group by expanding into the UK and US markets,RocketLinks participates in the international development of the Dékuple Group by expanding into the UK and US markets  Paris  March 28  2023 -......,"RocketLinks participates in the international development of the Dékuple Group by expanding into the UK and US marketsParis  March 28  2023 - RocketLinks  the Dékuple Group's SaaS martech solution  continues its international development by expanding its market to the UK and the USA and is part of the Group's overall internationalization process.With 10% of its revenue to be generated internationally by 2022  RocketLinks  a sponsored article buying platform that offers a full range of services for SEO and branding performance  has been preparing this expansion phase to international markets for several months:Recruitment of a business developer and a lead media trader  both English speakers.Expansion of the catalog with more than 80 000 media  of which more than 45 000 are international  and more than 20 000 in English.Signing of a commercial partnership with Primelis  the leader in search marketing in France  which is experiencing strong growth in the United States.In addition  RocketLinks intends to develop more abroad thanks to brands looking to develop their digital visibility and their natural referencing via sponsored articles and netlinking and also thanks to search marketing agencies that include netlinking in their consulting and services.""Our ambition to become a leader in data marketing in Europe is to accompany our French and European customers in various international markets. RocketLinks is part of this commitment  while also aiming to address the local market""  explains Bertrand Laurioz  CEO of the Dékuple Group.""Since its creation in 2010  RocketLinks has become the leader in sponsored article buying in France. Over time  we have been able to gradually expand our scope of action in other markets. Today  we have strong international ambitions thanks to the agencies and advertisers who trust us  and with whom we co-construct our offers."" explains Maxime Doki-Thonon  CEO of RocketLinks.About DÉKUPLECreated in 1972  DÉKUPLE is a major actor in cross-channel data marketing. The Group designs  markets and implements  on its own behalf or on behalf of its partners and clients  acquisition  loyalty and customer relationship management services across all distribution channels. This expertise allows Dékuple to support brands in their marketing needs but also to create recurring revenue generating portfolios on his behalf. Today  the Group works with more than 500 brands  including two-thirds of the CAC 40 companies and many small and medium-sized businesses.DÉKUPLE had a turnover of 181.2 million euros in 2022. With operations in France  Spain  Portugal and China  the Group employs over 1 000 people.DÉKUPLE is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris - Compartment C. ISIN code: FR0000062978 - DKUPL www.dekuple.comAbout RocketLinksFounded in 2010  RocketLinks is the world's first full-service SEO and branding platform. RocketLinks supports SEO and Netlinking experts by co-building their campaigns and offering complementary services. Its innovative and unique features allow its clients to achieve their marketing goals. 30 specialists support customers on both the technological and human fronts. With an international presence  RocketLinks offers the most competitive prices with an average of 15% off and has over 80 000 media outlets.Press contacts: ComCorpLéa Goujon – lgoujon@comcorp.fr – (+33)6 33 58 84 04Ingrid Brégeon-Fall – ibregeonfall@comcorp.fr – (+33)6 33 58 54 94Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Dékuple Group', 'international development', 'US markets', 'RocketLinks', 'UK', 'recurring revenue generating portfolios', 'customer relationship management services', 'SaaS martech solution', 'overall internationalization process', 'Léa Goujon', 'Ingrid Brégeon-Fall', 'lead media trader', 'strong international ambitions', 'first full-service SEO', 'cross-channel data marketing', 'article buying platform', 'various international markets', 'Dékuple Group', 'strong growth', 'branding platform', 'international development', 'international presence', 'search marketing', 'marketing needs', 'marketing goals', 'US markets', 'full range', 'branding performance', 'several months', 'business developer', 'commercial partnership', 'United States', 'digital visibility', 'natural referencing', 'Bertrand Laurioz', 'other markets', 'Maxime Doki-Thonon', 'major actor', 'The Group', 'distribution channels', 'CAC 40 companies', 'many small', 'medium-sized businesses', '181.2 million euros', 'Compartment C.', 'ISIN code', 'complementary services', 'unique features', 'human fronts', 'competitive prices', '80,000 media outlets', 'Press contacts', 'local market', 'regulated market', 'marketing agencies', 'expansion phase', 'English speakers', 'European customers', 'Euronext Paris', 'Netlinking experts', 'RocketLinks', 'UK', 'USA', 'catalog', 'Primelis', 'leader', 'France', 'addition', 'brands', 'articles', 'consulting', 'French', 'commitment', 'CEO', 'creation', 'time', 'scope', 'action', 'advertisers', 'offers', 'behalf', 'clients', 'acquisition', 'loyalty', 'expertise', 'two-thirds', 'turnover', 'operations', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'China', '1,000 people', 'DKUPL', 'world', 'campaigns', 'innovative', '30 specialists', 'technological', 'average', 'ComCorp', 'Attachments']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,globenewswire.com
21563,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301783732.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 28 March 2023 delivered 135 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €85.00). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 186 017. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0001%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.14,0.6,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '135 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '28 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,prnewswire.co.uk
21564,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Nucleus-Research-Ranks-Wolters-Kluwer-CCH-Tagetik-Expert-Solution-as-Leader-for-Second-Consecutive-43361116/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Nucleus Research Ranks Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik Expert Solution as Leader for Second Consecutive Year  in 2023 Supply Chain Planning Technology Value Matrix,(marketscreener.com) CCH® Tagetik Supply Chain Planning recognized as “finance forward” solution that helps companies improve inventory turnover  optimize margins  and prevent stock shortages.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/ne…,"CCH® Tagetik Supply Chain Planning recognized as “finance forward” solution that helps companies improve inventory turnover  optimize margins  and prevent stock shortages.Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today announces that its CCH® Tagetik Supply Chain Planning expert solution has been recognized as “Leader” for the second consecutive year in the Nucleus Research Supply Chain Planning Technology Value Matrix 2023.Nucleus Research evaluates supply chain planning vendors each year based on customer feedback  product demonstrations  and conversations with users and vendors regarding usability  functionality  and value realized from each product’s capabilities.Isaac Gould  Research Manager  Nucleus Research  said:""Our analysis found that CCH Tagetik Supply Chain Planning is a finance-forward solution that combines operational and financial data to improve organizational visibility and optimization for complex operations. This full-suite platform offers end-to-end probabilistic planning capabilities that have helped users in multiple industries improve profitability and become more resilient.”This year  Nucleus Research specifically recognized CCH Tagetik Supply Chain Planning expert solution for its:Ability to connect demand  supply  capacity  and production planning  multi-echelon inventory optimization  and sales and operations planning with financials to improve forecast accuracy and drive growth.demand  supply  capacity  and production planning  multi-echelon inventory optimization  and sales and operations planning with financials to improve forecast accuracy and drive growth. Advanced artificial intelligence models   which utilize probabilistic predictive intelligence to automatically update forecasts  detect anomalies  and identify new opportunities in real-time  helping organizations optimize supply chain efficiencies and improve profitability.  which utilize probabilistic predictive intelligence to automatically update forecasts  detect anomalies  and identify new opportunities in real-time  helping organizations optimize supply chain efficiencies and improve profitability. Integrated Business Planning (IBP) functionality  which drives better strategic alignment  direction  and resilience at the enterprise level by enabling company-wide strategic collaboration among Finance  HR  IT  Marketing  Supply Chain functions  and other business operations.Download the report to review the full Nucleus Research analysisRalf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance Solutions  Wolters Kluwer  said:“The results of their 2023 Supply Chain Planning Technology Value Matrix reinforce again this year that the CCH Tagetik expert solution provides users with a 360-degree view of their supply chains  so they can improve forecast accuracy and drive growth. We are honored that it has been recognized as a market leader by Nucleus Research for the second consecutive year.”About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory   and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230328005827/en/",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik Expert Solution', '2023 Supply Chain Planning Technology Value Matrix', 'Second Consecutive Year', 'Nucleus Research', 'Leader', 'Nucleus Research Supply Chain Planning Technology Value Matrix', 'CCH® Tagetik Supply Chain Planning expert solution', 'CCH Tagetik Supply Chain Planning expert solution', '2023 Supply Chain Planning Technology Value Matrix', 'CCH Tagetik expert solution', 'supply chain planning vendors', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Advanced artificial intelligence models', 'full Nucleus Research analysis', 'supply chain efficiencies', 'Supply Chain functions', 'Integrated Business Planning', 'probabilistic predictive intelligence', 'probabilistic planning capabilities', 'second consecutive year', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'deep domain knowledge', 'company-wide strategic collaboration', 'multi-echelon inventory optimization', 'other business operations', 'specialized technology', 'expert solutions', 'Corporate Performance Solutions', 'production planning', 'operations planning', 'supply chains', 'finance-forward solution', 'Research Manager', 'inventory turnover', 'strategic alignment', 'corporate compliance', 'software solutions', 'stock shortages', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'global leader', 'customer feedback', 'Isaac Gould', 'organizational visibility', 'complex operations', 'full-suite platform', 'multiple industries', 'forecast accuracy', 'new opportunities', 'enterprise level', 'General Manager', '360-degree view', 'market leader', 'ESG sectors', 'critical decisions', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'professional information', 'product demonstrations', 'financial data', 'IBP) functionality', 'companies', 'margins', 'services', 'conversations', 'users', 'usability', 'operational', 'profitability', 'demand', 'capacity', 'sales', 'financials', 'growth', 'forecasts', 'anomalies', 'real-time', 'organizations', 'direction', 'resilience', 'HR', 'Marketing', 'report', 'results', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21565,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEXEDIA-S-P-A-127218827/news/Mexedia-S-p-A-Results-2022-43359834/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Mexedia S p A : Results 2022,(marketscreener.com)   Results 2022      28 Mar 2023 18:07 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   MEXEDIA S.P.A.      Press release - March 28  2023    Results 2022: +50% on Net Results ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEXED…,"Results 2022Results 2022: +50% on Net Results  Sales and EBITDA meet forecasts✓ Consolidated revenues grow 7% or € 9.09 million; € 140.89 million vs. € 131.80 million (2022 vs. 2021).✓ Gross profit in 2022 amounts to € 11.84 million vs. € 10.21 million (+16%) in the same period of the previous year.✓ In the financial year 2022  Mexedia produced an EBITDA of € 8.37 million vs. € 7.05 million (+19%) for the financial year 2021  with a margin on revenues of 5 9%.✓ Group net result is € 4.43 million vs. € 2.95 million for year 2021; +50%.✓ Sales and EBITDA are in line with the forecast for the year ending December 31  2022.Rome  March 28  2023The Board of Directors of Mexedia S.p.A. SB  approved on March 28  2023 the consolidated annual financial report for year 2022 and the consolidated non-financial report for the same year.For Orlando Taddeo  CEO of Mexedia S.p.A. SB: ""It was a very positive year for Mexedia Group. Today the Board of Directors of Mexedia Spa SB approved the consolidated annual financial report for 2022 and the consolidated non-financial report for 2022. The results obtained are satisfactory and show an increase of margins and Ebitda. The development of Mexedia continued also in 2022 and the consolidated results confirm the correct strategic vision and the validity of the activities implemented. All this allows us to look to the future with confidence by aiming for ambitious goals.""Results 2022(in € thousands)Business overviewThe consolidated relationships with customers produced increased trading platform services volumes.Furthermore  in the same period  trading of SMS began  and despite limited volumes  their growth perspective are important.Margins improved thanks to negotiation activities carried out with suppliers that have led to the optimization of purchase costs  especially in relation to routes with strategic countries (Africa and Latin America).For the year 2022 Mexedia Group recorded consolidated revenues of € 140 896 thousand against € 131 801 thousand in 2021  a growth of +7% compared to the previous year.Mexedia Group closed 2022 with a positive consolidated EBITDA of € 8 371 thousands compared to € 7 051 thousands in 2021 (+19%) and  even better  a consolidated net profit of € 4 432 thousands compared to € 2 958 thousands of 2021 (+50%).Financial overviewConsolidated shareholders' equity amounts to€ 62 668 thousands compared to € 57 991 thousands in 2021 and shows an increase of € 4 677 thousands (+8%).Net Financial Position was negative for € 26 379 thousands  an increase compared to the negative value of € 18 395 thousands in 2021. The change is attributable to the financial requirement deriving from the change in working capital due to the increase in turnover and the consequent greater use of credit financial instruments.The annual financial report for 2022 will be made public on April 28  2023.It will be available on the Company's website at: https://mexedia.com/en/documentation/The undersigned Orlando Taddeo as Chief Executive Officer and Fabio Focarelli Barone as Manager in charge for preparing the corporate accounting documents  declares  pursuant to paragraph 2 of article 154-bis of the italian Legislative Decree n. 58 of 24 February 1998  that theaccounting information contained in this press release corresponds to the accounting figures  books and records.Upcoming eventsShareholders meeting convened for the approval of the Annual financial report (rapport financier annuel) at December 31  2022.Publication of Annual financial report 2022: April 28  2023  after market close.ContactsInvestor RelatorCitigate Dewe RogersonAntoine Loudenotmexedia@citigatedewerogerson.comT.: +33 664 12 53 61ABOUT Mexedia S.p.A. SB (https://mexedia.com/en/)Mexedia is an Italian company active in the tech sector  formerly known as Airtime Partecipazioni. It has been listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris since September 2021 (ISIN:IT0005450819).Mexedia offers innovative solutions and consolidated tools encapsulated in a single integrated technology ecosystem to enable companies to manage all customer communication activities.Founded by serial entrepreneur Orlando Taddeo  it generated consolidated revenues of 131 million euros in 2021 with 7 millions of EBITDA.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.69,0.17,0.14,True,English,"['Mexedia S', 'Results', '2022', 'Mexedia S.p.A. SB', 'single integrated technology ecosystem', 'trading platform services volumes', 'Mexedia Spa SB', 'consequent greater use', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Fabio Focarelli Barone', 'rapport financier annuel', 'Citigate Dewe Rogerson', 'credit financial instruments', 'correct strategic vision', 'corporate accounting documents', 'annual financial report', 'Net Financial Position', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'customer communication activities', 'Group net result', ""Consolidated shareholders' equity"", 'consolidated non-financial report', 'positive consolidated EBITDA', 'limited volumes', 'Mexedia Group', 'Financial overview', 'financial requirement', 'strategic countries', 'net profit', 'accounting figures', 'Shareholders meeting', 'financial year', 'consolidated relationships', 'positive year', 'Gross profit', 'same period', 'Orlando Taddeo', 'ambitious goals', 'Business overview', 'growth perspective', 'negotiation activities', 'purchase costs', 'Latin America', 'negative value', 'working capital', 'Legislative Decree', 'press release', 'Upcoming events', 'market close', 'Investor Relator', 'Antoine Loudenot', 'Airtime Partecipazioni', 'innovative solutions', 'serial entrepreneur', '131 million euros', 'Net Results', 'previous year', 'same year', 'Italian company', 'consolidated results', 'Consolidated revenues', 'Sales', 'forecasts', 'margin', 'line', 'Rome', 'March', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'increase', 'development', 'validity', 'future', 'confidence', 'thousands', 'customers', 'SMS', 'suppliers', 'optimization', 'routes', 'Africa', 'change', 'turnover', 'April', 'website', 'documentation', 'Manager', 'charge', 'paragraph', 'article', 'bis', '24 February', 'information', 'books', 'records', 'approval', 'December', 'Publication', 'Contacts', 'T.', 'sector', 'France', 'September', 'tools', 'companies', '7 millions', '2022', '✓', '€']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21566,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RANDSTAD-N-V-6432/news/Randstad-N-AGM-confirms-all-proposals-43356645/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Randstad N : AGM confirms all proposals.,(marketscreener.com)     Jorge Vazquez and Myriam Beatove Moreale appointed as members of the Executive Board     Cees 't Hart  Laurence Debroux and Jeroen Drost appointed as members of the Supervisory Board.     Approval of a regular...https://…,Jorge Vazquez and Myriam Beatove Moreale appointed as members of the Executive BoardCees 't Hart  Laurence Debroux and Jeroen Drost appointed as members of the Supervisory Board.Approval of a regular ordinary cash dividend of € 2.85 per ordinary share  and a share buy back program of around € 400m over a period of 17 months  starting at the end of April 2023.Today  at the Randstad Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM)  the financial statements and the dividend proposal were adopted. Jorge Vazquez and Myriam Beatove Moreale were both appointed to the Executive Board for a four-year term. Cees 't Hart  Laurence Debroux and Jeroen Drost were appointed to the Supervisory Board for a four-year term.dividendShareholders also adopted the financial statements of 2022 and approved the proposal to pay a regular cash dividend of € 2.85 per ordinary share and a share buy back program of around € 400 million worth of ordinary shares over a period of 17 months  starting at the end of April 2023 until September 2024.The ex-dividend date for the regular cash dividend will be March 30  2023. The number of shares entitled to the regular dividend will be determined on March 31  2023 (record date). The payment of the regular cash dividend will take place on April 4  2023. They also approved a dividend payment on the preference B and C shares which amounts to € 8.2 million in total and the payment will also take place on April 4  2023.overview of AGM resolutionsOther resolutions that have been approved and adopted at the AGM are the:discharge of liability of the members of the Executive Board for the exercise of their duties.discharge of liability of the members of the Supervisory Board for the exercise of their dutiesdesignation of the Executive Board as the authorized corporate body to issue shares and to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive right to any issue of sharesauthorization of the Executive Board to repurchase sharescancellation of repurchased sharesreappointment of Deloitte Accountants BV as external auditor for the financial year 2024appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants NV as external auditor for the financial year 2025for more informationBisera Grubesic - Director Investor Relationsbisera.grubesic@randstad.comor +31 6 2088 2592Akshay Lachmandas - Investor Relations Officerakshay.lachmandas@randstad.comor +31 6 2692 8529Elise Martin Davies - Global Media Relations Leadelise.martin-davies@randstad.comor +31 6 1322 5136about randstadRandstad is the world's largest talent company and a partner of choice to clients. We are committed to providing equitable opportunities to people from all backgrounds and help them remain relevant in the rapidly changing world of work. We have a deep understanding of the labor market and help our clients to create the high-quality  diverse and agile workforces they need to succeed. Our 46 000 employees around the world make a positive impact on society by helping people to realize their true potential throughout their working life.Randstad was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Diemen  the Netherlands. In 2022  in our 39 markets  we helped more than 2 million people find a job that feels good and advised over 230 000 clients on their talent needs. We generated revenue of €27.6 billion. Randstad N.V. is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam. For more information  see www.randstad.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,True,English,"['Randstad N', 'AGM', 'proposals', 'Global Media Relations Lead', 'Randstad Annual General Meeting', 'share buy back program', 'regular ordinary cash dividend', 'Director Investor Relations', 'Investor Relations Officer', 'regular cash dividend', 'Myriam Beatove Moreale', 'Deloitte Accountants BV', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants NV', 'largest talent company', 'Randstad N.V.', 'regular dividend', 'Elise Martin Davies', 'ordinary share', 'talent needs', 'Jorge Vazquez', 'Executive Board', 'Laurence Debroux', 'Jeroen Drost', 'Supervisory Board', 'financial statements', 'four-year term', '€ 400 million worth', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'preference B', 'Other resolutions', 'corporate body', 'pre-emptive right', 'external auditor', 'financial year', 'equitable opportunities', 'deep understanding', 'labor market', 'high-quality, diverse', 'agile workforces', 'positive impact', 'true potential', 'working life', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Akshay Lachmandas', 'AGM resolutions', 'changing world', '2 million people', 'C shares', 'Bisera Grubesic', 'members', 'Cees', 'Hart', 'Approval', 'period', '17 months', 'April', 'Shareholders', 'proposal', 'September', 'March', 'number', 'payment', 'place', 'total', 'overview', 'discharge', 'liability', 'exercise', 'duties', 'designation', 'issue', 'authorization', 'cancellation', 'reappointment', 'information', 'partner', 'choice', 'clients', 'backgrounds', 'rapidly', '46,000 employees', 'society', 'Diemen', 'Netherlands', '39 markets', 'job', 'revenue']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21567,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOSTRAVEL-COM-S-P-A-45130316/news/Sostravel-BoD-approves-the-draft-of-Financial-Statements-for-the-Year-ended-31-December-2022-43359697/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Sostravel: BoD approves the draft of Financial Statements for the Year ended 31 December 2022,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SOSTRAVEL.COM   S.P.A. APPROVES THE DRAFT FINANCIAL   STATEMENTS ON DECEMBER 31  2022  AND COMMUNICATES THE GROSS BOOKING VALUE ON   MARCH 27  2023 INCREASE BY 80% ON 2022    …,"PRESS RELEASETHE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SOSTRAVEL.COMS.P.A. APPROVES THE DRAFT FINANCIALSTATEMENTS ON DECEMBER 31  2022  AND COMMUNICATES THE GROSS BOOKING VALUE ONMARCH 27  2023 INCREASE BY 80% ON 2022• REVENUES: 18.487 million Dollars (vs 694 thousand Dollars as of 12/31/2021) in clear growth (+50%) considering the 2021 pro forma revenues equal to 12.325 million Dollars• Positive EBITDA: 25 thousand Dollars (vs -381 thousand Dollars as of 31/12/2021)• Net result: -665 thousand Dollars (vs -1.494 million Dollars as of 31/12/2021)• Adjusted NFP (positive): -31 thousand Dollars (*)• Gross Booking Value (**) as of 27 March 2023 is equal to 5.97 million Dollars (an increase of 80% compared to the same period of 2022)Gallarate  March 28  2023  Sostravel.com S.p.A. (Euronext Growth Milan  ticker: SOS and OTCQB New York  ticker SOSAF)  Italian digital travel platform for reservations  itineraries  information on flights and airports  car rental  travel tech experiences and services including the Lost Luggage Concierge and Dr Travel  through the sostravel and flio apps as well as thewww.sostravel.comandwww.amareitalia.complatforms  (""SosTravel"" or the ""Company"")  announces that the Board of Directors  which met today  approved the draft financial statements as at December 31  2022  in line with the 2022 preliminary data provided to the market on February 2  2023.The Chairman of the Board Rudolph Gentile said: ""The 2022 financial results confirm that the vision of creating Italy's largest digital travel platform is working. More and more travelers book their holidays on our online platforms and take advantage of travel technology services through our apps.""(*) The proforma NFP as of 30 June 2022 is not available as it was not processed within the data provided to the market. (**) Extra-accounting value of the reservations received.(EUR/USD=1.08)Analysis of the economic and financial results as of December 31  2022:Revenues as of December 31  2022  equal to 18.847 million Dollars recorded a robust increase (+50%) compared to the 2021 pro forma figure equal to 12.325 million Dollars thanks both mainly to the increase in the sale of holiday packages (booking services and Private Label) and sales of proprietary lost luggage concierge services.The improvement in EBITDA  which went from a negative 27 thousand Dollars in the pro forma as of December 31  2021  to a positive 25 thousand Dollars as of December 31  2022  is mainly due to the increase in sales and a careful policy of containing structural costs  though if it has not grown in proportion to revenues  due to higher costs for the merger with Digital Destination Company Srl  and higher marketing expenses for the launch of Private Label offers in Sardinia and Kenya.The Net Result as of December 31  2022  is equal to a negative -665 thousand Dollars  resulting in an improvement in the loss compared to the 2021 pro forma figure equal to a negative 1 274 thousand Dollars (+609 thousand Dollars)  a substantial improvement of 47.7%The NFP as of December 31  2022 (cash) equal to -29 thousand Dollars decreased compared to the pro forma figure as of December 31  2021  equal to -1 953 thousand Dollars mainly due to the costs incurred for the merger (517 thousand Dollars) and changes in working capital for the remainder.The financial statements as of December 31  2022  reflect the effects of the merger with Digital Destination Company Srl (see press release of May 5  2022). Therefore  the changes in the Company's stand-alone Balance Sheet as of 12/31/2022 compared to December 31  2021  are attributable to these effects.Main results as of December 31  2022:In addition to the economic-financial data shown above  the data relating to the growth of the App and Web assets is provided below  relevant for the purpose of an overall assessment of the Sostravel.com business:• Amareitalia.com platformThe company communicates the first results of the Amareitalia.com platform as of December 31  2022:• Rooms Booked: 170 000• Total Web Users: 704 794• Sostravel.com platform • Total APP downloads: 2 368 871 +7.4% (equal to 2 205 397 as at 31/12/2021).Main events that occurred during the year ended 12/31/20222022 was a year full of events and results for the Company  summarized in the following table:Date Event Apr/22 Intesa loan for Euro 1 million to be amortized over 10 years. May/22 The BoD approves the merger by incorporation of Digital Destination Company Srl into Sostravel.com SpA in order to extend the digital offer to travel bookings. Jun/22 Sostravel.com starts operating in the Czech Republic. Sep/22 Half-year results in essential BREAK-EVEN before considering synergies with Digital Destination Company. Sep/22 Agreement for the worldwide exclusive marketing for three years of the entire capacity of the rooms of the Jumbo Hotel Resort in Watamu  Kenya. Oct/22 Appointment of the new Board of Directors and CEO. Nov/22 Research Report of Arrowhead with TP between 2 and 2.5 Euros. Dec/22 Start of trading on the New York OTCQB market with symbol SOSAF. Dec/22 Start of sales in Milan Malpensa and Linate airports  expanding the locations where the service is available  through the TraWell group.Significant events that occurred after 12/31/22In the period between January 1  and March 27  2023  a further operational and financial acceleration of the Company was recorded: the volumes of collaboration with www.booking.com Agoda  and Logitravel were increased.Two new agreements were signed with two of the major leading suppliers in the distribution of hotel capacity including www.hotelbeds.com and the first agreement was concluded with a group company of the third British airline www.jet2.com for marketing online services of the Company.Date Event Feb/23 Approval of the 2023-2027 Business Plan. Feb/23 Agreement with Eden Viaggi  Alpitour group  for the Jumbo resort in Watamu  until December 23. Mar/23 Agreement with Making Science (Google partner) for the digital marketing strategy and marketing automation tools. Mar/23 Agreement for the sale of the ""Dr. Travel"" telemedicine service on the TraWell network. Mar/23 BoD resolution for the proposal to purchase and dispose of treasury shares  to be submitted to the Shareholders' Meeting  called for 27-28 April 23.""The results of Gross Booking Value as of March 27  2023  equal to 5.97 million Dollars (up 80%) and proprietary services at +107% over the period  are the result of the performance of the first sales campaigns over the summer 2023"" illustrates Carmine Colella  CEO of Sostravel.com  ""and the great success enjoyed by Private Label products in Sardinia and Kenya. In particular  the Jumbo Resort is receiving more bookings than expected  thanks to the agreement with Eden Viaggi  the Alpitour group  the market-leading Italian tour operator. Proprietary travel tech services  such as Lost Luggage Concierge  are also running  up 107% over the same period in 2022.""Allocation of the result for the yearThe Board of Directors resolved to propose to the Shareholders' Meeting to carry forward the loss for the year  equal to -665 000 Dollars.Convening of the Shareholders' MeetingThe Board of Directors resolved to convene the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting on April 27  2023  on the first call  and April 28  2023  on the second call.The notice convening the Shareholders' Meeting  the reports on the items on the agenda and the additional documentation will be made available on the Company's website within the times and in the manner established by current legislation.Information on Sostravel.comSostravel.com S.p.A. digital services company for travelers  which operates through the sostravel and flio apps  and the web platforms www.sostravel.com and www.amareitalia.com Sostravel.com offers a range of Private Label travel solutions to Sardinia  the Red Sea  and Kenya destinations and develops digital solutions for travelers  such as the Lost Luggage Concierge for baggage tracking and protection  and Dr. Travel  the telemedicine solution for travelers.Over 1 million travelers around the world have used Sostravel.com as a travel companion  to find offers and receive information to improve the quality of their trips.Sostravel.com offers investors unique exposure to two high-growth sectors: holiday travel and digital passenger services.The company is listed on Euronext Growth Milan with the symbol BIT:SOS  and on the OTCQB of New York  with the symbol SOSAF.For more informationKit Media Sostravel.com https://www.sostravel.com/press-kit-4/SosTravel.com S.p.A. Euronext Growth Advisor Investor Relations Banca Finnat S.p.A. Rudolph Gentile Alberto Verna investor.relations@sostravel.com a.verna@finnat.it www.sostravel.com www.bancafinnat.itAttachmentsThe accounting schedules of the financial statements as of December 31  2022  are attached.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['Financial Statements', 'Sostravel', 'BoD', 'draft', 'Year', 'S.P.A. APPROVES', 'Italian digital travel platform', 'largest digital travel platform', 'Digital Destination Company Srl', 'New York OTCQB market', 'OTCQB New York', 'travel tech experiences', 'Lost Luggage Concierge', 'stand-alone Balance Sheet', 'worldwide exclusive marketing', 'Jumbo Hotel Resort', 'Nov/22 Research Report', '2021 pro forma figure', 'higher marketing expenses', 'Total Web Users', 'travel technology services', 'luggage concierge services', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Private Label offers', 'Amareitalia.com platform', 'Total APP downloads', 'draft financial statements', 'Sostravel.com platform', 'negative 27 thousand Dollars', 'negative -665 thousand Dollars', 'negative 1,274 thousand Dollars', 'THE DRAFT FINANCIAL', 'Sep/22 Half-year results', 'Sostravel.com business', 'Sostravel.com SpA', 'Gross Booking Value', 'The Net Result', 'positive 25 thousand Dollars', '2021 pro forma revenues', 'digital offer', 'Dr Travel', 'travel bookings', '694 thousand Dollars', '381 thousand Dollars', '31 thousand Dollars', '609 thousand Dollars', 'booking services', 'Extra-accounting value', 'Web assets', 'Sep/22 Agreement', '2022 financial results', '18.487 million Dollars', '12.325 million Dollars', '5.97 million Dollars', '18.847 million Dollars', 'new Board', 'The BoD', 'higher costs', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'clear growth', 'Positive EBITDA', 'same period', 'car rental', 'Rudolph Gentile', 'online platforms', 'holiday packages', 'careful policy', 'working capital', 'Main results', 'overall assessment', 'first results', 'following table', 'Date Event', 'Intesa loan', 'Czech Republic', 'essential BREAK-EVEN', 'entire capacity', 'Oct/22 Appointment', 'The NFP', 'proforma NFP', 'structural costs', 'ticker SOSAF', 'flio apps', '2022 preliminary data', 'economic-financial data', 'Main events', 'three years', 'substantial improvement', 'robust increase', '10 years', 'DIRECTORS', 'DECEMBER', 'MARCH', '31/12', 'Gallarate', 'reservations', 'itineraries', 'information', 'flights', 'airports', 'February', 'Chairman', 'vision', 'Italy', 'More', 'travelers', 'holidays', 'advantage', '30 June', 'Analysis', 'sale', 'proprietary', 'proportion', 'merger', 'launch', 'Sardinia', 'Kenya', 'loss', 'cash', 'changes', 'remainder', 'effects', 'May', 'addition', 'purpose', 'Rooms', 'order', 'synergies', 'Watamu', 'CEO', 'Arrowhead', 'TP', '2.5 Euros', 'Dec/22', 'trading', 'symbol']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21568,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43352646/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6873 £ 23.5539 Estimated MTD return -2.19 % -2.08 % Estimated YTD return -3.90 % -3.57 % Estimated ITD return 166.87 % 135.54 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.06 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.33 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.4610 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7114The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21569,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALKEMY-S-P-A-38934442/news/Alkemy-S-p-A-28-03-2023-Publication-of-the-documentation-relating-to-the-Shareholders-Meeting-o-43360636/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Alkemy S p A : 28.03.2023 - Publication of the documentation relating to the Shareholders' Meeting of Alkemy S.p.A. convened in ordinary session for April 27th  2023  in a single call,(marketscreener.com)   Publication of the documentation relating to Alkemy S.p.A. Shareholders' Meeting  convened in ordinary session on April 27th  2023  in a single call.   Milano  March 28th  2023 - Alkemy S.p.A. announces that today it made available…,"Publication of the documentation relating to Alkemy S.p.A. Shareholders' Meeting  convened in ordinary session on April 27th  2023  in a single call.Milano  March 28th  2023 - Alkemy S.p.A. (""Alkemy"" or ""the Company"" Euronext STAR Milan: ALK) announces that today it made available to the public at their registered office  on the Company Website (www.alkemy.com) in the Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting/2023 / April 27th  2023 section and on the authorized storage mechanism eMarket Storage (www.emarketstorage.com)  the following documents:(i) The call notice convening the ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Alkemy  at single call  on April 27th  2023 at 10.00 a.m. in Milan  via Mario Pagano no. 65 to the firm of the Notary Chiara Clerici. An extract of the call notice has been published on today's date  according to the applicable law  on the newspaper ""Italia Oggi"";(ii) The Explanatory Report on the first Item on the agenda: Approval of the Financial Statements as of December 31st 2022  accompanied by the Directors' Report on Operations  the Report of the Board of Auditors and the Independent Auditors' Report. Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31st  2022 and of the Consolidated Non-Financial Statement prepared in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree no. 254/2016;(iii) The Explanatory Report on the second Item on the agenda: Allocation of the profit for the year 2022. Related resolution;(iv)The Explanatory Report on the third Item on the agenda: Report onRemuneration Policy and Fees Paid pursuant to Art. 123-ter of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/98: 3.1. binding resolution on the first section on the Remuneration Policy  in accordance with Art. 123-ter  paragraphs 3-bis to 3-ter of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998; - 3.2. non-binding resolution on the second section on fees paid in accordance with Art.123-ter  paragraph 6 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998;(v) The Explanatory Report on the fourth Item on the agenda: Approval of theLong Term Incentive Plan 2024-2026; resolutions according to article 114-bis of Italian Legislative Decree 58/98;Via San Gregorio 34  20124 Milano Sede legale  operativa e amministrativaC.F. e P.I. 05619950966 Reg. delle imprese di Milano Cap. Soc. 587 589 euro i.v.Via Guarino Guarini 4  10123 Torino Lungotevere dei Mellini 44  00193 RomaVia Dexart 18  09126 Cagliari(vi)The Explanatory Report on the fifth Item on the agenda: Request for authorization to purchase and dispose of treasury shares in accordance with Articles 2357 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code  upon revocation of the authorization granted by the Shareholders' Meeting on April  26th 2022 to the extent that was not executed. Related and consequent resolutions;(vii) The Information Document related to the incentive plan called ""Long Term Incentive Plan 2024-2026""  prepared in accordance with art. 84-bis Issuers Regulation.(viii) The Information related to the share capital;(ix)Proxy form to be appointed representative pursuant to art. 135-undecies ofItalian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998;(x) Proxy/Sub-proxy form to be appointed representative pursuant to art. 135-novies of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58/1998.Further documentation relating to the ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of the Company will be made available according to the terms established by applicable laws and regulations.At least 15 days prior to the date of the Shareholders' Meeting (i.e. April 12  2023)  the documentation related to Art. 77 paragraph 2-bis of the CONSOB Regulations for Issuers will be made available to the public at the the registered office in Milan. Such documentation can be consulted by getting an appointment via email at the following certified e-mail address: alkemy.ufficiosocietario@pec.it.For any information regarding the decisions taken by the competent corporate bodies relating to the implementation of the compensation plans based on financial instruments already approved by the shareholders0 meeting and for any other information requested by art. 84-bis paragraphs 5 and 6 of the Consob Issuers Regulation  please refer to the content of the Remuneration Report  published on the website www.alkemy.com within the Corporate Governance section/Shareholders' Meeting/ 2023 27 April 2023.***Alkemy S.p.A. works to improve the market positioning and competitiveness of large and medium-sized companies by stimulating the evolution of their business models in line with technological innovation and consumer behavior. Alkemy integrates skills and expertise in the areas of Strategy  Communication  Design  Performance  Technology and Insights and Analytics  with an offering designed for our post-digital environment and covering the entire chain of value from strategy to implementation.Alkemy S.p.A.Via San Gregorio 34  20124 Milano Sede legale  operativa e amministrativaC.F. e P.I. 05619950966 Reg. delle imprese di Milano Cap. Soc. 587 589 euro i.v.Via Guarino Guarini 4  10123 Torino Lungotevere dei Mellini 44  00193 RomaVia Dexart 18  09126 CagliariFor further information:Investor RelationsEmanuela Salvini| emanuela.salvini@alkemy.com | +39 320 1796890Alkemy S.p.A.Via San Gregorio 34  20124 Milano Sede legale  operativa e amministrativaC.F. e P.I. 05619950966 Reg. delle imprese di Milano Cap. Soc. 587 589 euro i.v.Via Guarino Guarini 4  10123 Torino Lungotevere dei Mellini 44  00193 RomaVia Dexart 18  09126 Cagliari",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Alkemy S.p.A.', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'ordinary session', 'single call', 'Publication', 'documentation', 'April', ""Alkemy S.p.A. Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Long Term Incentive Plan', ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Notary Chiara Clerici', 'Consolidated Non-Financial Statement', 'Italian Legislative Decree', '10123 Torino Lungotevere dei', 'Italian Civil Code', 'competent corporate bodies', ""ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Via San Gregorio', 'Via Guarino Guarini', 'authorized storage mechanism', 'Corporate Governance section', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Consob Issuers Regulation', 'Milano Cap. Soc', 'Euronext STAR Milan', ""Independent Auditors' Report"", 'bis Issuers Regulation', 'The Explanatory Report', 'art. 84-bis paragraphs', 'P.I.', 'shareholders0 meeting', 'ordinary session', 'Via Dexart', 'financial instruments', ""Directors' Report"", 'Remuneration Report', 'single call', 'registered office', 'call notice', 'Mario Pagano', 'applicable law', 'Italia Oggi', 'first Item', 'second Item', 'third Item', 'Remuneration Policy', 'binding resolution', 'first section', 'second section', 'fourth Item', 'C.F.', 'fifth Item', 'treasury shares', 'share capital', 'Proxy form', 'CONSOB Regulations', 'mail address', 'compensation plans', 'market positioning', 'medium-sized companies', 'business models', 'technological innovation', 'consumer behavior', 'post-digital environment', 'entire chain', '10.00 a', 'Related resolution', 'Art.123-ter', 'consequent resolutions', 'Information Document', 'Further documentation', 'Such documentation', 'other information', 'Art. 77 paragraph', 'Company Website', '20124 Milano', 'Publication', 'April', 'March', 'documents', 'firm', 'extract', 'today', 'newspaper', 'agenda', 'Approval', 'December', 'Operations', 'Board', 'Presentation', 'accordance', 'Allocation', 'profit', 'year', 'Fees', 'article', 'Sede', 'amministrativa', 'Reg.', 'imprese', 'Mellini', 'Roma', '09126 Cagliari', 'authorization', 'revocation', 'extent', 'representative', 'terms', 'appointment', 'email', 'ufficiosocietario', 'decisions', 'implementation', 'content', 'competitiveness', 'large', 'evolution', 'line', 'skills', 'expertise', 'areas', 'Strategy', 'Communication', 'Design', 'Performance', 'Technology', 'Insights', 'Analytics', 'offering', 'value', '7,589']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21570,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYDROGENE-DE-FRANCE-124047110/news/Hydrogene-De-France-HDF-Energy-and-TRIPATRA-sign-an-MoU-to-implement-HyPower-hydrogen-to-power-43359649/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Hydrogène De France :  HDF Energy and TRIPATRA sign an MoU to implement HyPower hydrogen-to-power projects in Indonesia,(marketscreener.com)  Jakarta  March 28  2023 – PT Tripatra Engineering   one of the leading Indonesian engineering-based solutions providers in the energy and downstream sectors  signed a Memorandum of Understanding with PT HDF Energy Indonesia  the Indone…,"Jakarta  March 28  2023 – PT Tripatra Engineering (TRIPATRA)  one of the leading Indonesian engineering-based solutions providers in the energy and downstream sectors  signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with PT HDF Energy Indonesia  the Indonesian subsidiary of hydrogen power plant pioneer HDF Energy. The objective of this MoU is to cooperate on the development of HyPower hydrogen-to-power infrastructures  contributing to the decarbonization of the chemical industry sector in Indonesia. The MoU signing was announced during the Tripatra Energy Talk event on March 21  2023 in Jakarta  attended by invited ministries  state-owned enterprises and private entities.In recent years  the Indonesian chemical sector has developed rapidly given the country's wealth of natural resources (oil  natural gas  etc.) and strong demand from industrialists. This is an opportunity for the domestic chemical players to expand their market while contributing to the government's goal of decarbonizing the industrial sector. The country plans to launch more than 20 new chemical projects by 2025.PT HDF Energy Indonesia  as hydrogen power plant expert and developer  and TRIPATRA  with its broad experience as engineering company in the energy and petrochemical sectors  have joined forces to examine these new market opportunities and to collaborate in order to implement HyPower plants in the country. HDF's Hypower hydrogen-to-power plants are multi-megawatt power plants producing competitive green electricity on demand from decarbonized hydrogen coming from industries wasting unvalued hydrogen.HDF's ambition in Indonesia to develop multi-megawatt hydrogen power plants  including high-powered fuel cells produced by HDF  is in line with TRIPATRA's goal to accelerate the development of projects within the green energy and downstream sectors including tapping into hydrogen applications. This will contribute to the country's net zero emission target  paving the way for more hydrogen infrastructure projects in the future.The signing of this MoU reinforces HDF Energy's strategic position in Indonesia. As a reminder  the Company signed a partnership with the Indonesian Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources' Research and Testing Center in October 2022 to cooperate on hydrogen studies to support the development of Renewstable® hydrogen power plants. And in addition  one month later on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Indonesia  DFC (US International Development Finance Corporation) announced technical assistance to HDF  as part of a strategic partnership including 13 initiatives between the United States and Indonesia to tackle the climate crisis and promote access to affordable food and energy.The MoU was announced at the Tripatra Energy Talk event on March 21 and signed by Mr. Raymond Naldi Rasfuldi  President Director and CEO of PT Tripatra Engineering  and Mr. Mathieu Geze  Director of PT HDF Energy Indonesia.Mr. Geze  PT HDF Energy Indonesia's Director  declared: “Our collaboration with Tripatra Engineering is a first step to materialize our HyPower projects in the chemical industry sector. Tripatra Engineering has an extensive 50 years' experience throughout the energy value chain in Indonesia. Our collaboration could pioneer new applications in the industry and help Indonesia become a leader in green hydrogen projects in Asia.”Mr. Raymond Naldi Rasfuldi  President Director and CEO of PT Tripatra Engineering  shared: ""As we embark on our journey to power our vision of engineering sustainable solutions to transform energy and accelerate downstream  the MoU signing with HDF Energy Indonesia  a global key player in hydrogen-to-power applications  is one of the milestones. It is a pleasure for Tripatra to collaborate with HDF and I believe HDF and Tripatra have unique strengths to promote hydrogen applications in the industry in order to contribute to the country's goals on net zero emission by 2060.""ABOUT HDF ENERGYHDF Energy is a global pioneer in high-power hydrogen power plants. The Company designs and develops hydrogen power plants that generate non-intermittent  non-polluting renewable energy  day and night. In addition  HDF Energy organises the financing  construction and operation of these power plants through SPVs.HDF Energy is also an industrial company which will mass produce  from 2024  the most strategic component of its power plants - high-power fuel cells - in its plant near Bordeaux. Already a major supplier of electricity for energy grids  this industrial activity will also allow HDF Energy to serve the heavy marine and rail mobility markets. Alongside its strategic partners  the Company develops projects involving hydrogen-powered freight locomotives and large vessel propulsion and auxiliary power systems.The Company operates on five continents and is developing a business portfolio currently worth over €5 billion.HDF Energy is listed in Euronext Compartment B.More information  visit: www.hdf-energy.comABOUT TRIPATRAFor almost 50 years  Tripatra has been delivering the best integrated sustainable engineering solutions in upstream  downstream  midstream  oil & gas  petrochemical  and renewable energy in Indonesia and overseas. As a part of Indika Energy Group  TRIPATRA consistently provides Engineering  Procurement  and Construction (EPC) service  Operation & Maintenance (O&M)  and other comprehensive solutions for every project life cycle phase. Our strong engineering capabilities  highly skilled engineers  enabled with cutting-edge technology are optimized to fulfill clients' efficiency  productivity increase  and work effectiveness.Since 2019  Tripatra has been implementing transformation initiatives to provide engineering-based sustainable solutions that transform energy and accelerate downstream.More information  visit: www.tripatra.com.ContactTripartaNinesiana SaragihHead of Corporate Communication & Sustainability+62 811 8302 292Corporate.communication@tripatra.comHDF EnergyDirector Asia HDF Energy Investors Relations Media Relations Mathieu GEZE+62 812 8952 9057mathieu.geze@hdf-energy.com Margaux ROUILLARD+ 33 (0)1 53 67 36 32hdf-energy@actus.fr Serena BONI+33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mW6bYJ2baW3Jl3Jul5tsaWFpnG1hlGCbbWSWlZdolp7KmZ6TyW6UZsacZnBqlW1n- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Unregulated information:Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79081-270321-pr-hdf-energy-and-tripatra-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Hydrogène De', 'HDF Energy', 'HyPower hydrogen', 'power projects', 'France', 'TRIPATRA', 'MoU', 'Indonesia', 'US International Development Finance Corporation', 'leading Indonesian engineering-based solutions providers', 'Mr. Raymond Naldi Rasfuldi', 'best integrated sustainable enginee', 'net zero emission target', 'intermittent, non-polluting renewable energy', 'hydrogen power plant expert', 'Renewstable® hydrogen power plants', 'Tripatra Energy Talk event', 'multi-megawatt hydrogen power plants', 'high-power hydrogen power plants', 'hydrogen power plant pioneer', 'PT HDF Energy Indonesia', 'high-power fuel cells', 'multi-megawatt power plants', 'domestic chemical players', 'high-powered fuel cells', 'rail mobility markets', 'hydrogen-powered freight locomotives', 'large vessel propulsion', 'auxiliary power systems', 'Euronext Compartment B.', 'Indonesian chemical sector', 'Mr. Mathieu Geze', ""Mineral Resources' Research"", 'global key player', 'energy value chain', 'hydrogen infrastructure projects', 'PT Tripatra Engineering', '20 new chemical projects', 'chemical industry sector', 'new market opportunities', 'competitive green electricity', 'green hydrogen projects', ""extensive 50 years' experience"", 'sustainable solutions', 'The MoU signing', 'Mr. Geze', 'global pioneer', 'green energy', 'Indonesian subsidiary', 'power infrastructures', 'Indonesian Ministry', 'power applications', 'decarbonized hydrogen', 'unvalued hydrogen', 'hydrogen applications', 'hydrogen studies', 'industrial sector', 'new applications', 'HyPower plants', 'HyPower hydrogen', 'natural resources', 'broad experience', 'energy grids', 'downstream sectors', 'state-owned enterprises', 'private entities', 'recent years', 'natural gas', 'petrochemical sectors', 'strategic position', 'Testing Center', 'G20 summit', 'technical assistance', 'United States', 'climate crisis', 'affordable food', 'first step', 'unique strengths', 'strategic component', 'major supplier', 'industrial activity', 'heavy marine', 'strategic partners', 'five continents', 'business portfolio', 'More information', 'engineering company', 'The Company', 'HyPower projects', 'industrial company', 'strong demand', 'President Director', 'partnership', 'Jakarta', 'Memorandum', 'Understanding', 'objective', 'decarbonization', 'March', 'ministries', 'country', 'wealth', 'oil', 'industrialists', 'opportunity', 'government', 'goal', 'developer', 'forces', 'order', 'industries', 'ambition', 'line', 'way', 'future', 'reminder', 'October', 'addition', 'DFC', '13 initiatives', 'access', 'CEO', 'collaboration', 'leader', 'Asia', 'journey', 'vision', 'milestones', 'pleasure', 'night', 'financing', 'construction', 'operation', 'SPVs', 'produce', 'Bordeaux']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43352644/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6873 £ 23.5539 Estimated MTD return -2.19 % -2.08 % Estimated YTD return -3.90 % -3.57 % Estimated ITD return 166.87 % 135.54 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.06 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.33 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.4610 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7114The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-Trust-2025-Worldline-exceeds-expectations-on-first-two-years-of-CSR-transformation-plan-43356231/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Worldline : Trust 2025 Worldline exceeds expectations on first two years of CSR transformation plan,(marketscreener.com)  Trust 2025: strengthened CSR ambition and commitment   Worldline is committed to voluntary CSR approach. Building on the success of former Trust 2020 programme  Worldline launched Trust 2025 two years ago  tackling new issues related…,"Trust 2025: strengthened CSR ambition and commitmentWorldline is committed to voluntary CSR approach. Building on the success of former Trust 2020 programme  Worldline launched Trust 2025 two years ago  tackling new issues related to company's growth strategy and market evolutions  ultimately raising its level of ambition and commitment on ESG and building stronger governance. Strongly supported by Worldline Management team  the Group is now better equipped to respond to its most critical CSR challenges and boost its performance and capability in a pragmatic way. The associated 16 Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) concretely support the Group's commitments with specific and measurable targets to be reached by 2025  acting as a strong catalyst to mobilize its employees through shared CSR vision  supporting Worldline's journey to doing business in a more sustainable way. These past two years  Worldline demonstrated significant progress towards Trust 2025 goals as reflected by the early overachievement of numerous objectives.Strong and encouraging progress in social and economic fieldsWorldline has achieved significant progress  confirming the company is on the right track to meet its most critical people-oriented challenges. In 2022  Worldline has increased of 16% its additional disabled workforce in countries with specific legal requirements*. Again in 2022  the percentage of women within Management positions has improved by 2 points vs. 2021  reaching 25% - whilst 2025 set target is 35%. Supported by a responsible employer strategy  Worldline's ambition towards its people is twofold: fostering people development  well-being and engagement  whilst promoting fairness  diversity and inclusion. To reach these ambitious goals  Worldline has reinforced career and skills development as well as training initiatives to attract  develop and retain the best talent and guarantee their employability over the long term. In addition  several diversity and inclusion initiatives which are set to ensure fairness  equity and non-discrimination within Worldline have also demonstrated steady progress. Recently  Worldline has been awarded with Top Employer certificate for 2023 in Europe and Asia-Pacific by the Top Employers Institute  a global authority that recognises excellence in people management.In economic and business fields  Worldline has also demonstrated solid performance as reflected by quality scoring:Platforms' services availability and response of 99.9912%  up to the 2025 target fixed at 99.99% and;Net promoter score of 48/100 representing a 2-point gain vs 2021.On positive impact solutions  Worldline has succeeded in disclosing a 2 468 M€ total revenue from its ""sustainability offering""  already surpassing Trust 2025 target set at 2 307 M€. These substantive results reinforce Worldline's credibility and leadership towards a utmost quality of services and a sustainable value proposition.Continuous and steady improvement plans on environmentWorldline has demonstrated its strong commitment into tackling climate change through its ambitious environmental strategy led at Group's level and based on three strategic axes:Lowering Group's energy consumption;Reducing Group's carbon footprint;Offsetting all Group's remaining emissions.To reach its objectives  Worldline has set itself ambitious greenhouse gas emission (GHG) reduction objectives aligned with criteria and recommendations of SBTi (Science Based Targets initiative):Reducing its absolute scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 25% by 2025  compared to 2019 base year  in line with 1.5°C global warming limitation trajectory;Reducing absolute scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods & services  and the use of sold products by 7.4% within same timeframe;Implementing a far-reaching energy efficiency plan for offices and business travel  decreasing energy consumption of cooling equipment  and increasing the use of servers virtualisation in Group's data centres.As a result of these continuous improvement efforts  in 2022  Worldline reduced of 48% its eq.CO 2 emissions (scope 1&2  2019 baseline) vs. 2025 fixed target of 25% as set in its Trust 2025 programme. In parallel  Worldline has pursued to offset 100% of its remaining eq.CO 2 emissions for scope 1  2  3a. In the coming months  Worldline also intends to review its GES emissions reduction goals for 2025 in alignment with the SBTi's framework.Sébastien Mandron  CSR Officer at Worldline  said: ""CSR is at the heart of our strategy for value creation and not only can we now better respond to Worldline and Society's challenges - but more importantly  acting for change proactively. Now entering year 3 of our CSR plan  we are more than ever committed and equipped to improving efficiently our performance and creating sustained long term value for our customers  employees  investors and all our stakeholders.""In 2023  Worldline intends to increase its CSR commitment to excellence by applying the best ESG practices whilst investing in innovative approaches to better measure and improve its impact. More details on Worldline's key CSR focuses and performance will be communicated in Worldline 2022 Integrated report in April  2023.* This percentage corresponds to an absolute change in the number of employees compared to the 2020 baseline.About WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey - quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022.Our company's purpose is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Our solutions are environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and support social transformation.",neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['first two years', 'CSR transformation plan', 'Trust 2025 Worldline', 'expectations', '1.5°C global warming limitation trajectory', 'ambitious greenhouse gas emission', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'reaching energy efficiency plan', 'GES emissions reduction goals', 'remaining eq.CO 2 emissions', 'additional disabled workforce', 'Top Employer certificate', 'Top Employers Institute', 'Net promoter score', 'three strategic axes', 'Sébastien Mandron', 'steady improvement plans', 'critical people-oriented challenges', 'responsible employer strategy', 'ambitious environmental strategy', 'sustainable value proposition', 'voluntary CSR approach', 'specific legal requirements', 'positive impact solutions', '2,468 M€ total revenue', 'continuous improvement efforts', 'GHG) reduction objectives', '16 Key Performance Indicators', ""Platforms' services availability"", 'long term value', 'best ESG practices', 'critical CSR challenges', 'former Trust 2020 programme', 'Worldline Management team', 'remaining emissions', 'ambitious goals', 'global authority', '2 GHG emissions', '3 GHG emissions', 'CSR plan', 'measurable targets', 'energy consumption', 'value creation', 'sustainable way', 'Trust 2025 goals', 'best talent', 'steady progress', 'Management positions', 'Trust 2025 programme', 'growth strategy', 'CSR vision', 'CSR Officer', 'new issues', 'market evolutions', 'stronger governance', 'pragmatic way', 'two years', 'significant progress', 'early overachievement', 'numerous objectives', 'encouraging progress', 'right track', 'skills development', 'training initiatives', 'people management', '2-point gain', 'sustainability offering', 'substantive results', 'carbon footprint', 'absolute scopes', 'same timeframe', 'cooling equipment', 'servers virtualisation', 'data centres', 'coming months', 'innovative approaches', 'More details', 'solid performance', 'strong catalyst', 'people development', 'business fields', 'business travel', 'CSR commitment', 'economic fields', '2025 set target', 'several diversity', 'inclusion initiatives', 'quality scoring', 'climate change', '2019 base year', 'CSR ambition', 'Trust 2025 target', 'Lowering Group', 'Reducing Group', 'strong commitment', '2,307 M', 'success', 'company', 'level', 'capability', 'KPIs', 'commitments', 'employees', 'journey', 'social', 'countries', 'percentage', 'women', '2 points', 'well-being', 'engagement', 'fairness', 'career', 'employability', 'equity', 'non-discrimination', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'excellence', 'response', 'credibility', 'leadership', 'criteria', 'recommendations', 'SBTi', 'goods', 'products', 'offices', '2019 baseline', 'parallel', 'alignment', 'framework', 'heart', 'Society', 'sustained', 'customers', 'investors', 'stakeholders', '99.']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/HighCo-2022-annual-earnings-43359633/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,HighCo: 2022 annual earnings,(marketscreener.com)  Aix-en-Provence  28 March 2023 HIGHCO POSTS STRONG RESULTS FOR 2022: SLIGHT BUSINESS GROWTH  FURTHER RISE IN PROFITABILITY TO 21%; INCREASE IN PROPOSED DIVIDEND TO €0.40 PER SHARE Slight business growth in 2022 driven by the strong mome…,HighCo: 2022 annual earnings 03/28/2023 | 12:04pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Aix-en-Provence  28 March 2023 (6 p.m.) HIGHCO POSTS STRONG RESULTS FOR 2022: SLIGHT BUSINESS GROWTH  FURTHER RISE IN PROFITABILITY TO 21%; INCREASE IN PROPOSED DIVIDEND TO €0.40 PER SHARE (UP 25%) Slight business growth in 2022 driven by the strong momentum of Mobile Full-year 2022 gross profit of €77.16 m  up 0.8% on a reported basis and LFL 1 .. Slight growth in digital businesses (up 1% LFL) and good resistance of offline businesses (up 0.5% LFL).Business growth in France (up 1.5% LFL) and decline in International business (down 3.6% LFL).Further rise in profitability to 21% Headline PBIT 2 of €16.22 m  up 4.4%.of €16.22 m  up 4.4%. Operating margin 2 of 21%  up 70 basis points.of 21%  up 70 basis points. Adjusted attributable net income 3 of €9.18 m  up 5.4%.of €9.18 m  up 5.4%. Adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of €0.45  up 7.2%. Financial position remains strong Operating cash flow of €12.66 m (excluding IFRS 16)  down €2.67 m.Net cash4 excluding operating working capital of €19.05 m at 31 December 2022  representing an increase of €1.13 m compared to 31 December 2021. Shareholder returns Dividend of €0.40 per share to be proposed at the AGM in May 2023  for a 25% increase.Share buyback programme continued. 2023 Guidance Stable gross profit.Operating margin of about 21%.Continued investment in projects launched by the startup studio HighCo Venturi.Acceleration of the CSR strategy.(€ m) 2022 2021 2022/2021Change Gross profit 77.16 76.52 +0.8% Headline PBIT2 16.22 15.54 +4.4% Operating margin2 (%) 21.0% 20.3% +70 bp Operational income 7.76 17.28 -55.1% Attributable net income 1.79 11.19 -84.0% Adjusted attributable net income3 9.18 8.71 +5.4% Adjusted earnings per share3 (in €) 0.45 0.42 +7.2% Operating cash flow (excluding IFRS 16) 12.66 15.33 (€2.67 m) Net cash4 excluding operating working capital 19.05 17.92 €1.13 m 1 Like for like: Based on a comparable scope and at constant exchange rates (i.e. applying the average exchange rate over the period to data from the compared period).2 Headline PBIT: Profit before interest  tax and restructuring costs. Operating margin: Headline PBIT/Gross profit.3 Adjusted attributable net income: Attributable net income excluding other operating income and expenses (2022: expense of €7.39 m; 2021: income of €2.46 m) and excluding the net after-tax income from assets held for sale and discontinued operations (2022: no impact; 2021: income of €0.02 m); adjusted earnings per share based on an average number of shares of 20 324 535 at 31 December 2022 and of 20 677 545 at 31 December 2021.4 Net cash (or net cash surplus): Cash and cash equivalents less gross current and non-current financial debt at year-end. Didier Chabassieu  Chairman of the Management Board  stated  “In 2022  HighCo posted a strong financial performance that allowed the Group to propose a dividend of €0.40 per share. Despite the complex economic environment  the Group’s expertise and the agility of its staff have helped to strengthen our relations with our main clients. The Group is positioned as a leading player for brands and retailers that must step up to the challenges of inflation and the gradual phasing-out of paper flyers. HighCo is moving into 2023 with a fresh governance structure and the ambition to accelerate its CSR strategy.” 2022 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Slight business growth in 2022 driven by the strong momentum of Mobile The Group’s businesses grew slightly in 2022  by 0.8% to €77.16 m  with: Double-digit growth in Mobile (up 12.2%);(up 12.2%); Good resistance of coupon clearing businesses;businesses; Drop in the business of traditional promotion management;Decline in marketing & communication consulting. With 1% growth  Digital accounted for more than 2/3 of business (67%)  and offline businesses held up well over the year (up 0.5%). Broken down by region  business grew in France by 1.5% to €67.44 m in 2022  representing 87.4% of the Group’s gross profit. The main reasons for this growth are: double-digit growth in Mobile businesses (up 11%)  the rise in volumes of coupons cleared (up 2%)  while traditional promotion management and marketing & communication consulting businesses were down.Digital businesses grew 1.7% in France over the year  and their share rose slightly to more than two-thirds of gross profit (67.6%). This growth in Digital came directly from Mobile business  which accounts for one-quarter of business in the region (25%). Despite the loss of a marketing & communication consulting client  offline businesses grew 1.1% over the year. International business fell 3.6% to €9.71 m  accounting for 12.6% of the Group’s gross profit for the year.The share of Digital in International businesses represented 62.8% of gross profit.In Belgium  gross profit retracted 7.3% and was impacted by a sharp drop in the volume of coupons cleared (down 18%) and the significant slowdown in the promotion management business.With growth in double digits (up 25.8%) and fully digital  business in other countries (Spain and Italy) was very strong and now account for 1.9% of the Group’s gross profit. Further rise in profitability to 21% Business growth  combined with sound cost control  led to a 4.4% rise in headline PBIT in 2022 to €16.22 m  with: A further 3.8% increase in headline PBIT in France to €13.92 m (2021: €13.42 m);Growth in International headline PBIT of 8.3% to €2.3 m (2021: €2.12 m) resulting from sound cost control in Belgium and strong business growth in the other countries (Spain and Italy). 2022 operating margin (headline PBIT/gross profit) rose by 70 basis points to a high level of 21% compared with 20.3% for 2021. After deducting restructuring costs (2022: €1.07 m  2021: €0.71 m)  recurring operating income came out at €15.15 m  up slightly by 2.2% (2021: €14.82 m). 2022 operating income was down  at €7.76 m  due to another operating expense of €7.36 m involving the goodwill impairment recognised for Belgium. The impairment did not impact the Group’s cash flow or net cash surplus. As a reminder  in 2021 other operating income totalling €2.46 m was recognised for the fair value remeasurement of the earn-out recognised as part of the Useradgents acquisition. The tax expense amounted to at €4.36 m in 2022 (2021: expense of €4.29 m). The effective tax rate fell slightly by 40 basis points to stand at 29.2% for the period. Adjusted attributable net income rose 5.4% to €9.18 m (2021: €8.71 m)  while reported attributable net income was down sharply to €1.79 m (2021: €11.19 m) due to the goodwill impairment for Belgium. The Group recorded adjusted EPS of €0.45  up 7.2% compared with 2021 (€0.42 per share). Financial position remains strong Cash flow amounted to €15.85 m  down €2.64 m compared with the figure at 31 December 2021. Excluding the impact of IFRS 16 – Leases  cash flow amounted to €12.66 m  down by €2.67 m compared with cash flow at 31 December 2021. Net cash at 31 December 2022 amounted to €70 m  down €3.71 m compared with 31 December 2021.Excluding operating working capital (€50.95 m at 31 December 2022)  net cash was high  at €19.05 m  up by €1.13 m with respect to 31 December 2021. HIGHCO AND THE TRANSFORMATION OF RETAIL In 2022  two key trends impacted the consumer goods market: The return of inflation  which was particularly high for food products (up 14.5% 5 )  is shrinking the purchasing power of households;)  is shrinking the purchasing power of households; Due to France’s AGEC law6 and consumer expectations concerning environmental protection  the majority of retail food chains have pledged to limit the use of paper and gradually phase out flyers. As a market leader in the transformation of retail  HighCo supports its clients  brands and retailers on all sales channels. In-store retail remains consumers’ preferred shopping channel  especially for food. With the pressure from other distribution channels  physical stores must gradually reinvent themselves to transform their space into places of experience  bring more services and reduce their impact on the environment (especially by reducing the use of paper). That is why HighCo supports retailers like E.Leclerc in installing interactive kiosks used to coordinate POS campaigns and to keep its customer base “contactable”. After two years of Covid  e-commerce returned to normal business levels (up 13.8%7). These days  it is crucial for retailers to turn digital technology into a profitable growth driver. In response to this need  HighCo supported the e-discounter Le Club Leader Price in designing its digital communication campaigns and developing its sales campaigns. Useradgents also helped La Redoute in embracing its new corporate identity throughout its digital ecosystem. As 87% of the population now using a smartphone8  mobile devices have completely disrupted consumer habits. The Group invested at a very early stage in developing Mobile services. Today  HighCo is the third-largest player in the marketing SMS routing market in France. Meanwhile  Useradgents has been supporting Casino group chains (in collaboration with RelevanC) for many years and franprix in designing  developing and maintaining their mobile-focused digital services. The development of new behaviours on social media and web3 are stimulating e-commerce sales. In 2022  HighCo worked with Laboratoires Arkopharma in coordinating their influence strategy: 400 macro-  micro- and nano-influencers were selected and activated to create regular  creative messages. The Group also launched HighCo Metaland to guide brands and retailers in developing their first web3 experiences. The gradual phasing-out of flyers presents new opportunities for HighCo. This historical mass media will be replaced with multiple complementary digital solutions. The Group is already building positions in several of these areas: in-store kiosks  mobile coupons  promotion management platform  etc. 5 INSEE  February 2023.6 French anti-waste and circular economy law.7 FEVAD  2022.8 CREDOC  Baromètre du numérique 2022 (2022 Digital Barometer). GOVERNANCE AND CSR The Group aims to lead by example in terms of social and environmental performance. This goal has resulted in a fresh governance structure and an acceleration in its CSR strategy. New members on the governance team Since Cyril Tramon joined the Supervisory Board in 2022 as Vice-Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Audit and CSR Committee  HighCo has continued to update its governance structure. The Management Board therefore decided to create a new Management Committee to get managers involved in the Group’s strategic guidelines. CSR strategy In 2022  HighCo continued its actions to improve HR and social performance  in particular with: Balance achieved of women in management (49% at end-2022);Average length of service maintained at more than eight years despite a high turnover rate on the job market;High rating from EcoVadis maintained (Gold)  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing;Pursuit of the entrepreneurial sponsorship programme (two new startup winners of the Frédéric Chevalier Award in 2022). 2022 also saw the first acceleration in the Group’s CSR strategy  with: C reation of a dedicated CSR department ;; HAGIR  the environmental organisation created by HighCo employees  launched its first internal campaigns to raise employee awareness about climate change by organising four Climate Fresk workshops. In 2023  HighCo plans to strengthen its CSR commitments by developing its strategy  conducting a carbon footprint assessment to define the Group’s decarbonisation pathway and continuing its action to increase employee engagement. SHAREHOLDER RETURNS Increase in dividend With this healthy financial performance  at the next General Meeting scheduled for 15 May 2023  a dividend payment of €0.40 per share will be proposed  representing a 25% increase (€0.32 per share paid in 2022 for 2021). Share buyback programme continued The Management Board also plans to continue its share buyback programme  authorised at the General Meeting on 16 May 2022 and involving more than €1.5 m in 2023 (2022: €1.68 m). 2023 GUIDANCE For 2023  HighCo forecasts: S table gross profit (2022 gross profit: €77.16 m);(2022 gross profit: €77.16 m); Operating margin (headline PBIT/gross profit) of approximately 21% (2022 operating margin: 21%). The Group’s financial resources will be allocated to: Progress on the projects launched by the startup studio HighCo Venturi (operating investments of between €1 m and €2 m);Capital expenditure of between €1 m and €2 m (2022: €1.16 m);of between €1 m and €2 m (2022: €1.16 m); Shareholder returns;Acceleration of the CSR strategy. ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF 15 MAY 2023 HighCo’s joint Annual General Meeting will be held at the head office in Aix-en-Provence on Monday  15 May 2023 at 10.30 a.m. (CET). An increased dividend of €0.40 per share with respect to FY 2022  will be proposed at the meeting  with the payment date scheduled for 26 May 2023 (ex-dividend date of 24 May 2023). The Supervisory Board examined the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. At the time of writing  the audit of the consolidated financial statements has been carried out. The certification reports will be issued once the required specific verifications have been finalised in order to file the universal registration document. A conference call with analysts will take place on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 11:00 a.m. (CET). The presentation will be available at the beginning of the meeting on the Company’s website ((www.highco.com) under Investors > Financial Information > Financial analysts meetings. About HighCo As an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has more than 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing. Your contactsCécile Collina-Hue Nicolas CassarManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.com Upcoming events Publication takes place after market close. Conference call on annual earnings: Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 11 a.m.Q1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  26 April 2023Q2 and H1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  19 July 20232023 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  13 September 2023Conference call on half-year earnings: Thursday  14 September 2023 at 11 a.m.Q3 and 9-month YTD 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 2023Q4 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024 HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS)  CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com. This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims all liability for any inaccuracy herein. Attachment HighCo CP Résultats 2022_FR_VDEF_EN© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about HIGHCO 03/28 Highco : 2022 annual earnings GL 03/28 Highco : 2022 annual earnings GL 03/28 High Co. SA Proposes Dividend for the Year 2022  Payable on 26 May 2023 CI 03/06 Highco : Shareholding as 02/28/2023 GL 02/28 Highco : Shareholding as 01/31/2023 PU 02/03 Highco : Shareholding as 31/01/2023 GL 02/03 Highco : Shareholding as 31/01/2023 GL 01/25 Highco : Q4 2022 Gross Profit PU 01/25 Highco : Q4 2022 gross profit GL 01/25 Highco : Q4 2022 gross profit GL Analyst Recommendations on HIGHCO 2021 Analyst recommendations: Doximity  Flutter  Salesforce  Nordstro..,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.2,0.36,True,English,"['2022 annual earnings', 'HighCo', 'strong Operating cash flow', 'Mobile Full-year 2022 gross profit', 'multiple email addresses', 'constant exchange rates', 'complex economic environment', 'fresh governance structure', 'operating working capital', 'traditional promotion management', 'attributable net income3', 'average exchange rate', 'non-current financial debt', 'communication consulting client', 'other operating income', 'net cash surplus', 'Stable gross profit', 'strong financial performance', 'Headline PBIT/Gross profit', 'Share buyback programme', 'communication consulting businesses', 'SLIGHT BUSINESS GROWTH', '2022 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE', 'Slight growth', 'Operating margin', 'Management Board', 'STRONG RESULTS', 'strong momentum', 'Financial position', 'Net cash4', 'average number', 'cash equivalents', 'Operational income', 'gross current', 'Headline PBIT2', '2 Headline PBIT', 'good resistance', 'Continued investment', 'startup studio', 'CSR strategy', 'comparable scope', 'restructuring costs', 'Didier Chabassieu', 'main clients', 'leading player', 'gradual phasing', 'paper flyers', 'Double-digit growth', 'coupon clearing', 'main reasons', 'sharp drop', 'International business', 'Mobile business', 'tax income', 'offline businesses', 'FURTHER RISE', 'rise in', 'First name', 'PROPOSED DIVIDEND', 'HIGHCO POSTS', 'HighCo Venturi', 'The Group', '2022 annual earnings', 'digital businesses', '1% growth', '04pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Provence', 'March', 'PROFITABILITY', 'INCREASE', 'basis', 'LFL', 'France', 'decline', 'EPS', 'IFRS', '31 December', 'Shareholder', 'AGM', 'May', 'Guidance', 'projects', 'Acceleration', 'share3', 'period', 'data', 'interest', 'expenses', 'assets', 'sale', 'operations', 'impact', 'shares', 'less', 'year-end', 'Chairman', 'expertise', 'agility', 'staff', 'relations', 'brands', 'retailers', 'challenges', 'inflation', 'ambition', 'marketing', '2/3', 'region', 'volumes', 'coupons', 'two-thirds', 'one-quarter', 'loss', 'Belgium', 'significant', '€', '2021', '0.']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/HighCo-2022-annual-earnings-43359632/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,HighCo: 2022 annual earnings,(marketscreener.com) Aix-en-Provence  28 March 2023 HIGHCO POSTS STRONG RESULTS FOR 2022: SLIGHT BUSINESS GROWTH  FURTHER RISE IN PROFITABILITY TO 21%; INCREASE IN PROPOSED DIVIDEND TO €0.40 PER SHARE Slight business growth in 2022 driven by the strong moment…,HighCo: 2022 annual earnings 03/28/2023 | 12:04pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Aix-en-Provence  28 March 2023 (6 p.m.) HIGHCO POSTS STRONG RESULTS FOR 2022: SLIGHT BUSINESS GROWTH  FURTHER RISE IN PROFITABILITY TO 21%; INCREASE IN PROPOSED DIVIDEND TO €0.40 PER SHARE (UP 25%) Slight business growth in 2022 driven by the strong momentum of Mobile Full-year 2022 gross profit of €77.16 m  up 0.8% on a reported basis and LFL 1 .. Slight growth in digital businesses (up 1% LFL) and good resistance of offline businesses (up 0.5% LFL).Business growth in France (up 1.5% LFL) and decline in International business (down 3.6% LFL).Further rise in profitability to 21% Headline PBIT 2 of €16.22 m  up 4.4%.of €16.22 m  up 4.4%. Operating margin 2 of 21%  up 70 basis points.of 21%  up 70 basis points. Adjusted attributable net income 3 of €9.18 m  up 5.4%.of €9.18 m  up 5.4%. Adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of €0.45  up 7.2%. Financial position remains strong Operating cash flow of €12.66 m (excluding IFRS 16)  down €2.67 m.Net cash4 excluding operating working capital of €19.05 m at 31 December 2022  representing an increase of €1.13 m compared to 31 December 2021. Shareholder returns Dividend of €0.40 per share to be proposed at the AGM in May 2023  for a 25% increase.Share buyback programme continued. 2023 Guidance Stable gross profit.Operating margin of about 21%.Continued investment in projects launched by the startup studio HighCo Venturi.Acceleration of the CSR strategy.(€ m) 2022 2021 2022/2021Change Gross profit 77.16 76.52 +0.8% Headline PBIT2 16.22 15.54 +4.4% Operating margin2 (%) 21.0% 20.3% +70 bp Operational income 7.76 17.28 -55.1% Attributable net income 1.79 11.19 -84.0% Adjusted attributable net income3 9.18 8.71 +5.4% Adjusted earnings per share3 (in €) 0.45 0.42 +7.2% Operating cash flow (excluding IFRS 16) 12.66 15.33 (€2.67 m) Net cash4 excluding operating working capital 19.05 17.92 €1.13 m 1 Like for like: Based on a comparable scope and at constant exchange rates (i.e. applying the average exchange rate over the period to data from the compared period).2 Headline PBIT: Profit before interest  tax and restructuring costs. Operating margin: Headline PBIT/Gross profit.3 Adjusted attributable net income: Attributable net income excluding other operating income and expenses (2022: expense of €7.39 m; 2021: income of €2.46 m) and excluding the net after-tax income from assets held for sale and discontinued operations (2022: no impact; 2021: income of €0.02 m); adjusted earnings per share based on an average number of shares of 20 324 535 at 31 December 2022 and of 20 677 545 at 31 December 2021.4 Net cash (or net cash surplus): Cash and cash equivalents less gross current and non-current financial debt at year-end. Didier Chabassieu  Chairman of the Management Board  stated  “In 2022  HighCo posted a strong financial performance that allowed the Group to propose a dividend of €0.40 per share. Despite the complex economic environment  the Group’s expertise and the agility of its staff have helped to strengthen our relations with our main clients. The Group is positioned as a leading player for brands and retailers that must step up to the challenges of inflation and the gradual phasing-out of paper flyers. HighCo is moving into 2023 with a fresh governance structure and the ambition to accelerate its CSR strategy.” 2022 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Slight business growth in 2022 driven by the strong momentum of Mobile The Group’s businesses grew slightly in 2022  by 0.8% to €77.16 m  with: Double-digit growth in Mobile (up 12.2%);(up 12.2%); Good resistance of coupon clearing businesses;businesses; Drop in the business of traditional promotion management;Decline in marketing & communication consulting. With 1% growth  Digital accounted for more than 2/3 of business (67%)  and offline businesses held up well over the year (up 0.5%). Broken down by region  business grew in France by 1.5% to €67.44 m in 2022  representing 87.4% of the Group’s gross profit. The main reasons for this growth are: double-digit growth in Mobile businesses (up 11%)  the rise in volumes of coupons cleared (up 2%)  while traditional promotion management and marketing & communication consulting businesses were down.Digital businesses grew 1.7% in France over the year  and their share rose slightly to more than two-thirds of gross profit (67.6%). This growth in Digital came directly from Mobile business  which accounts for one-quarter of business in the region (25%). Despite the loss of a marketing & communication consulting client  offline businesses grew 1.1% over the year. International business fell 3.6% to €9.71 m  accounting for 12.6% of the Group’s gross profit for the year.The share of Digital in International businesses represented 62.8% of gross profit.In Belgium  gross profit retracted 7.3% and was impacted by a sharp drop in the volume of coupons cleared (down 18%) and the significant slowdown in the promotion management business.With growth in double digits (up 25.8%) and fully digital  business in other countries (Spain and Italy) was very strong and now account for 1.9% of the Group’s gross profit. Further rise in profitability to 21% Business growth  combined with sound cost control  led to a 4.4% rise in headline PBIT in 2022 to €16.22 m  with: A further 3.8% increase in headline PBIT in France to €13.92 m (2021: €13.42 m);Growth in International headline PBIT of 8.3% to €2.3 m (2021: €2.12 m) resulting from sound cost control in Belgium and strong business growth in the other countries (Spain and Italy). 2022 operating margin (headline PBIT/gross profit) rose by 70 basis points to a high level of 21% compared with 20.3% for 2021. After deducting restructuring costs (2022: €1.07 m  2021: €0.71 m)  recurring operating income came out at €15.15 m  up slightly by 2.2% (2021: €14.82 m). 2022 operating income was down  at €7.76 m  due to another operating expense of €7.36 m involving the goodwill impairment recognised for Belgium. The impairment did not impact the Group’s cash flow or net cash surplus. As a reminder  in 2021 other operating income totalling €2.46 m was recognised for the fair value remeasurement of the earn-out recognised as part of the Useradgents acquisition. The tax expense amounted to at €4.36 m in 2022 (2021: expense of €4.29 m). The effective tax rate fell slightly by 40 basis points to stand at 29.2% for the period. Adjusted attributable net income rose 5.4% to €9.18 m (2021: €8.71 m)  while reported attributable net income was down sharply to €1.79 m (2021: €11.19 m) due to the goodwill impairment for Belgium. The Group recorded adjusted EPS of €0.45  up 7.2% compared with 2021 (€0.42 per share). Financial position remains strong Cash flow amounted to €15.85 m  down €2.64 m compared with the figure at 31 December 2021. Excluding the impact of IFRS 16 – Leases  cash flow amounted to €12.66 m  down by €2.67 m compared with cash flow at 31 December 2021. Net cash at 31 December 2022 amounted to €70 m  down €3.71 m compared with 31 December 2021.Excluding operating working capital (€50.95 m at 31 December 2022)  net cash was high  at €19.05 m  up by €1.13 m with respect to 31 December 2021. HIGHCO AND THE TRANSFORMATION OF RETAIL In 2022  two key trends impacted the consumer goods market: The return of inflation  which was particularly high for food products (up 14.5% 5 )  is shrinking the purchasing power of households;)  is shrinking the purchasing power of households; Due to France’s AGEC law6 and consumer expectations concerning environmental protection  the majority of retail food chains have pledged to limit the use of paper and gradually phase out flyers. As a market leader in the transformation of retail  HighCo supports its clients  brands and retailers on all sales channels. In-store retail remains consumers’ preferred shopping channel  especially for food. With the pressure from other distribution channels  physical stores must gradually reinvent themselves to transform their space into places of experience  bring more services and reduce their impact on the environment (especially by reducing the use of paper). That is why HighCo supports retailers like E.Leclerc in installing interactive kiosks used to coordinate POS campaigns and to keep its customer base “contactable”. After two years of Covid  e-commerce returned to normal business levels (up 13.8%7). These days  it is crucial for retailers to turn digital technology into a profitable growth driver. In response to this need  HighCo supported the e-discounter Le Club Leader Price in designing its digital communication campaigns and developing its sales campaigns. Useradgents also helped La Redoute in embracing its new corporate identity throughout its digital ecosystem. As 87% of the population now using a smartphone8  mobile devices have completely disrupted consumer habits. The Group invested at a very early stage in developing Mobile services. Today  HighCo is the third-largest player in the marketing SMS routing market in France. Meanwhile  Useradgents has been supporting Casino group chains (in collaboration with RelevanC) for many years and franprix in designing  developing and maintaining their mobile-focused digital services. The development of new behaviours on social media and web3 are stimulating e-commerce sales. In 2022  HighCo worked with Laboratoires Arkopharma in coordinating their influence strategy: 400 macro-  micro- and nano-influencers were selected and activated to create regular  creative messages. The Group also launched HighCo Metaland to guide brands and retailers in developing their first web3 experiences. The gradual phasing-out of flyers presents new opportunities for HighCo. This historical mass media will be replaced with multiple complementary digital solutions. The Group is already building positions in several of these areas: in-store kiosks  mobile coupons  promotion management platform  etc. 5 INSEE  February 2023.6 French anti-waste and circular economy law.7 FEVAD  2022.8 CREDOC  Baromètre du numérique 2022 (2022 Digital Barometer). GOVERNANCE AND CSR The Group aims to lead by example in terms of social and environmental performance. This goal has resulted in a fresh governance structure and an acceleration in its CSR strategy. New members on the governance team Since Cyril Tramon joined the Supervisory Board in 2022 as Vice-Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Audit and CSR Committee  HighCo has continued to update its governance structure. The Management Board therefore decided to create a new Management Committee to get managers involved in the Group’s strategic guidelines. CSR strategy In 2022  HighCo continued its actions to improve HR and social performance  in particular with: Balance achieved of women in management (49% at end-2022);Average length of service maintained at more than eight years despite a high turnover rate on the job market;High rating from EcoVadis maintained (Gold)  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing;Pursuit of the entrepreneurial sponsorship programme (two new startup winners of the Frédéric Chevalier Award in 2022). 2022 also saw the first acceleration in the Group’s CSR strategy  with: C reation of a dedicated CSR department ;; HAGIR  the environmental organisation created by HighCo employees  launched its first internal campaigns to raise employee awareness about climate change by organising four Climate Fresk workshops. In 2023  HighCo plans to strengthen its CSR commitments by developing its strategy  conducting a carbon footprint assessment to define the Group’s decarbonisation pathway and continuing its action to increase employee engagement. SHAREHOLDER RETURNS Increase in dividend With this healthy financial performance  at the next General Meeting scheduled for 15 May 2023  a dividend payment of €0.40 per share will be proposed  representing a 25% increase (€0.32 per share paid in 2022 for 2021). Share buyback programme continued The Management Board also plans to continue its share buyback programme  authorised at the General Meeting on 16 May 2022 and involving more than €1.5 m in 2023 (2022: €1.68 m). 2023 GUIDANCE For 2023  HighCo forecasts: S table gross profit (2022 gross profit: €77.16 m);(2022 gross profit: €77.16 m); Operating margin (headline PBIT/gross profit) of approximately 21% (2022 operating margin: 21%). The Group’s financial resources will be allocated to: Progress on the projects launched by the startup studio HighCo Venturi (operating investments of between €1 m and €2 m);Capital expenditure of between €1 m and €2 m (2022: €1.16 m);of between €1 m and €2 m (2022: €1.16 m); Shareholder returns;Acceleration of the CSR strategy. ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF 15 MAY 2023 HighCo’s joint Annual General Meeting will be held at the head office in Aix-en-Provence on Monday  15 May 2023 at 10.30 a.m. (CET). An increased dividend of €0.40 per share with respect to FY 2022  will be proposed at the meeting  with the payment date scheduled for 26 May 2023 (ex-dividend date of 24 May 2023). The Supervisory Board examined the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. At the time of writing  the audit of the consolidated financial statements has been carried out. The certification reports will be issued once the required specific verifications have been finalised in order to file the universal registration document. A conference call with analysts will take place on Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 11:00 a.m. (CET). The presentation will be available at the beginning of the meeting on the Company’s website ((www.highco.com) under Investors > Financial Information > Financial analysts meetings. About HighCo As an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has more than 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing. Your contactsCécile Collina-Hue Nicolas CassarManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.com Upcoming events Publication takes place after market close. Conference call on annual earnings: Wednesday  29 March 2023 at 11 a.m.Q1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  26 April 2023Q2 and H1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  19 July 20232023 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  13 September 2023Conference call on half-year earnings: Thursday  14 September 2023 at 11 a.m.Q3 and 9-month YTD 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 2023Q4 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024 HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS)  CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com. This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims all liability for any inaccuracy herein. Attachment HighCo CP Résultats 2022_FR_VDEF_ENAll news about HIGHCO 03/28 Highco : 2022 annual earnings GL 03/28 Highco : 2022 annual earnings GL 03/28 High Co. SA Proposes Dividend for the Year 2022  Payable on 26 May 2023 CI 03/06 Highco : Shareholding as 02/28/2023 GL 02/28 Highco : Shareholding as 01/31/2023 PU 02/03 Highco : Shareholding as 31/01/2023 GL 02/03 Highco : Shareholding as 31/01/2023 GL 01/25 Highco : Q4 2022 Gross Profit PU 01/25 Highco : Q4 2022 gross profit GL 01/25 Highco : Q4 2022 gross profit GL Analyst Recommendations on HIGHCO 2021 Analyst recommendations: Doximity  Flutter  Salesforce  Nordstro..,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.2,0.36,True,English,"['2022 annual earnings', 'HighCo', 'strong Operating cash flow', 'Mobile Full-year 2022 gross profit', 'multiple email addresses', 'constant exchange rates', 'complex economic environment', 'fresh governance structure', 'operating working capital', 'traditional promotion management', 'attributable net income3', 'average exchange rate', 'non-current financial debt', 'communication consulting client', 'other operating income', 'net cash surplus', 'Stable gross profit', 'strong financial performance', 'Headline PBIT/Gross profit', 'Share buyback programme', 'communication consulting businesses', 'SLIGHT BUSINESS GROWTH', '2022 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE', 'Slight growth', 'Operating margin', 'Management Board', 'STRONG RESULTS', 'strong momentum', 'Financial position', 'Net cash4', 'average number', 'cash equivalents', 'Operational income', 'gross current', 'Headline PBIT2', '2 Headline PBIT', 'good resistance', 'Continued investment', 'startup studio', 'CSR strategy', 'comparable scope', 'restructuring costs', 'Didier Chabassieu', 'main clients', 'leading player', 'gradual phasing', 'paper flyers', 'Double-digit growth', 'coupon clearing', 'main reasons', 'sharp drop', 'International business', 'Mobile business', 'tax income', 'offline businesses', 'FURTHER RISE', 'rise in', 'First name', 'PROPOSED DIVIDEND', 'HIGHCO POSTS', 'HighCo Venturi', 'The Group', '2022 annual earnings', 'digital businesses', '1% growth', '04pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Provence', 'March', 'PROFITABILITY', 'INCREASE', 'basis', 'LFL', 'France', 'decline', 'EPS', 'IFRS', '31 December', 'Shareholder', 'AGM', 'May', 'Guidance', 'projects', 'Acceleration', 'share3', 'period', 'data', 'interest', 'expenses', 'assets', 'sale', 'operations', 'impact', 'shares', 'less', 'year-end', 'Chairman', 'expertise', 'agility', 'staff', 'relations', 'brands', 'retailers', 'challenges', 'inflation', 'ambition', 'marketing', '2/3', 'region', 'volumes', 'coupons', 'two-thirds', 'one-quarter', 'loss', 'Belgium', 'significant', '€', '2021', '0.']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/final-reminder-that-former-shareholders-of-stars-have-until-may-4-2023-to-claim-their-flutter-shares-301782204.html,Final Reminder that Former Shareholders of Stars have until May 4  2023  to claim their Flutter Shares,"Unclaimed Flutter Shares will be lost. DUBLIN  Ireland  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Flutter Entertainment plc (""Flutter"") is providing a final reminder to former shareholders of The Stars Group Inc. (""Stars"") to claim any ordinary shares of Flutter (""Flutte…","Unclaimed Flutter Shares will be lost.DUBLIN  Ireland  March 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Flutter Entertainment plc (""Flutter"") is providing a final reminder to former shareholders of The Stars Group Inc. (""Stars"") to claim any ordinary shares of Flutter (""Flutter Shares"") to which they are entitled and have not yet claimed by the deadline of May 4th  2023. Following completion of the combination of Stars and Flutter (the ""Combination"")  which became effective on May 5  2020 (the ""Effective Date"")  former shareholders of Stars are entitled to 0.2253 of a Flutter Share for each Stars common share (""Stars Shares"") held by the shareholder on the Effective Date.In order to receive Flutter Shares  a completed Letter of Transmittal  together with a certificate representing the Stars Shares held by such shareholder (if any) and all other required documents  must be delivered to Computershare Investor Services Inc. (contact details below)  the depositary in connection with the Combination  which holds unclaimed Flutter Shares in trust for former Stars shareholders.FORMER STARS SHAREHOLDERS WHO DO NOT EXCHANGE THEIR STARS SHARES BY MAY 4  2023 (being the date that is three years less one day from the Effective Date) WILL LOSE THEIR RIGHT TO RECEIVE THE CONSIDERATION IN EXCHANGE FOR SUCH SHAREHOLDER'S STARS SHARES AND (I) WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE SURRENDERED TO FLUTTER ANY FLUTTER SHARES  TOGETHER WITH ALL ENTITLEMENTS TO DIVIDENDS  DISTRIBUTIONS AND INTEREST THEREON  HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY IN TRUST FOR SUCH FORMER SHAREHOLDER AND (II) ANY STARS SHARES FORMERLY HELD BY SUCH FORMER STARS SHAREHOLDER WILL CEASE TO REPRESENT A CLAIM OR INTEREST OF ANY NATURE.Former non-registered (beneficial) holders of Stars Shares are advised to urgently engage with their broker  investment dealer or other intermediary to ensure that such intermediaries promptly submit Letters of Transmittal to claim the Flutter Shares to which the former non-registered (beneficial) holders of Stars Shares are entitled.All Flutter Shares claimed will be issued in ""certificated"" form by default. Former shareholders of Stars who wish to hold their Flutter Shares in ""uncertificated"" form will need to take steps to convert the certificated Flutter Shares issued to them into uncertificated form. Only Flutter Shares which are held in uncertificated form can be traded electronically on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin under the ticker ""FLTR"" with ISIN IE00BWT6H894.A copy of the Letter of Transmittal and a ""Settlement FAQ"" containing further information on holding Flutter Shares in uncertificated form  as well as the process for converting certificated shares into uncertificated shares  can be found on Flutter's website at https://www.flutter.com/investors/corporate-transactions/ and then select ""Stars Group Merger"".Former shareholders of Stars with questions on the settlement process may contact Flutter's Information Agent  Laurel Hill Advisory Group  at 1-877-452-7184 toll-free in North America  or outside North America at +1 416 304-0211  or by e-mail at [email protected].For queries relating to the submission of Letters of Transmittal  former shareholders of Stars may also contact Computershare Investor Services Inc. at 1-800-564-6253 (within North America); 514-982-7555 (International)  or by e-mail at [email protected].SOURCE Flutter Entertainment PLC",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Final Reminder', 'Former Shareholders', 'Flutter Shares', 'Stars', 'May', 'Computershare Investor Services Inc.', 'Laurel Hill Advisory Group', 'Former non-registered (beneficial) holders', 'The Stars Group Inc.', 'SOURCE Flutter Entertainment PLC', 'Stars Group Merger', 'other required documents', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Stars common share', 'former Stars shareholders', 'Unclaimed Flutter Shares', 'former shareholders', 'other intermediary', 'Stars Shares', 'ordinary shares', 'uncertificated shares', 'final reminder', 'contact details', 'investment dealer', 'uncertificated"" form', 'uncertificated form', 'ISIN IE00BWT6H89', 'Settlement FAQ', 'North America', 'Effective Date', 'Euronext Dublin', 'settlement process', 'Information Agent', 'SUCH SHAREHOLDER', 'Ireland', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'deadline', 'May', 'completion', 'combination', 'order', 'Letter', 'Transmittal', 'depositary', 'connection', 'trust', 'RIGHT', 'CONSIDERATION', 'DIVIDENDS', 'DISTRIBUTIONS', 'INTEREST', 'NATURE', 'broker', 'intermediaries', 'default', 'steps', 'ticker', 'FLTR', 'copy', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-transactions', 'questions', 'mail', 'queries', 'submission']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,prnewswire.com
21576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACTIA-GROUP-5110/news/Actia-consolidated-2022-results-43353575/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Actia : consolidated 2022 results,(marketscreener.com)   REVENUE +12.1% - EBITDA continuing operations +13.7%   In the year of 2022  despite all the challenges it presented  ACTIA consolidated its growth with revenue of €499.8 million  up by 12.1%. The Group's ongoing investments in its …,REVENUE +12.1% - EBITDA continuing operations +13.7%In the year of 2022  despite all the challenges it presented  ACTIA consolidated its growth with revenue of €499.8 million  up by 12.1%. The Group's ongoing investments in its businesses and expertise  uninterrupted despite the many crises  has resulted in progress in all of ACTIA's business sectors and enabled it to absorb the end of the significant contract with Volvo Car  with a negative impact of €43.1 million. This was achieved at a time when the supply situation remained difficult  continuing to cause production delays of more than €10 million at the end of the year and increases in inventory.In 2022  ACTIA Group also disposed of two non-strategic businesses  allowing it to focus its resources on embedded electronics for mobility and power management  and to strengthen its financial position. With improved agility and able to contain the effects of inflation and the supply difficulties  ACTIA achieved EBITDA from continuing operations of €40.8 million  up by 13.7%.ACTIA Group's customer portfolio and order book over the coming years point to a robust outlook for growth allowing it to set its sights on revenue in excess of €800 million by 2025  in spite of the disposals made in 2022. For 2023  ACTIA might expect to enjoy growth of over 15%.As in the first half of 2022  the figures for 2021 have been restated  with the Power Division classified under discontinued operations in order to facilitate comparison with the 2022 figures. The explanations given in this press release are based on the restated 2021 figures.The consolidated financial statements for the period 1 January to 31 December 2022 were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 27 March 2023.EBITDA: Net income + tax + impairment of goodwill + financial interest and charges + depreciation +/- financial derivatives.Total EBITDA (including continuing and discontinued operations) used as the basis to calculate the leverage ratio.CONSOLIDATED 2022 RESULTS2022 revenue and activities by division were given in the press release of 22 February 2023.At 31 December 2022  ACTIA had achieved total consolidated revenue of €499.8 million  up by 12.1 %. The Automotive Division represented 84.2% of the Group's annual revenues or €420.7 million  a year-on-year increase of 10.0%. The Telecoms Division represented 15.7% of the Group's annual revenues or €78.6 million  up by 24.1%. Thanks to a combative stance that has helped to mitigate the effects of the components crisis  and the ramping up of deliveries against the multi-year contracts signed  then developed over the previous years  ACTIA generated additional revenues of €85 million  taking into account the end of the Volvo Car contract.Against this background  ACTIA achieved EBITDA from continuing operations of €40.8 million  up by 13.7%. As a percentage  EBITDA stood at 8.2%  representing a return for ACTIA to the levels seen pre-health crisis. This is also evidence of a better sharing of the costs in a high-inflation environment. The adaptation of the pricing policy was made possible by the commitment of the teams to the change management process led by ACTIA with its portfolio of customers. The increase in purchases consumed  at €279.3 million  was thus limited to 15.4%. However  the slowdown experienced throughout the supply chain  caused by the ongoing shortages of components  has meant that the productivity gains expected from the 2015-2019 investment plan have not been captured.In order to realise the full potential of its position as a leading technological and industrial partner  ACTIA continues to reinforce its operations and its teams. In a job market that remained difficult in 2022  and taking into account salary increases  personnel costs rose by 3.1% to €126.5 million. They are equally spread between France and abroad. In 2022  ACTIA had 3 730 employees spread across 4 production sites in France  Tunisia  the United States and Sweden  as well as its subsidiaries in 16 countries.In line with its growth prospects  ACTIA is developing the solutions expected by its customers over the next few years. The state of progress on the customer programmes meant a low level of capitalisation of R&D expenses and a decline in the research tax credit to €5.0 million  from €5.8 million in 2021. The headcount in R&D at 31 December 2022 was 1 342 compared to 1 182 at the end of 2021. The 2022 R&D commitments of €80.3 million (42.2% reinvoiced  40.7% expensed  17.1% capitalised) were stable compared to 2021. They are evidence of the high level of R&D activity resulting from the commercial successes of the past few years that ensure the Group's organic growth  despite the disposals.Having taken into account depreciation of €29.6 million  a standard level  ACTIA's operating income rose by 71.5% to €9.8 million in 2022  compared to €5.7 million in 2021. The Automotive Division contributed €7.7 million and the Telecoms Division €2.5 million; the operating income of the holding company was a negative €0.5 million related to the costs incurred for the disposals.The financial result for 2022 was a negative €7.7 million  consisting of €5.0 million in financial interest and charges  the annual rise in which of €1.2 million was due to short-term  variable-rate financing and the medium-term borrowings put in place over the past two years  and 'State Guaranteed Loans' and 'Recovery Bonds' at fixed rates that are higher than for the borrowings made during the health crisis. The balance of €2.7 million in other financial income and expense reflects the unfavourable change in the value of foreign exchange hedging instruments related to the slight strengthening of the euro at the end of 2022.Net income - Group share for 2022  taking into account the gains realised by the disposals of €35.8 million  and pending arbitration for the Power Division  amounted to €19.9 million. The Automotive Division  which bears the cost of hedging instruments of €4.1 million  contributed €2.0 million from continuing operations  and the Telecoms Division €1.9 million.DEBT & BALANCE SHEETNet debt  excluding IFRS 16 lease liabilities  amounted to €187.4 million at end December 2022 compared to €201.1 million at the end of 2021. IFRS 16 lease liabilities was stable at €21.3 million as compared to €20.7 for the previous year. The leverage ratio (net debt to EBITDA excluding hedging instruments) stood at 3.49  a level well below the average of 4.70 for the previous ten years (2012-2021). Gearing at year-end was 153.7%  much improved compared to the situation at 31 December 2021 of 195.3%  but below the level necessary to comply with some covenants. Dispensation was requested in advance and granted in December by the banking partners in question (4.3% of medium-term debt). During 2022  ACTIA also took on new borrowings of €38.7 million  of which €18million in 'Recovery Bonds' to finance growth and innovation for SMEs and mid-caps engaged in the ecological transition.The Group's financing policy consists of three strands that each serve specific needs. Long-term financing is dedicated to the production facilities and real estate. Medium-term financing is used for structural R&D projects with an average lifetime of four to five years  which can exceptionally reach seven years  and the renewal of materials and equipment necessary to maintain the quality and capacity of production systems. Together  they represented €157.6 million and decreased by €23.4 million. Short-term financing  at €99.5 million  compared to €97.4 million in 2021  cover WCR. The latter increased by €33.2 million due to the needs of the business with a substantial increase in inventory of €38.0 million to €210.7 million  reflecting the effects of the components shortage (higher stocks of components and semi-finished goods in the absence of other components being available). Trade receivables  at €159.8 million  were also up by 10.4% at the end of the period.2023 OUTLOOKTaking into account the ongoing pressure on WCR due to the difficulties of procuring components  the disposals made in 2022 and the good level of business  it should be possible to continue the trend towards an improvement in the Group's operating profitability. For 2023  excluding any significant improvement in the supply situation  and leaving to one side social movements that could block the country  ACTIA could see growth of over 15%. Based on its robust order book and its portfolio of multi-year contracts that continues to strengthen  by 2025 ACTIA Group envisages revenue in excess of €800 million. This growth will be associated with a new segmentation of the Group's activities into 4 Divisions (Mobility  Energy  Aerospace  Engineering) in order to provide greater clarity and visibility and  at the same time  a stronger growth trend.In 2023  ACTIA Group will be offering its shareholders a dividend distribution of 12 euro cents per share  in line with the Group's consolidated results and in accordance with its policy for shareholders' equity which rose by €21.2 million to stand at €134.2 million  equivalent to net assets per share of €6.67.………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………ABOUT ACTIAACTIA Group is a mid-market company (ETI) founded in 1986. It is family-owned and international and its head office is located in France. The family aspect guarantees the long-term future of the Group and its independence with an ever-present entrepreneurial spirit. ACTIA's business is to design and produce electronics to control systems in the particularly demanding fields of the automotive  rail  aeronautics  space  defence  power and telecommunications industries.The commitments made by ACTIA are reflected in the Group's ambitious contributions to addressing societal issues: mobility  connectivity  safety and the environment. Control over the design and production of products bearing the ACTIA signature is a true guarantee of quality. Without exception  all Group employees share this belief in quality in a fully certified environment.KEY FIGURES2023 revenue: €499.8 million.Over 3 700 employees around the world  including more than 1 200 engineers and technicians working in R&D.Present in 16 countries.14 to 18% of revenue reinvested every year in R&D.STOCK MARKETSEuronext Growth ParisISIN FR0000076655 - Mnemonic: ALATI Reuters: MRSP.PA - Bloomberg: AIELF: FPIndices: CAC ALL SHARES - CAC ALL-TRADABLE - CAC INDUSTRIALS - CAC MID&SMALL - CAC SMALL - EN TECH CROISSANCE - GAÏA INDEXCONTACTSACTIA - Catherine Mallet - Tel: +33 (0)561 176198 - contact.investisseurs@actia.frCALYPTUS - Marie Calleux - Tel: +33 (0)153 656868 - actia@calyptus.netDATES FOR THE DIARYPresentation of the annual results: Wednesday 29 March 2023 at 10 am by video-conference (register at: actia@calyptus.net)Publication of 2022 Annual Report: 28 April 2023Q1 2023 Revenue: Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 7 am,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.08,0.7,True,English,"['Actia', '2022 results', '2015-2019 investment plan', 'change management process', 'R&D expenses', '2022 R&D commitments', 'R&D activity', 'The Automotive Division', 'two non-strategic businesses', 'research tax credit', 'The Telecoms Division', 'Volvo Car contract', 'total consolidated revenue', 'significant contract', 'power management', 'Power Division', 'The Group', 'ongoing investments', 'many crises', 'business sectors', 'supply situation', 'production delays', 'supply difficulties', 'robust outlook', 'first half', 'press release', 'financial statements', 'Net income', 'financial interest', 'financial derivatives', 'leverage ratio', 'annual revenues', 'combative stance', 'multi-year contracts', 'additional revenues', 'health crisis', 'high-inflation environment', 'pricing policy', 'supply chain', 'ongoing shortages', 'productivity gains', 'full potential', 'leading technological', 'industrial partner', 'job market', '4 production sites', 'United States', 'customer programmes', 'low level', 'high level', 'commercial successes', 'standard level', 'operating income', 'holding company', 'Total EBITDA', 'discontinued operations', 'negative impact', 'financial position', 'customer portfolio', 'coming years', 'components crisis', 'previous years', 'salary increases', 'continuing operations', 'growth prospects', 'organic growth', 'order book', 'personnel costs', 'year increase', 'ACTIA Group', 'negative €', '2022 revenue', 'challenges', 'expertise', 'progress', 'end', 'time', 'inventory', 'resources', 'electronics', 'mobility', 'agility', 'effects', 'sights', 'excess', 'spite', 'disposals', 'figures', 'comparison', 'explanations', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '27 March', 'impairment', 'goodwill', 'charges', 'depreciation', 'basis', 'RESULTS', 'activities', '22 February', 'ramping', 'deliveries', 'account', 'background', 'percentage', 'return', 'levels', 'evidence', 'sharing', 'adaptation', 'teams', 'customers', 'purchases', 'slowdown', 'France', '3,730 employees', 'Tunisia', 'Sweden', 'subsidiaries', '16 countries', 'line', 'solutions', 'next', 'capitalisation', 'headcount', 'past', '8.']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/business-news/financial/italian-design-brands-on-track-ipo-profits-surge-1235596650/,Italian Design Brands On Track for IPO  Profits Surge,Key Italian furniture  interiors  lighting and kitchens holding company IDB has confirmed its IPO plans after reporting robust 2022 earnings.,MILAN — Italian Design Brands  one of the nation’s largest high-end furniture and design holdings  confirmed Tuesday that its initial public offering will go ahead as planned within the first half of the year  market conditions permitting.Established in 2015 by Private Equity Partners and a select group of investors through a company called Investindesign  the Milan-based company plans to list its shares on the Euronext exchange and perhaps the Star segment of the Milan Stock Exchange  its chairman and chief executive officer Andrea Sasso told WWD in a statement.“IDB’s listing project on Euronext Milan and  if the conditions are right  on the Star segment  remains valid and confirmed for the first half of this year  market conditions permitting ” Sasso said. “The IPO is a tremendous pull factor for our companies  which will help bring in new talent and top-level managers ” he added.On Tuesday  the group reported that its adjusted net profit almost doubled in 2022  reaching 25.5 million euros  compared to 13.3 million euros in 2021. Sales also rocketed 84.8 percent on a pro-forma basis to 266.5 million euros. Italian Design Brands’ adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization rose 111 percent to 49.2 million euros in 2022  with a pro-forma margin of 18.5 percent  up from 16.2 percent in 2021  IDB said.The 2022 pro-forma data was compiled in accordance with the IFRS international accounting standards to include the 12-month results of two recent acquisitions.In June 2022  IDB acquired the majority of Gamma Arredamenti International  an Italian company specializing in the production of upholstered furniture. In an operation that was finalized earlier this year  IDB entered into the kitchen and systems sector with a majority stake in Cubo Design  an Abruzzo  Italy-based company which owns the Binova and Miton Cucine brands  specializing in the production of modular kitchens and systems.In total  IDB’s portfolio includes 10 companies and 13 brands including upscale furniture brands Saba Italia  Gervasoni  Meridiani  lighting companies Davide Groppi  Axolight and Flexalighting in North America  as well as luxury contract companies like Modar and Cenacchi International  which makes installation of luxury furnishings for stores  showrooms  offices  hotels and prestigious homes anywhere in the world.The company’s luxury contract business surged 73.6 percent in 2022 to 68.3 million euros  while its furniture business rose 39.6 percent to 117 million euros on a pro-forma basis.Davide Groppi Spazioesperienze Space  Parma. Courtesy of IDB GroupLast year  about 75 percent of the group’s turnover was generated by exports to 130 countries  lifted by extra-EU markets  particularly the U.S.  IDB said.As reported in 2022  Citigroup and Equita remain the group’s joint global coordinators  an IDB spokesperson confirmed.Italian Design Brand’s founders have envisaged an IPO since its inception  making it possible to raise the capital to maintain growth rates  usher in new talent and attract top managers.Market-wide  the war in Ukraine delayed stock market listings in Italy last year and market headwinds continue to hinder companies from listing.Design Holding  another major Milan-based company owned by private equity firms Investindustrial and Carlyle  which includes B&B Italia  lamp-maker Louis Poulsen  and lighting brand Flos  is also expected by market watchers to list its shares in the near term. In 2021  Fendi partnered with Design Holding to create Fashion Furniture Design  or FF Design  which develops the brand’s Casa business. Design Holding was not available for comment at press time.According to a report released in April 2022  by Fondazione Symbola  Deloitte Private and Poli  Italy’s design sector is the world’s largest  home to 30 000 companies and fueled by 61 000 employees in 2020.Aided by demand to renovate and update personal and commercial spaces  Italy’s wood furnishing sector saw a 12.7 percent rise in 2022 versus 2021  increasing its value to 57 billion euros versus 43 billion euros in 2019  according to preliminary figures for 2022  released by wood furnishings consortium Federlegno Arredo.As Italian firms prepare for Milan Design Week  which runs from April 17 to 23  eyes will turn to the full year 2023 outlook.,neutral,0.23,0.76,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.15,0.48,True,English,"['Italian Design Brands', 'Track', 'IPO', 'Profits', 'IFRS international accounting standards', 'Davide Groppi Spazioesperienze Space', 'initial public offering', 'chief executive officer', 'tremendous pull factor', 'two recent acquisitions', 'Gamma Arredamenti International', 'joint global coordinators', 'Private Equity Partners', 'largest high-end furniture', 'Miton Cucine brands', 'B&B Italia', 'wood furnishings consortium', 'wood furnishing sector', 'stock market listings', 'private equity firms', 'upscale furniture brands', 'luxury contract business', 'Fashion Furniture Design', 'Milan Stock Exchange', 'full year 2023 outlook', 'Milan Design Week', 'Italian Design Brands', 'major Milan-based company', 'luxury contract companies', 'luxury furnishings', 'Cenacchi International', 'Italian firms', 'furniture business', 'design sector', 'Deloitte Private', 'upholstered furniture', 'Euronext exchange', 'Saba Italia', 'design holdings', 'Cubo Design', 'FF Design', 'Casa business', 'Italian company', 'Euronext Milan', 'market headwinds', 'market watchers', 'first half', 'Star segment', 'new talent', 'top-level managers', 'net profit', '25.5 million euros', '13.3 million euros', 'pro-forma basis', '266.5 million euros', '49.2 million euros', 'pro-forma margin', '2022 pro-forma data', '12-month results', 'modular kitchens', 'North America', 'prestigious homes', '68.3 million euros', '117 million euros', 'extra-EU markets', 'U.S.', 'growth rates', 'top managers', 'Louis Poulsen', 'brand Flos', 'near term', 'press time', 'Fondazione Symbola', 'commercial spaces', '57 billion euros', '43 billion euros', 'preliminary figures', 'Federlegno Arredo', 'market conditions', 'systems sector', 'Italy-based company', 'Andrea Sasso', 'listing project', 'majority stake', 'select group', 'IDB spokesperson', '12.7 percent rise', 'lighting companies', 'IDB Group', '13 brands', '10 companies', '30,000 companies', '18.5 percent', '16.2 percent', '75 percent', 'investors', 'shares', 'chairman', 'WWD', 'statement', 'IPO', 'Tuesday', 'Sales', 'earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'accordance', 'June', 'production', 'operation', 'Abruzzo', 'Binova', 'total', 'portfolio', 'Gervasoni', 'Meridiani', 'Axolight', 'Flexalighting', 'Modar', 'installation', 'stores', 'showrooms', 'offices', 'hotels', 'world', 'Parma', 'Courtesy', 'turnover', 'exports', '130 countries', 'Citigroup', 'Equita', 'founders', 'inception', 'capital', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'Investindustrial', 'Carlyle', 'lamp-maker', 'Fendi', 'comment', 'report', 'April', 'Poli', '61,000 employees', 'demand', 'personal', 'value', 'eyes']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,wwd.com
21578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVIBES-ADVERTISING-N-V-44658586/news/Invibes-Advertising-N-v-Invibes-Advertising-2022-Annual-Results-43359474/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Invibes Advertising N.v. :  Invibes Advertising : 2022 Annual Results.,(marketscreener.com)  Press release2022 Annual ResultsA year of adaptation to accommodate rapidly evolving market conditionsA refocused strategy to drive growth and target positive EBITDA in 2023London   28 March 2023 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced…,"Press release2022 Annual ResultsA year of adaptation to accommodate rapidly evolving market conditionsA refocused strategy to drive growth and target positive EBITDA in 2023London   28 March 2023 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising  publishes its annual results for 2022  a year marked by a swift adaptation to market conditions that radically changed within a few months.The annual financial report is available on the Company's website:https://www.invibes.com/uk/en/investors.htmlConsolidated dataaudited  in €k 2022 2021 Δ Turnover 27 966 23 201 +20.5% Purchases and external expenses (17 873) (13 664) +30.8% Personnel expenses (11 227) (8 159) +37.6% REBITDA1 (1 134) 1 378 (€2 512) Non-recurring expenses (3 374) (11) - EBITDA (4 508) 1 367 (€5 875) Depreciation  amortisation  and provisions (1 419) (958) +48.1% Recurring operating income (loss) (5 927) 409 (€6 336) Exceptional depreciation (1 766) - n/a Operating income (loss) (7 693) 409 (€8 102) Financial result (469) (353) +32.9% Tax 190 314 -39.5% Net result (loss) (7 972) 370 (€8 342)(1) REBITDA: Recurring EBITDA - Operating income before depreciation and provisions and non-recurring expenses as explained in disclosure 1.3 – Major operations  of the 2022 financial statements.+20.5% turnover growth in 2022 in a context of slowing market conditionsFollowing a doubling in revenue in 2021  Invibes Advertising generated an overall growth of +20.5% over the course of 2022. In context the Company achieved this despite the rapidly deteriorating market conditions  caused by a significant slowdown in the digital advertising market over H2 2022 linked to the uncertainties and tougher economic environment in Europe.The activity in some of Invibes Advertising's more established markets (France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2Grow) has been impacted where turnover grew by 12%. France in particular has proved challenging over the period.Scale-up countries (Germany  United Kingdom  Italy and Belgium) performed much better with a robust growth of 40%  confirming their potential.Strong cost-adjustment measures to adapt to the evolving market conditionsH1 of 2022 structural costs increased to support an ambitious commercial ramp-up in line with the Company's prospects of strong growth. The workforce expanded rapidly  reaching 230 FTE in June 2022 up from 124 in December 2021.A major slowdown in the advertising market over the summer months persuaded Invibes Advertising to take swift measures and to adapt its cost structure to the degraded economic climate  significantly reducing its sales and support staff in the 4th quarter of 2022. By December 2022  the Company's FTE was down to 195  a 15% reduction from its peak six months earlier. The flexibility of the Company allowed for adaption in the evolving situation whilst maintaining necessary commercial forces to pursue its growth in all strategic countries.Additionally  Invibes Advertising has temporarily suspended the launch of Adspark  its self-service platform dedicated to SMEs  as its deployment would have generated too much short-term expenditure without an immediate return on investment.These measures have generated substantial additional but non-recurring expense in 2022. From 2023  the Company will benefit favourably from the effect of this adaption on its cost structure - profitable growth remains management's objective!The implemented changes have been carefully chosen and to enable Invibes Advertising to retain its strong capacity for innovation  which is essential its ability to differentiate itself within the digital advertising ecosystem and to gain market share. Indeed  the Company's fully integrated proprietary technology platform is the cornerstone for its future development and growth as well as a major point of differentiation  as it allows Invibes Advertising to control the entire value chain  from the advertiser through to the publisher.2022 EBITDA impacted by the successive ramp-up and ramp-down phasesThe Company's EBITDA in 2022 was -€4.5 million compared to €1.4 million in 2021.EBITDA of 2022 includes K€ 762 restructuring costs  K€ 278 recruitment fee's and K€ 498 business departments who were terminated in 2022. These costs will not reoccur in 2023. The corresponding REBITDA (Operating income before depreciation and provisions and non-recurring expenses) amounts to K€(1 134) compared to K€1 378 in 2021.The EBITDA of 2022 also includes a non-recurring cost of a share-based non-cash compensation through emission of stock option plans essentially to senior staff  valued to K€ 1 837 according to a valuation report of 8Advisory dated March 27  2023.Within purchases and external expenses  in a general inflationary environment  certain operating costs such as office expenses have increased faster than revenues. However  the main impact on 2022 EBITDA is related to the evolution of the Company's personnel expenses throughout the year during toughening market conditions.Cost adjustment measures affected EBITDA margins at both Group and Country levels. That said  EBITDA remained strong in existing countries (France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2GROW) with EBITDA contribution amounted to 25.8%. Again  showing the resilience of the model when a market is matured and established and where all key fundamentals are activated  despite more challenging conditions.The breakdown of EBITDA by country maturity is as follows:Consolidated dataaudited  in €k 2022 2021 Δ Existing countries * Turnover 19 892 17 802 +12% EBITDA contribution 5 131 5 080 EBITDA 25.8% 28.5% Scale-up countries ** Turnover 7 538 5 379 +40% EBITDA contribution (640) 579 EBITDA n/a 10.8% New countries (start-up) *** Turnover 536 19 x 28 EBITDA contribution (1 529) (479) EBITDA n/a n/a Group overheads excl. CAPEX (7 470) (3 813) Consolidated EBITDA (4 508) 1 367* France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2GROW** Germany  UK  Italy and Belgium*** Sweden  Norway  Denmark  South Africa  Netherlands  UAE  Poland and Czech RepublicOperating income includes exceptional depreciation of €1.8 million  related to one-off amortizations of part of the technological platform. Part of the past developments were depreciated because of lack of future economic value.A solid balance sheet structureWith €20.4 million in cash (which includes €6.2 million deconsolidated factor financing) and a €13.6 million net cash position as of 31 December 2022  the Group has the capacity to finance its future development and maintain a high level of R&D investments as innovation remains essential to Invibes Advertising's approach.Management is carefully managing cash flow. The measures deployed over H2 2022 to lower the Company's cost base substantially and reduce its cash burn going forward from 2023 onwards.2023 outlook: drive growth and target positive EBITDAIn 2022  Invibes Advertising saw a strong increase in multi market campaigns for internationally recognised brands including: Club Med  Michael Kors  UGG  Max Mara  Saudi Aramco  Fender  Wimbledon  Bacardi  Facebook Gaming  Energizer  Benetton  Dell  Slack  Nestle  Lenovo  LEGO  Versace  Workplace  Siemens  Audi  LiuJo.The increase has been primarily driven by the geographical presence of Invibes in Europe and also related to its capacity and relentless strategy to innovate. Invibes Advertising has continued to deploy its Invibes ID Network to offer an alternative to third-party cookies (which will progressively be discontinued)  through Hashed emails  providing the same benefit and targeting advantages of the logged environments of the large platforms.Harnessing hashed emails with the Invibes ID Network enables more accurate targeting but more importantly enables Invibes to generate the necessary insights that prove the business case and impact of its campaigns.Invibes Advertising announced the details of its new roadmap built around three key levers  this will enhance the product further enabling it to rise above alternative offerings in markets  by providing customers with a unique  high-performing  and tailor-made value proposition:Capitalise on the fundamentals that have built Invibes Advertising's success since its creation:Innovation as a source of performance and efficiency in advertising campaigns and user engagement.An international network spanning 15 countries - allowing a cross-market approach  and the implementation of pan-European systems sought after by major international brands.A network of publishers offering unparalleled reach for campaigns.Experienced and customer-oriented teams.Continue to develop our Industry Solutions - adapted to the specific needs of certain industries. Today such industry solutions exist for the automotive  aviation and tourism  sustainability.- adapted to the specific needs of certain industries. Today such industry solutions exist for the automotive  aviation and tourism  sustainability. Deploy value-added technology services for strategic customers  with the key objective of signing long term contractual commitments and increasing the services the Company delivers to those customers.In an economic climate that remains challenging  the Group will be unable to reach its previously announced 2024 target turnover. However  a refocused strategy combined with cost adjustments implemented over the past few months has laid the right foundations and put Invibes Advertising in an advantaged position to pursue growth and target a return to positive EBITDA in 2023.About Invibes AdvertisingInvibes Advertising (Invibes) is an international technology company specialising in digital advertising innovation. Founded by co-CEOs Kris Vlaemynck and Nicolas Pollet on the philosophy that digital advertising efficiency comes from being truly innovative and naturally engaging to users  Invibes has developed an integrated technology platform for brands to reach consumers through high-quality in-feed advertising experiences.Invibes delivers high user engagement and attention for brands by harnessing the power of big data  innovative in-feed formats  broad reach  and extensive intelligence services.To partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people. At Invibes we strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes? Visit: www.invibes.comInvibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)Read our latest press releases at:https://www.invibes.com/investors.htmlFollow the latest news about Invibes Advertising on:LinkedIn @Invibes Advertising Twitter @Invibes_advFinancial & Corporate Contacts:Kris Vlaemynck  co-CEOkris.vlaemynck@invibes.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nJubkZScYW/HmmtpZplta2NpbWqWyJaZaWfLxpOek5zFa5timWeUl5nGZnBqlW1r- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79085-2023-03-28-pr-invibes-advertising-en-final.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.13,0.47,True,English,"['Invibes Advertising N.v.', '2022 Annual Results', 'necessary commercial forces', 'entire value chain', 'share-based non-cash compensation', 'stock option plans', 'general inflationary environment', 'tougher economic environment', 'ambitious commercial ramp-up', 'proprietary technology platform', 'deteriorating market conditions', 'toughening market conditions', 'evolving market conditions', 'digital advertising ecosystem', 'Strong cost-adjustment measures', 'Cost adjustment measures', 'digital advertising market', 'advanced technology company', 'Recurring operating income', 'annual financial report', 'evolving situation', 'market share', 'economic climate', 'self-service platform', 'successive ramp-up', 'recurring cost', '2022 Annual Results', 'Financial result', '2022 financial statements', 'strong capacity', 'swift measures', 'cost structure', 'recurring expenses', 'Invibes Advertising', 'Press release', 'refocused strategy', 'Consolidated data', 'external expenses', 'Personnel expenses', 'Net result', 'Major operations', 'significant slowdown', 'established markets', 'Scale-up countries', 'United Kingdom', 'major slowdown', 'support staff', '4th quarter', 'strategic countries', 'short-term expenditure', 'immediate return', 'substantial additional', 'non-recurring expense', 'future development', 'major point', 'down phases', 'recruitment fee', 'business departments', 'corresponding REBITDA', 'senior staff', 'office expenses', 'main impact', 'strong growth', 'operating costs', '2022 structural costs', 'restructuring costs', 'overall growth', 'robust growth', 'profitable growth', 'Recurring EBITDA', 'swift adaptation', 'summer months', 'positive EBITDA', 'EBITDA margins', 'The Company', 'Exceptional depreciation', '+20.5% turnover growth', 'Δ Turnover', '2022 EBITDA', 'year', 'rapidly', 'London', 'website', 'investors', 'Purchases', 'REBITDA1', 'amortisation', 'provisions', 'loss', 'disclosure', 'context', 'doubling', 'revenue', 'course', 'H2', 'uncertainties', 'Europe', 'activity', 'France', 'Spain', 'Switzerland', 'ML2Grow', 'period', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Belgium', 'potential', 'H1', 'line', 'prospects', 'workforce', '230 FTE', 'June', 'December', 'sales', '15% reduction', 'peak', 'flexibility', 'adaption', 'launch', 'Adspark', 'SMEs', 'deployment', 'investment', 'effect', 'management', 'objective', 'changes', 'innovation', 'ability', 'cornerstone', 'differentiation', 'advertiser', 'publisher', 'K€', 'emission', '8Advisory', 'March', 'evolution', 'Grou', '2023']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/28/2635326/0/en/Vivoryon-Therapeutics-N-V-Provides-Progress-Update-on-Varoglutamstat-Clinical-Development-for-the-Treatment-of-Alzheimer-s-Disease.html,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Provides Progress Update on Varoglutamstat Clinical Development for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Provides Progress Update on Varoglutamstat Clinical Development for the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease   VIVIAD Phase 2b...,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Provides Progress Update on Varoglutamstat Clinical Development for the Treatment of Alzheimer's DiseaseVIVIAD Phase 2b study in Europe on track for final data readout Q1/2024Data from all 259 randomized patients presented at AD/PD show no on-target toxicity and no clinical signs of ARIA  broadening evidence for potential of varoglutamstat in AD to overcome the safety challenges of other drug classesCoding enrichment strategy successfully applied for improved baseline assessment of rescuable deficits in attention and working memory in the study cohortVIVA-MIND Phase 2 study in the U.S. steadily progressing and enrolling at 18 sites; status update expected in 2H/2023DSMB provided unanimous recommendation to continue VIVIAD without modification to dosing regimen  supporting rationale for accelerated uptitration to 600 mg BID dosingHalle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  March 28  2023 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: VVY; NL00150002Q7) (Vivoryon)  a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modulate the activity and stability of pathologically altered proteins  today provided an update on both clinical studies of its lead candidate  varoglutamstat  a small molecule medicine in development for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD)  VIVA-MIND (NCT03919162) and VIVIAD (NCT04498650). Furthermore  the Company presents updated safety data from its European Phase 2b study  VIVIAD  at the 2023 International Conference on Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Diseases and related neurological disorders (AD/PD) in Gothenburg  Sweden.“We are pleased to report that both of our ongoing studies are progressing steadily  and we continue to broaden the overall data package for varoglutamstat with consistently positive incremental results ” commented Dr. Ulrich Dauer  CEO of Vivoryon. “Varoglutamstat is strongly positioned as a differentiated oral  outpatient small molecule that has the potential to significantly impact the AD treatment landscape and address ongoing unmet need. Designed to modulate all major hallmarks of AD including Abeta aggregation  neuroinflammation and tau pathology  and also enabling improvement of synaptic function  varoglutamstat captures the key features of a novel drug that has already exhibited a favorable safety profile with no signs of ARIA side effects. We are incredibly encouraged by what we have been able to report to date  and we see a unique opportunity for ultimately realizing the promise of a widely accessible treatment option in AD with the realistic potential to reach the millions of patients in need.”Vivoryon is pursuing a unique and highly differentiated approach to AD treatment  with a meticulously designed clinical development strategy. Grounded in the discovery that the enzyme glutaminyl cyclase (QPCT) catalyzes formation of the neurotoxic Abeta variant N3pE- Abeta  a key driver of AD pathology  Vivoryon is pioneering small molecule-based therapies to block this disease pathway. Varoglutamstat is designed to prevent N3pE- Abeta formation  rather than aiming to clear existing plaques  making it an intervention upstream of other approaches such as monoclonal antibodies (mAbs). Through a second mode of action  varoglutamstat also modulates neuroinflammation via the CCL2 pathway  which  in turn  has an impact on tau pathology.“We are extremely encouraged by the exceptionally low discontinuation rates in both of our studies ” added Dr. Michael Schaeffer  CBO of Vivoryon. “Vivoryon is acutely focused on lessening the burden of AD for both patients and their families. As we are addressing an elderly patient population  we know how important it is to design a drug that is convenient. These patients typically have to live with and manage many different health conditions at the same time  which heavily impacts their everyday lives. Many feel overwhelmed by the sheer number of medicines they have to take every day and it is therefore our goal to make taking varoglutamstat as easy and convenient as possible. By investigating options to further optimize the formulation of our tablets  we feel that we have the unique chance to facilitate adherence to the correct dosing in our clinical studies and beyond.”Clinical development of varoglutamstatFollowing a meticulously designed clinical development strategy  varoglutamstat was shown to be well-tolerated in both a completed first-in-human Phase 1 study in over 200 participants and the subsequent first-in-patient Phase 2a study  SAPHIR (NCT02389413)  which enrolled 120 patients suffering from early AD. Importantly  after only 12 weeks of treatment  this study showed evidence of improving not only pathological hallmarks  but also synaptic function and connectivity  cognition  memory and attention in AD patients  including statistically significant changes from baseline in working memory.Building on these encouraging results  Vivoryon based the selection of endpoints for both VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND on the outcome of SAPHIR  as well as on the regulatory draft guidelines for AD drug development introduced by FDA and EMA in 2018. With these two complementary studies  the Company intends to assess if potential cognitive improvements in patients in the European VIVIAD study will translate into an established clinical endpoint in patients in the U.S. VIVA-MIND study.VIVIAD: European Phase 2b study in patients with mild cognitive impairment and mild ADVIVIAD is a state-of-the-art Phase 2b study being conducted in Europe and designed to evaluate the safety  tolerability and efficacy of varoglutamstat in 250 subjects with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and mild AD compared to placebo over the course of 48 to 96 weeks of treatment. The highest dose investigated in the study (600 mg twice daily) was selected by an independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) as final dose after the dose-escalation portion of the study. Enrollment was completed and the study was adapted to enable longer average treatment duration of participants (anticipated average treatment duration ~82 weeks) in the third quarter of 2022. The primary endpoint is a composite of the Neuropsychological Test Battery (NTB) focusing on changes in working memory and attention with secondary endpoints including multiple cognitive  safety and biomarker assessments.Highlights from AD/PD poster titled  VIVIAD  a Phase 2b study investigating varoglutamstat in patients with MCI and mild AD: Update on interim blinded safety results (Poster P0315/#2631)As of the data cut-off date of January 5  2023  over 100 of the 259 participants randomized into the study had been treated for 48 weeks or moreVaroglutamstat showed no on-target toxicity and no clinical signs of brain swelling or hemorrhages (ARIA)  a clearly limiting class side effect of Abeta antibodiesOverall  varoglutamstat was well tolerated in the study to date  with all of the adverse events (AEs) (except for COVID-19 infections) being gastrointestinal  general  or related to the nervous system or skin. Only 14 serious AEs (SAEs) have been reportedA low number of treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) was observed  only 18% of which were considered to be potentially related to study treatmentThe occurrence of AEs normalized per 100 visits is stable at 31 and as few as 19 participants (6.5%) discontinued the study  with only six (2.3%) discontinuing due to AEsBoth the total number of SAEs and the discontinuation rate were considerably lower than the respective numbers at the 800 mg BID varoglutamstat dose in Vivoryon’s completed Phase 2a SAPHIR study (15% SAEs  33% discontinuation)  while retaining a similar level of target inhibition at the dosing in both studiesData from these participants corroborate the beneficial safety data reported previously for varoglutamstat  with no on-study deaths  no on-target toxicity and no clinical signs of ARIA observedA new coding enrichment strategy was applied to ensure that the majority of participants exhibited rescuable deficits in attention and working memory at baseline  enabling reliable assessment of potential cognitive improvement after treatmentOnly five of the 259 participants exhibited normal performance on cognitive tests of the CogState NTB at baseline  demonstrating that the strategy of recruiting individuals with evidence of baseline deficits can be an effective method of enriching a study cohortVivoryon remains on track to report the final data readout from the VIVIAD study in the first quarter of 2024.VIVA-MIND: U.S. Phase 2a/b in patients with early ADVIVA-MIND is a complementary Phase 2 study being conducted in the U.S.  coordinated by the Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study (ADCS) at the University of California San Diego (UCSD) School of Medicine and supported by the National Institute on Aging (NIA)  part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) with a $15 million grant (NIA award number R01AG061146). The study seeks to enroll 180 patients into the Phase 2a adaptive dose-finding portion with the Phase 2b portion  enrolling an additional 234 patients treated at the selected dose for at least 72 weeks  with a total of 414 patients being treated on stable doses of varoglutamstat for 18 months. The VIVA-MIND design was adapted in the third quarter of 2022 to enable all 180 patients to be treated for at least 72 weeks  allowing for the opportunity to progress seamlessly to a potential Phase 3 study. The flexible study design is aimed at increasing the probability of success by broadening option space for adjustments in clinical development based on learnings from VIVIAD and other developments in the field. The primary endpoint for this study is clinical dementia rating scale - sum of boxes (CDR-SB)  an established approvable endpoint measuring a combination of cognitive abilities and activities of daily living. Secondary efficacy endpoints include quantitative EEG theta power  ADAS-Cog 13 and others. Exploratory endpoints include mini-mental state examination (MMSE)  Montreal cognitive assessment (MoCA)  quantitative EEG alpha power  relative QPCT activity in CSF and others.Highlighted study updates:Study is ongoing and continuing to recruit patients at 18 sites across the U.S. Vivoryon expects the first cohort to be fully randomized into the study within the second quarter of this yearFocus on overcoming the challenges historically impacting AD drug development with a uniquely designed study  serving as a complementary to VIVIAD and following a specific dosing scheme implemented to investigate the feasibility of an accelerated uptitration regimenObjective to reach the 600 mg BID dose  the final dose selected in the VIVIAD study  without requiring slow uptitration to reduce the overall burden on patients and study sitesThe study’s independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) has recently provided the unanimous recommendation to continue the study without modificationStudy design allows to potentially transform VIVA-MIND into a Phase 3 study and include further patients beyond the currently planned 414; the decision on actual size will be taken after the readout of the VIVIAD studyVivoryon expects to provide the next update on the VIVA-MIND study in the second half of 2023.“As a neurologist confronted with the severe impact this devastating disease has on peoples’ lives on a daily basis  I am very pleased to see the progress being made in Vivoryon’s varoglutamstat studies and the hope that this new treatment might offer to patients ” commented Dr. Howard Feldman  Professor of Neurosciences and Director of the ADCS at UC San Diego  and the VIVA-MIND study director. “While there remains much to be done in terms of research and development for safe and effective disease-modifying therapies that are widely available to patients  I believe that varoglutamstat represents a new approach to reducing the pathological events in AD. The complementary studies  VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND  present a strong clinical path forward for varoglutamstat. It is encouraging to see the VIVA-MIND trial receive its most recent DSMB recommendation for the trial to continue forward based on their most recent safety review of March 13  2023.”###About Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative small molecule-based medicines. Driven by our passion for ground-breaking science and innovation  we strive to change the lives of patients in need suffering from severe diseases. We leverage our in-depth expertise in understanding post-translational modifications to develop medicines that modulate the activity and stability of proteins which are altered in disease settings. Beyond our lead program  varoglutamstat  which is in Phase 2 clinical development to treat Alzheimer’s disease  we have established a solid pipeline of orally available small molecule inhibitors for various indications including cancer  inflammatory diseases and fibrosis. www.vivoryon.comVivoryon Forward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  those regarding the business strategy  management plans and objectives for future operations of the Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (the “Company”)  estimates and projections with respect to the market for the Company’s products and forecasts and statements as to when the Company’s products may be available. Words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “project ” “predict ” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance; rather they are based on the Management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and trends  the economy and other future conditions. The forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors could materially adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements and from expectations. As a result  no undue reliance should be placed on such forward-looking statements. This press release does not contain risk factors. Certain risk factors that may affect the Company’s future financial results are discussed in the published annual financial statements of the Company. This press release  including any forward-looking statements  speaks only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any information or forward-looking statements contained herein  save for any information required to be disclosed by law.For more information  please contact:Investor ContactStern IRJulie SeidelTel: +1 212-698-8684Email: SternIR-Vivoryon@sternir.comMedia ContactTrophic CommunicationsValeria FisherTel: +49 175 8041816Email: vivoryon@trophic.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.76,0.15,0.1,True,English,"['Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Varoglutamstat Clinical Development', 'Progress Update', 'Treatment', 'Alzheimer', 'Disease', 'differentiated oral, outpatient small molecule', 'many different health conditions', '600 mg BID dosing Halle', 'European Phase 2b study', 'patient Phase 2a study', 'Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'VIVIAD Phase 2b study', 'small molecule medicine', 'small molecule-based therapies', 'elderly patient population', 'Coding enrichment strategy', 'related neurological disorders', 'Dr. Ulrich Dauer', 'low discontinuation rates', 'Dr. Michael Schaeffer', 'positive incremental results', 'neurotoxic Abeta variant', 'favorable safety profile', 'final data readout', 'overall data package', 'VIVA-MIND Phase 2 study', 'accessible treatment option', 'clinical development strategy', 'other drug classes', 'clinical stage company', 'ongoing unmet need', 'N3pE- Abeta formation', 'AD treatment landscape', 'Phase 1 study', 'Varoglutamstat Clinical Development', 'differentiated approach', 'study cohort', 'dosing regimen', 'correct dosing', 'safety data', 'Abeta aggregation', 'other approaches', 'encouraging results', 'safety challenges', 'clinical studies', 'ongoing studies', 'target toxicity', 'clinical signs', 'rescuable deficits', 'U.S.', 'unanimous recommendation', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'lead candidate', '2023 International Conference', 'major hallmarks', 'tau pathology', 'synaptic function', 'key features', 'novel drug', 'side effects', 'glutaminyl cyclase', 'key driver', 'existing plaques', 'monoclonal antibodies', 'second mode', 'CCL2 pathway', 'same time', 'everyday lives', 'sheer number', 'pathological hallmarks', 'significant changes', 'regulatory draft', 'Progress Update', 'status update', 'unique opportunity', 'unique chance', 'AD pathology', 'early AD', 'baseline assessment', '259 randomized patients', 'realistic potential', 'disease pathway', 'working memory', 'AD patients', 'medicines', '120 patients', 'Alzheimer', 'track', 'AD/PD', 'evidence', 'attention', '18 sites', '2H', 'DSMB', 'modification', 'rationale', 'uptitration', 'Saale', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'March', 'VVY', 'discovery', 'activity', 'stability', 'proteins', 'Parkinson', 'Diseases', 'Gothenburg', 'Sweden', 'CEO', 'neuroinflammation', 'improvement', 'promise', 'millions', 'QPCT', 'intervention', 'mAbs', 'action', 'turn', 'impact', 'CBO', 'burden', 'families', 'goal', 'options', 'formulation', 'tablets', 'adherence', 'human', '200 participants', 'subsequent', 'SAPHIR', '12 weeks', 'connectivity', 'cognition', 'selection', 'endpoints', 'outcome']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,globenewswire.com
21580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACTIA-GROUP-5110/news/ACTIA-CONSOLIDATED-2022-RESULTS-43353571/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,ACTIA : CONSOLIDATED 2022 RESULTS,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Toulouse  28 March 2023 at 7 am   ACTIA GROUP CONSOLIDATED 2022 RESULTS   REVENUE +12.1% - EBITDA continuing operations +13.7%   In the year of 2022  despite all the challenges it presented  ACTIA consolida…,PRESS RELEASEToulouse  28 March 2023 at 7 amACTIA GROUP CONSOLIDATED 2022 RESULTSREVENUE +12.1% - EBITDA continuing operations +13.7%In the year of 2022  despite all the challenges it presented  ACTIA consolidated its growth with revenue of €499.8 million  up by 12.1%. The Group's ongoing investments in its businesses and expertise  uninterrupted despite the many crises  has resulted in progress in all of ACTIA's business sectors and enabled it to absorb the end of the significant contract with Volvo Car  with a negative impact of €43.1 million. This was achieved at a time when the supply situation remained difficult  continuing to cause production delays of more than €10 million at the end of the year and increases in inventory.In 2022  ACTIA Group also disposed of two non-strategic businesses  allowing it to focus its resources on embedded electronics for mobility and power management  and to strengthen its financial position. With improved agility and able to contain the effects of inflation and the supply difficulties  ACTIA achieved EBITDA from continuing operations of €40.8 million  up by 13.7%.ACTIA Group's customer portfolio and order book over the coming years point to a robust outlook for growth allowing it to set its sights on revenue in excess of €800 million by 2025  in spite of the disposals made in 2022. For 2023  ACTIA might expect to enjoy growth of over 15%.As in the first half of 2022  the figures for 2021 have been restated  with the Power Division classified under discontinued operations in order to facilitate comparison with the 2022 figures. The explanations given in this press release are based on the restated 2021 figures.In € millionsFY 2022 (1)FY 2021 restatedVar. €mVar. %FY 2021 as publishedRevenueEBITDA continuing operations(2)499.8 40.8445.9 35.9+53.9 +4.9as a % of RevenueCurrent operating income as a % of Revenue8.2% 9.68.1% 4.5- +5.1Operating income as a % of Revenue1.9% 9.81.0% 5.7- +4.12.0%Financial resultIncome from continuing operations(7.7) 1.81.3% 3.8 10.0-+12.1% +13.7% - +114.0% - +71.5% -462.9 22.14.8%(11.2)(2.4%)(9.9)(2.1%)(11.5) (8.2)(304.7%) (82.2%)3.6 (6.1)Income from discontinued operations18.8(16.1)+34.9Net income as a % of Revenue20.6(6.1)+26.7Net income - Group share4.1% 19.9(1.4%)(6.4)- +26.3Total EBITDA (3)59.922.1+37.8as a % of Revenue12.0%4.8%-+217.0% +439 ;5% - +412 ;7% +170.4% -N/A(6.1)(1.3%)(6.4)22.14.8%Debt/Equity ratio153.7%195.3%--195.3%(1) The consolidated financial statements for the period 1 January to 31 December 2022 were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 27 March 2023.(2) EBITDA: Net income + tax + impairment of goodwill + financial interest and charges + depreciation +/- financial derivatives.(3) Total EBITDA (including continuing and discontinued operations) used as the basis to calculate the leverage ratio. …………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… .. …………… .1/1CONSOLIDATED 2022 RESULTS2022 revenue and activities by division were given in the press release of 22 February 2023.At 31 December 2022  ACTIA had achieved total consolidated revenue of €499.8 million  up by 12.1 %. The Automotive Division represented 84.2% of the Group's annual revenues or €420.7 million  a year-on-year increase of 10.0%. The Telecoms Division represented 15.7% of the Group's annual revenues or €78.6 million  up by 24.1%. Thanks to a combative stance that has helped to mitigate the effects of the components crisis  and the ramping up of deliveries against the multi-year contracts signed  then developed over the previous years  ACTIA generated additional revenues of €85 million  taking into account the end of the Volvo Car contract.Against this background  ACTIA achieved EBITDA from continuing operations of €40.8 million  up by 13.7%. As a percentage  EBITDA stood at 8.2%  representing a return for ACTIA to the levels seen pre-health crisis. This is also evidence of a better sharing of the costs in a high-inflation environment. The adaptation of the pricing policy was made possible by the commitment of the teams to the change management process led by ACTIA with its portfolio of customers. The increase in purchases consumed  at €279.3 million  was thus limited to 15.4%. However  the slowdown experienced throughout the supply chain  caused by the ongoing shortages of components  has meant that the productivity gains expected from the 2015-2019 investment plan have not been captured.In order to realise the full potential of its position as a leading technological and industrial partner  ACTIA continues to reinforce its operations and its teams. In a job market that remained difficult in 2022  and taking into account salary increases  personnel costs rose by 3.1% to €126.5 million. They are equally spread between France and abroad. In 2022  ACTIA had 3 730 employees spread across 4 production sites in France  Tunisia  the United States and Sweden  as well as its subsidiaries in 16 countries.In line with its growth prospects  ACTIA is developing the solutions expected by its customers over the next few years. The state of progress on the customer programmes meant a low level of capitalisation of R&D expenses and a decline in the research tax credit to €5.0 million  from €5.8 million in 2021. The headcount in R&D at 31 December 2022 was 1 342 compared to 1 182 at the end of 2021. The 2022 R&D commitments of €80.3 million (42.2% reinvoiced  40.7% expensed  17.1% capitalised) were stable compared to 2021. They are evidence of the high level of R&D activity resulting from the commercial successes of the past few years that ensure the Group's organic growth  despite the disposals.Having taken into account depreciation of €29.6 million  a standard level  ACTIA's operating income rose by 71.5% to €9.8 million in 2022  compared to €5.7 million in 2021. The Automotive Division contributed €7.7 million and the Telecoms Division €2.5 million; the operating income of the holding company was a negative €0.5 million related to the costs incurred for the disposals.The financial result for 2022 was a negative €7.7 million  consisting of €5.0 million in financial interest and charges  the annual rise in which of €1.2 million was due to short-term  variable-rate financing and the medium-term borrowings put in place over the past two years  and 'State Guaranteed Loans' and 'Recovery Bonds' at fixed rates that are higher than for the borrowings made during the health crisis. The balance of €2.7 million in other financial income and expense reflects the unfavourable change in the value of foreign exchange hedging instruments related to the slight strengthening of the euro at the end of 2022.Net income - Group share for 2022  taking into account the gains realised by the disposals of €35.8 million  and pending arbitration for the Power Division  amounted to €19.9 million. The Automotive Division  which bears the cost of hedging instruments of €4.1 million  contributed €2.0 million from continuing operations  and the Telecoms Division €1.9 million.DEBT & BALANCE SHEETNet debt  excluding IFRS 16 lease liabilities  amounted to €187.4 million at end December 2022 compared to €201.1 million at the end of 2021. IFRS 16 lease liabilities was stable at €21.3 million as compared to €20.7 for the previous year. The leverage ratio (net debt to EBITDA excluding hedging instruments) stood at 3.49  a level well below the average of 4.70 for the previous ten years (2012-2021). Gearing at year-end was 153.7%  much improved compared to the situation at 31 December 2021 of 195.3%  but below the level necessary to comply with some covenants. Dispensation was requested in advance and granted in December by the banking partners in question (4.3% of medium-term debt). During 2022  ACTIA also took on new borrowings of €38.7 million  of which €18million in 'Recovery Bonds' to finance growth and innovation for SMEs and mid-caps engaged in the ecological transition.The Group's financing policy consists of three strands that each serve specific needs. Long-term financing is dedicated to the production facilities and real estate. Medium-term financing is used for structural R&D projects with an average lifetime of four to five years  which can exceptionally reach seven years  and the renewal of materials and equipment necessary to maintain the quality and capacity of production systems. Together  they represented €157.6 million and decreased by €23.4 million. Short-term financing  at €99.5 million  compared to €97.4 million in 2021  cover WCR. The latter increased by €33.2 million due to the needs of the business with a substantial increase in inventory of €38.0 million to €210.7 million  reflecting the effects of the components shortage (higher stocks of components and semi-finished goods in the absence of other components being available). Trade receivables  at €159.8 million  were also up by 10.4% at the end of the period.2023 OUTLOOKTaking into account the ongoing pressure on WCR due to the difficulties of procuring components  the disposals made in 2022 and the good level of business  it should be possible to continue the trend towards an improvement in the Group's operating profitability. For 2023  excluding any significant improvement in the supply situation  and leaving to one side social movements that could block the country  ACTIA could see growth of over 15%. Based on its robust order book and its portfolio of multi-year contracts that continues to strengthen  by 2025 ACTIA Group envisages revenue in excess of €800 million. This growth will be associated with a new segmentation of the Group's activities into 4 Divisions (Mobility  Energy  Aerospace  Engineering) in order to provide greater clarity and visibility and  at the same time  a stronger growth trend.In 2023  ACTIA Group will be offering its shareholders a dividend distribution of 12 euro cents per share  in line with the Group's consolidated results and in accordance with its policy for shareholders' equity which rose by €21.2 million to stand at €134.2 million  equivalent to net assets per share of €6.67.………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………ABOUT ACTIAACTIA Group is a mid-market company (ETI) founded in 1986. It is family-owned and international and its head office is located in France. The family aspect guarantees the long-term future of the Group and its independence with an ever-present entrepreneurial spirit. ACTIA's business is to design and produce electronics to control systems in the particularly demanding fields of the automotive  rail  aeronautics  space  defence  power and telecommunications industries.The commitments made by ACTIA are reflected in the Group's ambitious contributions to addressing societal issues: mobility  connectivity  safety and the environment. Control over the design and production of products bearing the ACTIA signature is a true guarantee of quality. Without exception  all Group employees share this belief in quality in a fully certified environment.KEY FIGURES▪ 2023 revenue: €499.8 million.▪ Over 3 700 employees around the world  including more than 1 200 engineers and technicians working in R&D.▪ Present in 16 countries.▪ 14 to 18% of revenue reinvested every year in R&D.STOCK MARKETS▪ Euronext Growth Paris▪ ISIN FR0000076655 - Mnemonic: ALATI Reuters: MRSP.PA - Bloomberg: AIELF: FP▪ Indices: CAC ALL SHARES - CAC ALL-TRADABLE - CAC INDUSTRIALS - CAC MID&SMALL - CAC SMALL - EN TECH CROISSANCE - GAÏA INDEXCONTACTSACTIA - Catherine Mallet - Tel: +33 (0)561 176198 - contact.investisseurs@actia.frCALYPTUS - Marie Calleux - Tel: +33 (0)153 656868 - actia@calyptus.netDATES FOR THE DIARYPresentation of the annual results: Wednesday 29 March 2023 at 10 am by video-conference (register at: actia@calyptus.net)Publication of 2022 Annual Report: 28 April 2023Q1 2023 Revenue: Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 7 am,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.08,0.69,True,English,"['ACTIA', '2022 RESULTS', '2015-2019 investment plan', 'change management process', 'consolidated financial statements', 'two non-strategic businesses', 'The Automotive Division', 'The Telecoms Division', 'Volvo Car contract', 'Current operating income', 'total consolidated revenue', 'EBITDA continuing operations', 'significant contract', 'power management', 'The Group', 'Power Division', 'Financial result', 'financial interest', 'financial derivatives', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'ongoing investments', 'many crises', 'business sectors', 'negative impact', 'supply situation', 'production delays', 'supply difficulties', 'coming years', 'robust outlook', 'first half', 'Debt/Equity ratio', 'leverage ratio', 'annual revenues', 'combative stance', 'multi-year contracts', 'previous years', 'additional revenues', 'health crisis', 'high-inflation environment', 'pricing policy', 'supply chain', 'ongoing shortages', 'productivity gains', 'full potential', 'leading technological', 'industrial partner', 'job market', '4 production sites', 'United States', 'Total EBITDA', 'Net income', 'Group share', 'financial position', 'customer portfolio', 'components crisis', 'salary increases', 'personnel costs', 'order book', 'ACTIA GROUP', 'year increase', '2022 revenue', 'Toulouse', '28 March', 'RESULTS', 'challenges', 'growth', 'expertise', 'progress', 'end', 'time', 'inventory', 'resources', 'electronics', 'mobility', 'agility', 'effects', 'sights', 'excess', 'disposals', 'figures', 'comparison', 'explanations', 'millions', 'FY', 'N/A', 'period', '1 January', '31 December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '27 March', 'tax', 'impairment', 'goodwill', 'charges', 'depreciation', 'basis', 'activities', '22 February', 'ramping', 'deliveries', 'account', 'background', 'percentage', 'return', 'levels', 'evidence', 'sharing', 'adaptation', 'commitment', 'teams', 'customers', 'purchases', 'slowdown', 'France', '3,730 employees', 'Tunisia', 'Sweden', 'subsidia', '€', '2.1', '8.']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21581,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVIBES-ADVERTISING-N-V-44658586/news/Invibes-Advertising-NV-2022-Annual-Results-43359473/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230328,Invibes Advertising NV: 2022 Annual Results.,(marketscreener.com) Invibes Advertising NV / Key word: Annual ResultsInvibes Advertising NV: 2022 Annual Results. 28.03.2023 / 17:44 CET/CEST2022 Annual Results A year of adaptation to accommodate rapidly evolving market conditions …,Invibes Advertising NV / Key word(s): Annual ResultsInvibes Advertising NV: 2022 Annual Results.28.03.2023 / 17:44 CET/CEST2022 Annual ResultsA year of adaptation to accommodate rapidly evolving market conditionsA refocused strategy to drive growth and target positive EBITDA in 2023London  28 March 2023 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising  publishes its annual results for 2022  a year marked by a swift adaptation to market conditions that radically changed within a few months.The annual financial report is available on the Company's website:https://www.invibes.com/uk/en/investors.htmlConsolidated dataaudited  in €k 2022 2021 Δ Turnover 27 966 23 201 +20.5% Purchases and external expenses (17 873) (13 664) +30.8% Personnel expenses (11 227) (8 159) +37.6% REBITDA1 (1 134) 1 378 (€2 512) Non-recurring expenses (3 374) (11) - EBITDA (4 508) 1 367 (€5 875) Depreciation  amortisation  and provisions (1 419) (958) +48.1% Recurring operating income (loss) (5 927) 409 (€6 336) Exceptional depreciation (1 766) - n/a Operating income (loss) (7 693) 409 (€8 102) Financial result (469) (353) +32.9% Tax 190 314 -39.5% Net result (loss) (7 972) 370 (€8 342) (1) REBITDA: Recurring EBITDA - Operating income before depreciation and provisions and non-recurring expenses as explained in disclosure 1.3 – Major operations  of the 2022 financial statements.+20.5% turnover growth in 2022 in a context of slowing market conditionsFollowing a doubling in revenue in 2021  Invibes Advertising generated an overall growth of +20.5% over the course of 2022. In context the Company achieved this despite the rapidly deteriorating market conditions  caused by a significant slowdown in the digital advertising market over H2 2022 linked to the uncertainties and tougher economic environment in Europe.The activity in some of Invibes Advertising’s more established markets (France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2Grow) has been impacted where turnover grew by 12%. France in particular has proved challenging over the period.Scale-up countries (Germany  United Kingdom  Italy and Belgium) performed much better with a robust growth of 40%  confirming their potential.Strong cost-adjustment measures to adapt to the evolving market conditionsH1 of 2022 structural costs increased to support an ambitious commercial ramp-up in line with the Company’s prospects of strong growth. The workforce expanded rapidly  reaching 230 FTE in June 2022 up from 124 in December 2021.A major slowdown in the advertising market over the summer months persuaded Invibes Advertising to take swift measures and to adapt its cost structure to the degraded economic climate  significantly reducing its sales and support staff in the 4th quarter of 2022. By December 2022  the Company’s FTE was down to 195  a 15% reduction from its peak six months earlier. The flexibility of the Company allowed for adaption in the evolving situation whilst maintaining necessary commercial forces to pursue its growth in all strategic countries.Additionally  Invibes Advertising has temporarily suspended the launch of Adspark  its self-service platform dedicated to SMEs  as its deployment would have generated too much short-term expenditure without an immediate return on investment.These measures have generated substantial additional but non-recurring expense in 2022. From 2023  the Company will benefit favourably from the effect of this adaption on its cost structure - profitable growth remains management’s objective!The implemented changes have been carefully chosen and to enable Invibes Advertising to retain its strong capacity for innovation  which is essential its ability to differentiate itself within the digital advertising ecosystem and to gain market share. Indeed  the Company’s fully integrated proprietary technology platform is the cornerstone for its future development and growth as well as a major point of differentiation  as it allows Invibes Advertising to control the entire value chain  from the advertiser through to the publisher.2022 EBITDA impacted by the successive ramp-up and ramp-down phasesThe Company’s EBITDA in 2022 was -€4.5 million compared to €1.4 million in 2021.EBITDA of 2022 includes K€ 762 restructuring costs  K€ 278 recruitment fee’s and K€ 498 business departments who were terminated in 2022. These costs will not reoccur in 2023. The corresponding REBITDA (Operating income before depreciation and provisions and non-recurring expenses) amounts to K€(1 134) compared to K€1 378 in 2021.The EBITDA of 2022 also includes a non-recurring cost of a share-based non-cash compensation through emission of stock option plans essentially to senior staff  valued to K€ 1 837 according to a valuation report of 8Advisory dated March 27  2023.Within purchases and external expenses  in a general inflationary environment  certain operating costs such as office expenses have increased faster than revenues. However  the main impact on 2022 EBITDA is related to the evolution of the Company’s personnel expenses throughout the year during toughening market conditions.Cost adjustment measures affected EBITDA margins at both Group and Country levels. That said  EBITDA remained strong in existing countries (France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2GROW) with EBITDA contribution amounted to 25.8%. Again  showing the resilience of the model when a market is matured and established and where all key fundamentals are activated  despite more challenging conditions.The breakdown of EBITDA by country maturity is as follows:Consolidated dataaudited  in €k 2022 2021 Δ Existing countries * Turnover 19 892 17 802 +12% EBITDA contribution 5 131 5 080 EBITDA 25.8% 28.5% Scale-up countries ** Turnover 7 538 5 379 +40% EBITDA contribution (640) 579 EBITDA n/a 10.8% New countries (start-up) *** Turnover 536 19 x 28 EBITDA contribution (1 529) (479) EBITDA n/a n/a Group overheads excl. CAPEX (7 470) (3 813) Consolidated EBITDA (4 508) 1 367* France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2GROW** Germany  UK  Italy and Belgium*** Sweden  Norway  Denmark  South Africa  Netherlands  UAE  Poland and Czech RepublicOperating income includes exceptional depreciation of €1.8 million  related to one-off amortizations of part of the technological platform. Part of the past developments were depreciated because of lack of future economic value.A solid balance sheet structureWith €20.4 million in cash (which includes €6.2 million deconsolidated factor financing) and a €13.6 million net cash position as of 31 December 2022  the Group has the capacity to finance its future development and maintain a high level of R&D investments as innovation remains essential to Invibes Advertising’s approach.Management is carefully managing cash flow. The measures deployed over H2 2022 to lower the Company’s cost base substantially and reduce its cash burn going forward from 2023 onwards.2023 outlook: drive growth and target positive EBITDAIn 2022  Invibes Advertising saw a strong increase in multi market campaigns for internationally recognised brands including: Club Med  Michael Kors  UGG  Max Mara  Saudi Aramco  Fender  Wimbledon  Bacardi  Facebook Gaming  Energizer  Benetton  Dell  Slack  Nestle  Lenovo  LEGO  Versace  Workplace  Siemens  Audi  LiuJo.The increase has been primarily driven by the geographical presence of Invibes in Europe and also related to its capacity and relentless strategy to innovate. Invibes Advertising has continued to deploy its Invibes ID Network to offer an alternative to third-party cookies (which will progressively be discontinued)  through Hashed emails  providing the same benefit and targeting advantages of the logged environments of the large platforms.Harnessing hashed emails with the Invibes ID Network enables more accurate targeting but more importantly enables Invibes to generate the necessary insights that prove the business case and impact of its campaigns.Invibes Advertising announced the details of its new roadmap built around three key levers  this will enhance the product further enabling it to rise above alternative offerings in markets  by providing customers with a unique  high-performing  and tailor-made value proposition: Capitalise on the fundamentals that have built Invibes Advertising’s success since its creation: Innovation as a source of performance and efficiency in advertising campaigns and user engagement.An international network spanning 15 countries - allowing a cross-market approach  and the implementation of pan-European systems sought after by major international brands.A network of publishers offering unparalleled reach for campaigns.Experienced and customer-oriented teams. Continue to develop our Industry Solutions - adapted to the specific needs of certain industries. Today such industry solutions exist for the automotive  aviation and tourism  sustainability.- adapted to the specific needs of certain industries. Today such industry solutions exist for the automotive  aviation and tourism  sustainability. Deploy value-added technology services for strategic customers  with the key objective of signing long term contractual commitments and increasing the services the Company delivers to those customers. In an economic climate that remains challenging  the Group will be unable to reach its previously announced 2024 target turnover. However  a refocused strategy combined with cost adjustments implemented over the past few months has laid the right foundations and put Invibes Advertising in an advantaged position to pursue growth and target a return to positive EBITDA in 2023.About Invibes Advertising Invibes Advertising (Invibes) is an international technology company specialising in digital advertising innovation. Founded by co-CEOs Kris Vlaemynck and Nicolas Pollet on the philosophy that digital advertising efficiency comes from being truly innovative and naturally engaging to users  Invibes has developed an integrated technology platform for brands to reach consumers through high-quality in-feed advertising experiences.Invibes delivers high user engagement and attention for brands by harnessing the power of big data  innovative in-feed formats  broad reach  and extensive intelligence services.To partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people. At Invibes we strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes? Visit:Invibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)Read our latest press releases at:Follow the latest news about Invibes Advertising on: LinkedIn @Invibes Advertising Twitter @Invibes_advFinancial & Corporate Contacts:Kris Vlaemynck  co-CEOkris.vlaemynck@invibes.com(1) REBITDA: Recurring EBITDA - Operating income before depreciation and provisions and non-recurring expenses as explained in disclosure 1.3 – Major operations  of the 2022 financial statements.Following a doubling in revenue in 2021  Invibes Advertising generated an overall growth of +20.5% over the course of 2022. In context the Company achieved this despite the rapidly deteriorating market conditions  caused by a significant slowdown in the digital advertising market over H2 2022linked to the uncertainties and tougher economic environment in Europe.The activity in some of Invibes Advertising’s more established markets (France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2Grow) has been impacted where turnover grew by 12%. France in particular has proved challenging over the period.Scale-up countries (Germany  United Kingdom  Italy and Belgium) performed much better with a robust growth of 40%  confirming their potential.H1 of 2022 structural costs increased to support an ambitious commercial ramp-up in line with the Company’s prospects of strong growth. The workforce expanded rapidly  reaching 230 FTE in June 2022 up from 124 in December 2021.A major slowdown in the advertising market over the summer months persuaded Invibes Advertising to take swift measures and to adapt its cost structure to the degraded economic climate  significantly reducing its sales and support staff in the 4th quarter of 2022. By December 2022  the Company’s FTE was down to 195  a 15% reduction from its peak six months earlier. The flexibility of the Company allowed for adaption in the evolving situation whilst maintaining necessary commercial forces to pursue its growth in all strategic countries.Additionally  Invibes Advertising has temporarily suspended the launch of Adspark  its self-service platform dedicated to SMEs  as its deployment would have generated too much short-term expenditure without an immediate return on investment.These measures have generated substantial additional but non-recurring expense in 2022. From 2023  the Company will benefit favourably from the effect of this adaption on its cost structure - profitable growth remains management’s objective!The implemented changes have been carefully chosen and to enable Invibes Advertising to retain its strong capacity for innovation  which is essential its ability to differentiate itself within the digital advertising ecosystem and to gain market share. Indeed  the Company’s fully integrated proprietary technology platform is the cornerstone for its future development and growth as well as a major point of differentiation  as it allows Invibes Advertising to control the entire value chain  from the advertiser through to the publisher.The Company’s EBITDA in 2022 was -€4.5 million compared to €1.4 million in 2021.EBITDA of 2022 includes K€ 762 restructuring costs  K€ 278 recruitment fee’s and K€ 498 business departments who were terminated in 2022. These costs will not reoccur in 2023. The corresponding REBITDA (Operating income before depreciation and provisions and non-recurring expenses) amounts to K€(1 134) compared to K€1 378 in 2021.The EBITDA of 2022 also includes a non-recurring cost of a share-based non-cash compensation through emission of stock option plans essentially to senior staff  valued to K€ 1 837 according to a valuation report of 8Advisory dated March 27  2023.Within purchases and external expenses  in a general inflationary environment  certain operating costs such as office expenses have increased faster than revenues. However  the main impact on 2022 EBITDA is related to the evolution of the Company’s personnel expenses throughout the year during toughening market conditions.Cost adjustment measures affected EBITDA margins at both Group and Country levels. That said  EBITDA remained strong in existing countries (France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2GROW) with EBITDA contribution amounted to 25.8%. Again  showing the resilience of the model when a market is matured and established and where all key fundamentals are activated  despite more challenging conditions.The breakdown of EBITDA by country maturity is as follows:* France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2GROW** Germany  UK  Italy and Belgium*** Sweden  Norway  Denmark  South Africa  Netherlands  UAE  Poland and Czech RepublicOperating income includes exceptional depreciation of €1.8 million  related to one-off amortizations of part of the technological platform. Part of the past developments were depreciated because of lack of future economic value.With €20.4 million in cash (which includes €6.2 million deconsolidated factor financing) and a €13.6 million net cash position as of 31 December 2022  the Group has the capacity to finance its future development and maintain a high level of R&D investments as innovation remains essential to Invibes Advertising’s approach.Management is carefully managing cash flow. The measures deployed over H2 2022 to lower the Company’s cost base substantially and reduce its cash burn going forward from 2023 onwards.In 2022  Invibes Advertising saw a strong increase in multi market campaigns for internationally recognised brands including: Club Med  Michael Kors  UGG  Max Mara  Saudi Aramco  Fender  Wimbledon  Bacardi  Facebook Gaming  Energizer  Benetton  Dell  Slack  Nestle  Lenovo  LEGO  Versace  Workplace  Siemens  Audi  LiuJo.The increase has been primarily driven by the geographical presence of Invibes in Europe and also related to its capacity and relentless strategy to innovate. Invibes Advertising has continued to deploy its Invibes ID Network to offer an alternative to third-party cookies (which will progressively be discontinued)  through Hashed emails  providing the same benefit and targeting advantages of the logged environments of the large platforms.Harnessing hashed emails with the Invibes ID Network enables more accurate targeting but more importantly enables Invibes to generate the necessary insights that prove the business case and impact of its campaigns.Invibes Advertising announced the details of its new roadmap built around three key levers  this will enhance the product further enabling it to rise above alternative offerings in markets  by providing customers with a unique  high-performing  and tailor-made value proposition:In an economic climate that remains challenging  the Group will be unable to reach its previously announced 2024 target turnover. However  a refocused strategy combined with cost adjustments implemented over the past few months has laid the right foundations and put Invibes Advertising in an advantaged position to pursue growth and target a return to positive EBITDA in 2023.About Invibes Advertising Invibes Advertising (Invibes) is an international technology company specialising in digital advertising innovation. Founded by co-CEOs Kris Vlaemynck and Nicolas Pollet on the philosophy that digital advertising efficiency comes from being truly innovative and naturally engaging to users  Invibes has developed an integrated technology platform for brands to reach consumers through high-quality in-feed advertising experiences.Invibes delivers high user engagement and attention for brands by harnessing the power of big data  innovative in-feed formats  broad reach  and extensive intelligence services.To partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people. At Invibes we strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes? Visit: www.invibes.com Invibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)Read our latest press releases at: https://www.invibes.com/investors.html Follow the latest news about Invibes Advertising on: Additional features:File: Invibes Advertising : 2022 Annual ResultsEnd of Media Release,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.12,0.38,True,English,"['Invibes Advertising NV', '2022 Annual Results', 'necessary commercial forces', 'entire value chain', 'share-based non-cash compensation', 'stock option plans', 'general inflationary environment', 'tougher economic environment', 'ambitious commercial ramp-up', 'proprietary technology platform', 'deteriorating market conditions', 'digital advertising ecosystem', 'evolving market conditions', 'digital advertising market', 'Invibes Advertising NV', 'Strong cost-adjustment measures', 'advanced technology company', 'Recurring operating income', 'K€ 762 restructuring costs', 'annual financial report', 'evolving situation', 'economic climate', 'self-service platform', 'market share', 'successive ramp-up', 'Financial result', '2022 financial statements', 'strong capacity', 'recurring expenses', 'recurring cost', 'Annual Results', 'operating costs', 'Key word', 'refocused strategy', 'Consolidated data', 'external expenses', 'Personnel expenses', 'Net result', 'Major operations', 'significant slowdown', 'established markets', 'Scale-up countries', 'United Kingdom', '2022 structural costs', 'major slowdown', 'swift measures', 'cost structure', 'support staff', '4th quarter', 'strategic countries', 'short-term expenditure', 'immediate return', 'substantial additional', 'non-recurring expense', 'future development', 'major point', 'down phases', 'recruitment fee', 'business departments', 'senior staff', 'office expenses', 'main impact', 'strong growth', 'overall growth', 'robust growth', 'profitable growth', 'swift adaptation', 'Recurring EBITDA', 'summer months', 'corresponding REBITDA', 'The Company', 'positive EBITDA', 'Exceptional depreciation', '+20.5% turnover growth', 'Δ Turnover', '2022 EBITDA', 'CEST', 'year', 'rapidly', 'London', 'website', 'investors', 'Purchases', 'REBITDA1', 'amortisation', 'provisions', 'disclosure', 'context', 'doubling', 'revenue', 'course', 'H2', 'uncertainties', 'Europe', 'activity', 'France', 'Spain', 'Switzerland', 'ML2Grow', 'period', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Belgium', 'potential', 'H1', 'line', 'prospects', 'workforce', '230 FTE', 'June', 'December', 'sales', '15% reduction', 'peak', 'flexibility', 'adaption', 'launch', 'Adspark', 'SMEs', 'deployment', 'investment', 'effect', 'management', 'objective', 'changes', 'innovation', 'ability', 'cornerstone', 'differentiation', 'advertiser', 'publisher', 'emission', '8Advisory', 'March', 'evolution']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,marketscreener.com
21582,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2023/03/28/markets-edge-lower-as-investors-remain-uncertain-following-bank-failures/,Markets edge lower as investors remain uncertain following bank failures,Growth stocks such as Microsoft  Alphabet  Apple  and Tesla remained under pressure  falling in New York,Traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Wall Street struggled for direction as investors weighed receding concerns about a banking crisisGlobal stocks edged lower as uncertainty over the path of the Federal Reserve’s interest rate hikes continued to plague markets in the wake of three US bank collapses.DublinEuronext Dublin outperformed its international peers as it finished the day up 0.4 per cent.The financial firms recovered from what one trader described as “a pretty volatile run”  with Bank of Ireland up 2.5 per cent and AIB up 1.3 per cent.Building materials giant CRH – one of the biggest hitters on the index – finished the day up 0.7 per cent. Insulation specialist Kingspan was unchanged  while Woodies DIY parent Grafton Group traded up slightly.READ MOREThere was bad news for builders  however  as Cairn Homes slid 1.5 per cent  while Glenveagh Properties was down 1 per cent.Among the food names Kerry Group outperformed peers as it finished the day up 1 per cent  while sandwich-maker Greencore and nutrition group Glanbia both sank into the red. Elsewhere  packaging company Smurfit Kappa finished the day up 0.5 per cent.Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment ended the day down 0.6 per cent on the back of sectoral news regarding its peer William Hill in the UK. William Hill was ordered to pay a record £19.2 million (€21.8m) fine for failing to protect consumers and weak anti-money laundering controls in wrongdoing deemed so serious the regulator weighed removing its licence.LondonThe FTSE 100 gained 0.17 per cent as a strong performance by oil and commodity firms helped London edge its European counterparts. Recent volatility driven by banking stocks and fears of a widening crisis across the sector appeared to have markedly calmed during a broadly cautious trading session.The FTSE was treading water for most of the day as a result but was partly tipped higher by a rise for oil giant BP after it announced  along with Abu Dhabi’s ADNOC  to finance a joint venture to take a 50 per cent stake in Israel’s NewMed Energy.Online grocer Ocado closed down 8.1p at 444p after it saw average shopper basket sizes fall 7.5 per cent over the first quarter of its financial year. Nevertheless  the firm saw total sales increase as it was offset by an 8.3 per cent surge in average selling prices due to surging food inflation  which has continued to accelerate  according to new BRC figures also released on Tuesday.Scottish drinks firm AG Barr received a flat reception from investors despite posting a 5.2 per cent increase in pre-tax profits for the past year. Shares fell 33p to 509p.EuropeAcross the Channel concerns about European banking woes appeared to calm but continued recession fears weighed on any opportunity for major improvements.The pan-European Stoxx 600 index lost 0.03 per cent and MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe gained 0.20 per cent. The German Dax rose by 0.09 per cent  and the French Cac 40 increased by 0.14 per cent at the close.Michael Hewson  chief market analyst at CMC Markets UK  said: “European markets have struggled for direction today  with upward pressure on short-term yields serving to act as a modest drag on the markets’ ability to build solidly on the gains seen yesterday.”New YorkWall Street struggled for direction as investors weighed receding concerns about a banking crisis  while Treasury yields rose amid focus on Federal Reserve’s interest rate trajectory.Growth stocks such as Microsoft  Alphabet  Apple and Tesla remained under pressure  falling between 0.8 per cent and 1.5 per cent as yields rose.Shares of First Citizens BancShares climbed 3.7 per cent following a more than 50 per cent surge on Monday after it said it would acquire the deposits and loans of Silicon Valley Bank  whose collapse earlier this month sparked a selloff in the sector.The KBW regional banking index added 0.3 per cent  while among the big US banks JP Morgan Chase & Co was up 0.4 per cent  while Bank of America was down 0.5 per cent. (Additional reporting: Agencies),negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['bank failures', 'Markets', 'investors', 'Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment', 'Woodies DIY parent Grafton Group', 'The KBW regional banking index', 'weak anti-money laundering controls', 'Building materials giant CRH', 'average shopper basket sizes', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'three US bank collapses', 'average selling prices', 'big US banks', 'interest rate hikes', 'Insulation specialist Kingspan', 'cautious trading session', 'Online grocer Ocado', 'total sales increase', 'new BRC figures', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'chief market analyst', 'interest rate trajectory', 'JP Morgan Chase', 'oil giant BP', 'First Citizens BancShares', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'European banking woes', 'Scottish drinks firm', '50 per cent stake', '8.3 per cent surge', '5.2 per cent increase', '50 per cent surge', 'CMC Markets UK', 'Kerry Group', 'nutrition group', 'The FTSE 100', 'banking crisis', 'banking stocks', 'first quarter', '1 per cent', '0.09 per cent', '0.14 per cent', '0.8 per cent', '1.5 per cent', 'European counterparts', 'European markets', 'Wall Street', 'receding concerns', 'Federal Reserve', 'financial firms', 'one trader', 'volatile run', 'biggest hitters', 'bad news', 'Cairn Homes', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'food names', 'packaging company', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'sectoral news', 'William Hill', 'strong performance', 'commodity firms', 'Recent volatility', 'widening crisis', 'Abu Dhabi', 'joint venture', 'NewMed Energy', 'financial year', 'food inflation', 'AG Barr', 'flat reception', 'pre-tax profits', 'past year', 'Channel concerns', 'major improvements', 'German Dax', 'French Cac', 'Michael Hewson', 'modest drag', 'markets’ ability', 'Additional reporting', 'Global stocks', 'Growth stocks', 'short-term yields', 'Treasury yields', 'Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'recession fears', 'upward pressure', '1.3 per', '0.03 per', '0.20 per', 'Traders', 'floor', 'direction', 'investors', 'uncertainty', 'path', 'wake', 'day', 'Ireland', 'AIB', 'READ', 'builders', 'sandwich-maker', 'Greencore', 'Glanbia', 'red', 'back', 'record £', 'fine', 'consumers', 'wrongdoing', 'regulator', 'licence', 'London', 'water', 'result', 'rise', 'ADNOC', 'Israel', 'surging', 'continued', 'opportunity', 'MSCI', 'gauge', 'globe', 'close', 'gains', 'focus', 'Microsoft', 'Alphabet', 'Apple', 'Tesla', 'deposits', 'loans', 'selloff', 'America', 'Agencies', '0.5', '0.17']",2023-03-28,2023-03-29,irishtimes.com
21583,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58691227-enogia-2022-annual-results-015.htm,ENOGIA: 2022 annual results,"Arthur Leroux  Chairman and CEO  said: ""For the first full year since its IPO on Euronext Growth in July 2021  ENOGIA has delivered on its objective of significant revenue growth  despite headwinds from China where the health situation resulted in the ...","DJ ENOGIA: 2022 annual resultsENOGIA ENOGIA: 2022 annual results 29-March-2023 / 18:50 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2022 annual results - 12% revenue growth over the year(+39% in the second half) - Confirmation of the target of positive EBITDA in 2023 - Significant increase in revenue expectedover the coming three yearsMarseille  29 March 2023 - 6 p.m.ENOGIA (ISIN code: FR0014004974 - ticker: ALENO  an expert in micro-turbomachinery for the energy transition  is reporting its 2022 annual results  approved by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.Arthur Leroux  Chairman and CEO  said: ""For the first full year since its IPO on Euronext Growth in July 2021  ENOGIA has delivered on its objective of significant revenue growth  despite headwinds from China where the health situation resulted in the shutdown of the ORC contract signed in 2021. In line with the roadmap  the year was marked by major investments in R&D and a strengthening of teams - particularly the sales team - plus a host of developments and new partnerships. These advances pave the way for a clear acceleration of the growth trajectory  which actually began in the second half of 2022 (+39%)  and an improvement in profitability  with the aim of delivering positive EBITDA in 2023. ENOGIA is operating in a buoyant environment characterised by unprecedented energy efficiency requirements in industry  whose interest in ENOGIA's solutions is reflected in a robust order book totalling more than EUR5 million at the end of 2022.""Key advances paving the way for faster business growthIn line with the priorities announced at the time of its IPO on Euronext Growth  ENOGIA increased its investments in R&D and stepped up the pace of new business last year. These two strategic focuses are reflected in an increase in the Company's headcount to 62 employees at the end of 2022 (compared with 45 at the time of the IPO).In terms of innovation  the Company has successfully consolidated its lead in ORC technology while strengthening its operations in hydrogen fuel cell compressors. In this segment  a new research partnership was signed last October  with the designation of ENOGIA as leader of the SMAC-FC project funded by the France 2030 plan and dedicated to the development of a new generation of more efficient hydrogen compressors.On the sales front  the Company secured its biggest order to date in August 2022  with a EUR6.5 million contract to supply 40 ORC modules to the world's largest anaerobic digestion plant. This contract made ENOGIA the leader in the German biogas market in ORC. At the same time  ENOGIA continued to develop commercial partnerships by concluding in November 2022 an agreement with Parlym  a major player in industrial engineering with extensive footprints in France and Africa  for the distribution  promotion and marketing of its ORC modules.Lastly  in 2022  ENOGIA put the finishing touches to its marketing model based on the economy of use. Known as Green Shield Power Solution  the new offer provides industrial companies with ORC modules to secure and reduce their energy bills via long-term agreements (PPA). This low-carbon electricity is produced from their own waste heat. This model  which is synonymous with recurring revenue and greater value creation in the medium term  is being rolled out with the support of two financial partners  the Eiffel Gaz Vert fund and ADEME Investissement.2022 resultsIn EUR thousands 2021 2022 Change Revenue 2 940 3 296 +356 Operating revenues 4 573 5 760 +1 187 EBITDA[1] (2 155) (4 024) -1 868 Operating profit/(loss) (2 897) (5 093) -2 260 Net financial income/(expense) (307) (128) +243 Net exceptional income/(expenses) 271 287 +16 Tax credits 263 596 +333 Net profit/(loss) (2 670) (4 339) -1 6692022 revenue totalled EUR3.3 million  up 12% compared with 2021. This performance was achieved despite the shutdown of the ORC contract in China for health reasons (revenue of EUR1.5 million in 2021). Growth was driven by the ORC business  which benefited from the start of the biogas contract in Germany  while revenues from the Hydrogen Fuel Cell Compressors business were up by 71%.The proportion of business derived from exports represented 92% of revenue last year  compared with 76% in 2021  driven mainly by the development of sales in Europe (excluding France) and Asia.Operating revenues was up 26% year on year  driven by business growth and the planned increase in R&D developments  with capitalised production amounting to EUR1.8 million in 2022 (EUR1.3 million in 2021).The post-IPO recruitment campaign  which has now been finalised  resulted in a 56% increase in personnel expenses to EUR3.9 million in 2022. Other purchases and external expenses were up 44%  reflecting the start of the German ORC contract. EBITDA for the year was EUR(4.0) million. The operating loss was EUR5.1 million. After taking into account the research tax credit of EUR0.6 million  the net loss was EUR4.3 million.As of end-2022  financial debt amounted to EUR2.5 million. To date  88% of ENOGIA's bank loans are at fixed rates.Outlook: positive EBITDA in 2023  revenue growth above 50% per year between 2023 and 2025ENOGIA aims to step up the pace of its business plan in 2023 and to reap the benefits  in terms of both growth and profitability  of investment efforts over the past two years.In an environment offering abundant opportunities (high energy prices  climate challenges)  the sales activity should benefit from the heightened skills of the teams recruited since the IPO  recent partnerships and the development of the Green Shield Power Solution ORC module offer. This dynamic would then continue to fuel a high-quality and highly diversified sales pipeline[2] amounting to more than EUR140 million as of 31 December 2022  and to ensure the replenishment of the order book [3] which currently totals more than EUR5 million.At the same time  the Company plans to develop its business model in hydrogen compressors. Capitalising on more than 10 years' expertise in micro-turbomachinery design  ENOGIA has developed a range of products based on customised compressors offering unrivalled performance and compactness. While this value proposition is attracting keen interest from fuel cell manufacturers  the longer-than-expected rollout upstream of the chain (infrastructure) and the need for a certified and referenced production system by the road transport industry are now prompting ENOGIA to consider an industrial partnership to ensure the full development potential of its technology.In this context  the Company specifies its new objectives for the next three years. In line with the momentum shown in the second half of 2022  ENOGIA remains entirely confident in its ability to significantly accelerate its growth trajectory. For 2023  ENOGIA expects revenue to increase by more than 50% and full-year EBITDA to be positive thanks to the economies of scale generated by business. This momentum is expected to continue In the longer term  with average revenue growth also expected to exceed 50% per annum in 2024 and 2025.Next release:Half-year revenue on 27 July 2023 after tradingAbout ENOGIA ENOGIA responds to the major challenges of the ecological and energy transition with its unique and patented technology of compact  light and durable micro-turbomachinery. As the French leader in heat-to-electricity conversion with its wide range of ORC modules  ENOGIA enables its customers to produce decarbonised electricity and to recover waste or renewable heat. Since 2020  ENOGIA has also been marketing air compressors for Hydrogen Fuel Cells  thereby contributing to the development of hydrogen mobility  a booming market. With sales in more than 25 countries  ENOGIA continues to prospect for new customers in France and internationally. Founded in 2009 and based in Marseille  ENOGIA has nearly 60 employees involved in the design  production and marketing of environmentally friendly technological solutions. ENOGIA's CSR commitment represents an ""Advanced"" level of performance according to EthiFinance. ENOGIA is listed on Euronext Growth Paris. Ticker: ALENO. ISIN code: FR0014004974. LEI: 969500IANLNITRI3R653. Contacts Enogia Actifin Antonin Pauchet Deputy CEO Marianne Py Actifin antonin.pauchet@enogia.com04 84 25 60 17 Investor relations Loris Daougabel Press relations mpy@actifin.fr ldaougabel@actifin.fr 01 80 48 25 31 01 56 88 11 16Find all of ENOGIA's news on https://enogia.com/investisseurs-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[1] EBITDA is operating profit before depreciation  amortisation and provisions  and after capitalised production. It is an aggregate that illustrates a company's ability to finance its operations beyond its financing structure and taxation.2 Projects for which a detailed or preliminary estimate has been issued.[3] Cumulative orders signed less the amount of progress on the contract. Progress is calculated as the ratio between the expenses incurred and the project expenditure budget.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Regulatory filing PDF file File: 23 03-29 CP Enogia RA VDEF EN (002)1596217 29-March-2023 CET/CESTImage link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1596217&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresMarch 29  2023 12:50 ET (16:50 GMT)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.15,0.54,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'ENOGIA', 'Hydrogen Fuel Cell Compressors business', 'largest anaerobic digestion plant', 'Green Shield Power Solution', 'Eiffel Gaz Vert fund', 'unprecedented energy efficiency requirements', 'efficient hydrogen compressors', 'French Regulatory News', 'coming three years', 'two strategic focuses', 'greater value creation', 'two financial partners', 'post-IPO recruitment campaign', 'Net financial income', 'Net exceptional income', 'robust order book', 'German biogas market', 'new research partnership', 'EUR6.5 million contract', 'faster business growth', 'first full year', 'German ORC contract', 'R&D developments', 'significant revenue growth', 'new business', 'energy transition', 'energy bills', 'Net profit', 'biogas contract', 'biggest order', 'ORC business', 'new partnerships', 'new generation', 'new offer', 'Euronext Growth', 'growth trajectory', 'CEST Dissemination', 'EQS Group', 'second half', 'ISIN code', 'Arthur Leroux', 'health situation', 'clear acceleration', 'buoyant environment', 'ORC technology', '40 ORC modules', 'commercial partnerships', 'major player', 'industrial engineering', 'extensive footprints', 'finishing touches', 'industrial companies', 'long-term agreements', 'low-carbon electricity', 'waste heat', 'medium term', 'ADEME Investissement', 'Operating profit', 'Tax credits', 'health reasons', 'capitalised production', 'Other purchases', '2022 annual results', '12% revenue growth', 'Significant increase', 'sales team', 'sales front', 'Operating revenues', 'personnel expenses', 'external expenses', 'recurring revenue', 'Change Revenue', 'positive EBITDA', 'major investments', 'Key advances', 'operating loss', 'France 2030 plan', 'same time', 'DJ ENOGIA', 'marketing model', 'ENOGIA ENOGIA', '2022 results', '2022 revenue', '56% increase', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Confirmation', 'target', 'Marseille', '29 March', 'ticker', 'ALENO', 'expert', 'micro-turbomachinery', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'July', 'objective', 'headwinds', 'China', 'shutdown', 'line', 'roadmap', 'strengthening', 'teams', 'host', 'way', 'improvement', 'profitability', 'aim', 'industry', 'interest', 'solutions', 'end', 'priorities', 'pace', 'Company', 'headcount', '62 employees', 'terms', 'innovation', 'lead', 'operations', 'segment', 'designation', 'SMAC-FC', 'date', 'August', 'world', 'November', 'Parlym', 'Africa', 'distribution', 'promotion', 'economy', 'PPA', 'support', 'thousands', 'performance', 'start', 'Germany', 'proportion', 'exports', 'Europe', 'Asia', '2021']",2023-03-05,2023-03-29,finanznachrichten.de
21584,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/hybrid-software-group-plc-amendment-160000531.html,Hybrid Software Group PLC: Amendment to 2023 reporting calendar,Cambridge (UK)  29 March 2023 (18:00 CEST): Hybrid Software Group (Euronext: HYSG) amends the date of publication of its annual report and financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022 (“Annual Report”) to 12 April 2023. The amendment is ...,Hybrid Software GroupPRESS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONAMENDMENT TO 2023 REPORTING CALENDARCambridge (UK)  29 March 2023 (18:00 CEST): Hybrid Software Group (Euronext: HYSG) amends the date of publication of its annual report and financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022 (“Annual Report”) to 12 April 2023.The amendment is necessary because the Company’s UK auditor  KPMG LLP  is waiting for the final stage of its accreditation from the Belgian Finance Ministry. As a consequence  the Company will now publish the Annual Report before the market opens on 12 April 2023.The reporting calendar for 2023 will now be:12 April 2023 Annual report and accounts for the year ending 31 December 20224 May 2023 Quarterly trading update for the quarter ending 31 March 202327 July 2023 Condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ending 30 June 2023 26 October 2023 Quarterly trading update for the quarter and nine months ending 30 September 2023Pro forma financial highlights for the twelve months ended 31 December 2022Revenue for the year was €46.69 million (2021: €48.56 million)EBITDA for the year was €10.90 million  or 23% of revenue (2021: €12.21 million)Annual General MeetingDue to the unavoidable delay in releasing the Annual Report  the date of the annual general meeting (“AGM”) will be delayed by two weeks. The Company expects to hold its AGM on Wednesday 24 May 2023 in Cambridge  United Kingdom. The meeting’s timing  venue  and final agenda will be provided in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory provisions.About Hybrid Software GroupThrough its operating subsidiaries  Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) is a leading developer of enterprise software for industrial print manufacturing. Customers include press manufacturers such as HP  Canon  Durst  Roland  Hymmen  and hundreds of packaging printers  trade shops  and converters worldwide.Hybrid Software Group PLC is headquartered in Cambridge UK. Its subsidiary companies are colour technology experts ColorLogic  printing software developers Global Graphics Software  enterprise software developer HYBRID Software  3D design and modelling software developers iC3D  the industrial printhead driver solutions specialists  Meteor Inkjet and pre-press workflow developer Xitron.Story continuesContactsJoachim Van Hemelen Jill Taylor Chief Financial Officer Corporate Communications Director Tel: +32 494 62 89 43 Tel: +44 (0)1223 926489 joachimvh@hybridsoftware.groupJill.taylor@hybridsoftware.group,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['Hybrid Software Group PLC', '2023 reporting calendar', 'Amendment', 'Joachim Van Hemelen Jill Taylor Chief Financial Officer Corporate Communications Director', 'industrial printhead driver solutions specialists', 'Pro forma financial highlights', 'Jill.taylor', 'Hybrid Software Group PLC', 'consolidated financial statements', 'industrial print manufacturing', 'Belgian Finance Ministry', 'Quarterly trading update', 'colour technology experts', 'printing software developers', 'Global Graphics Software', 'modelling software developers', 'pre-press workflow developer', 'enterprise software developer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading developer', 'annual report', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '2023 REPORTING CALENDAR', 'KPMG LLP', 'final stage', 'six months', 'nine months', 'twelve months', 'unavoidable delay', 'two weeks', 'United Kingdom', 'final agenda', 'applicable legal', 'regulatory provisions', 'operating subsidiaries', 'press manufacturers', 'packaging printers', 'trade shops', 'subsidiary companies', '3D design', 'Meteor Inkjet', 'UK auditor', 'Wednesday 24 May', 'The Company', 'Cambridge UK', 'AMENDMENT', '29 March', 'Euronext', 'HYSG', 'publication', 'year', '31 December', '12 April', 'accreditation', 'consequence', 'market', 'accounts', '31 March', 'July', '30 June', 'October', 'Revenue', 'EBITDA', 'AGM', 'timing', 'accordance', 'Customers', 'HP', 'Canon', 'Durst', 'Roland', 'Hymmen', 'hundreds', 'converters', 'ColorLogic', 'iC3D', 'Xitron', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'joachimvh', 'hybridsoftware', '32']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,uk.finance.yahoo.com
21585,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/already-more-20-000-customers-154500995.html,Already More than 20 000 Customers Signed Up for Switch™  Quadient's Secure Online Mail Platform for Small Businesses,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces the growth of its digital mail business  supported by Switch™  a cloud-based platform for sending ...,QUADIENTHomepage Switch mailScreenshot of Switch online mail serviceParis  March 29  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces the growth of its digital mail business  supported by Switch™  a cloud-based platform for sending business mail online  replacing traditional document printing and mailing processes  as well as saving valuable time.Quadient continuously invests in mail management solutions for businesses of all sizes  leveraging innovation and digital solutions to enable compliancy  security  productivity and tracking of mail processes. Designed to help small businesses adopt new strategies for their transactional and marketing communications  Switch is a flexible  secure  and cost-effective service to optimize mail and package processing.More than 20 000 customers have already signed up at switchmail.com  an online mailing service that allows users to upload documents from a computer or mobile device  verify addresses  choose printing and mailing options  and track the entire automated mail process  all from a single platform.“At Quadient  we constantly innovate to meet the evolving needs of our clients  leveraging our long-time experience providing solutions for businesses small and large ” said Alain Fairise  chief solution officer  Mail-Related Solutions at Quadient. “Thanks to a simple user interface and seamless API integration  Switch is the ideal online solution for small mailers to securely process their critical mail and packages more efficiently. Additionally  Switch is a great alternative to PC postage because it removes the chore of having to manage paper  envelopes and postage.”With Switch  there are no subscriptions or long-term agreements required. Small businesses can send many letters at once to multiple recipients with Switch’s batch mail feature. Additionally  Switch offers API and Zapier integration to simplify and automate business mail at scale and to connect to popular third-party business applications. To learn more  visit switchmail.com.Story continuesFor more information on how Quadient helps businesses of all sizes improve their mail and parcel sending and receiving processes  visit mail.quadient.com.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.88,0.1,0.02,True,English,"['Secure Online Mail Platform', 'Small Businesses', 'More', '20,000 Customers', 'Switch™', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'three key solution areas', 'popular third-party business applications', 'entire automated mail process', 'Switch online mail service', 'ideal online solution', 'chief solution officer', 'meaningful customer connections', 'simple user interface', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'online mailing service', 'customer experience excellence', 'batch mail feature', 'traditional document printing', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'mail management solutions', 'seamless API integration', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'digital mail business', 'business mail', 'cost-effective service', 'long-time experience', 'Zapier integration', 'parcel sending', 'mailing processes', 'mail processes', 'mailing options', 'critical mail', 'digital solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'physical channels', 'cloud-based platform', 'valuable time', 'new strategies', 'package processing', 'switchmail.com', 'mobile device', 'single platform', 'evolving needs', 'Alain Fairise', 'great alternative', 'long-term agreements', 'many letters', 'multiple recipients', 'receiving processes', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'small mailers', 'Euronext Paris', 'marketing communications', 'PC postage', 'Joe Scolaro', 'QUADIENT Homepage', 'small businesses', 'Switch™', 'Quadient®', 'Screenshot', 'March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'growth', 'sizes', 'innovation', 'compliancy', 'security', 'productivity', 'tracking', 'transactional', 'More', '20,000 customers', 'users', 'documents', 'computer', 'addresses', 'clients', 'large', 'packages', 'chore', 'paper', 'envelopes', 'subscriptions', 'scale', 'Story', 'information', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Ext.', 'Attachments']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21586,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sogeclair-confirms-eligibility-pea-pme-153500774.html,Sogeclair: confirms its eligibility for the PEA-PME share saving scheme  and indicates its dididend payment date,SOGECLAIR CONFIRMS ITS ELIGIBILITY FOR THE PEA-PME SHARE SAVING SCHEME  AND INDICATES ITS DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE Blagnac  France  and Montreal  Canada  29 th March 2023 at 5.35 pm - SOGECLAIR (Euronext: SOG)  supplier of innovative solutions with high added ...,SogeclairSOGECLAIR CONFIRMS ITS ELIGIBILITY FOR THE PEA-PME SHARE SAVING SCHEME  AND INDICATES ITS DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATEBlagnac  France  and Montreal  Canada  29th March 2023 at 5.35 pm - SOGECLAIR (Euronext: SOG)  supplier of innovative solutions with high added value for a safer and less-consuming mobility  confirms that it meets all the eligibility criteria for the PEA-PME (small and medium-size enterprise share saving scheme) specified by Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  ie: market capitalization lower than €1 billion  headcount lower than 5 000 employees  annual turnover lower than €1.5 billion or a total balance sheet lower than €2 billion. These eligibility criteria are assessed on the basis of the consolidated accounts of SOGECLAIR on 31st December 2022  taking into account its subsidiaries.Consequently  SOGECLAIR shares can be fully integrated into PEA-PME accounts.The dividend of €0.90 gross per share  announced on 15th March 2023 (press release on the 2022 Annual Results)  will be submitted for approval to the General Meeting to be held on 11th May 2023  it would be paid on 17th May 2023. The detachment of the coupon would take place on 15th May 2023.Next announcement: turnover for Q1 2023  on May 03th 2023 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SOGECLAIRSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high quality  proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  President & CEO / Olivier PEDRON  Chief Officer Operating / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33Press contact: Louise-Marie Thabard / SOGECLAIR Communication / louise-marie.thabard@sogeclair.com / +336 75 95 12 20Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,positive,0.66,0.32,0.02,True,English,"['PEA-PME share saving scheme', 'dididend payment date', 'Sogeclair', 'eligibility', 'medium-size enterprise share saving scheme', 'PEA-PME SHARE SAVING SCHEME', 'Indice Euronext® Family Business', 'innovative, high added-value solutions', 'high added value', 'DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE', 'total balance sheet', 'Chief Officer Operating', 'innovative solutions', 'PEA-PME accounts', 'Euronext Paris', '29th March', 'less-consuming mobility', 'Article L.', 'French Monetary', 'market capitalization', 'consolidated accounts', '31st December', '15th March', 'press release', '2022 Annual Results', 'General Meeting', 'Next announcement', 'Stock Market', 'efficient mobility', 'high-quality engineering', 'broad range', 'cutting-edge sectors', 'simulation stages', 'Compartment C', 'Reuters SCLR', 'Philippe ROBARDEY', 'Olivier PEDRON', 'Press contact', '11th May', '17th May', '15th May', 'eligibility criteria', 'Financial Code', 'annual turnover', 'production chain', 'proximity service', 'Bloomberg SOG', 'Louise-Marie Thabard', 'SOGECLAIR CONFIRMS', 'SOGECLAIR shares', 'SOGECLAIR Communication', 'THE', 'Blagnac', 'France', 'Montreal', 'Canada', 'supplier', 'safer', 'small', 'headcount', '5,000 employees', 'basis', 'subsidiaries', 'approval', 'detachment', 'coupon', 'place', 'Q1', 'closing', 'skills', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'vehicle', 'rail', 'defense', 'customers', 'partners', 'design', 'lifetime', 'entry', 'collaborators', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'President', 'CEO', 'Story', 'Attachment', '5.35']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
21587,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58682290-paragon-id-2022-23-half-year-results-strong-growth-in-business-activity-and-continued-improvement-in-profitability-increase-in-net-debt-650.htm,Paragon ID: 2022/23 half-year results: strong growth in business activity and continued improvement in profitability; increase in net debt,EBITDA up +68% for the 1st half of the financial year and EBITDA margin reaching 7.3% Positive current operating income (+€1 8 M),"Half-year revenue growth of +59%  (organic growth of 50%)EBITDA up +68% for the 1 st half of the financial year and EBITDA margin reaching 7.3%Positive current operating income (+€1 8 M) and net profit breakeven for the half-yearConfirmation of 2022/23 revenue target: more than €170m  representing 30% annual growthNet debt (excluding non-recourse factoring) standing at €71.5m  of which €32.2m owed to Paragon GroupIncreasingly complex business environment slowing growth in some Strategic InitiativesParagon ID (Euronext Paris - FR0013318813 - PID)  leading provider of identification solutions for e-ID  Smart Cities & Mass Transit  Track & Trace and Brand Protection and Payment  publishes its consolidated results for the 1st half of the 2022/23 financial year (1st July 2022 - 31 December 2022)  which will close on 30th June 2023. These consolidated results were the subject of a limited review by the company's auditors and approved by the board of directors of Paragon ID SA on 28th March 2023.In € million - IFRS standards H1 2021/22(6 months) H1 2022/23(6 months) Change FY 2021/22(12 months) Turnover 56.6 89.9 +59% 130.8 EBITDA1 3.9 6.6 +68% 10.5 EBITDA1margin 6.9% 7.3% 8.0% Expenses related to share-based payments -0.0 - Amortization and depreciation charges -4.7 -4.8 Current operating income -0.8 1.8 +2.6 M€ -0.3 Non-recurring expenses -0.7 -0.0 0.6 Operating loss -1.5 1.7 0.2 Financial result -1.0 -1.3 -2.1 Other & taxes 0.1 -0.6 -0.6 Net result -2.5 -0.1 +2.3 M€ -2.51 Current operating income before (i) depreciation and amortization  and (ii) calculated charges related to share-based payments.The subsidiary EDM Technology has been consolidated since 1st October 2021. The companies Urban Things and Tracktio have been consolidated since 1st July 2022. The activity related to the acquisition of the assets of Uwinloc is accounted for as of 1st January 2023.Record half-year turnover 2022/23 of €89.9m  representing +59% growth in revenuesTotal revenues in the 1st half of the 2022/23 financial year  were €89.9m  growing some 59% vs prior year. Organic growth in the 1st half was 50%  at constant perimeter and exchange rates. €89.9m is equal to 69% of the total revenues achieved in the previous financial year (€130.8m in the full financial year 2021/22)  positioning the company well ahead of its original annual plan.This growth reflects a sharp progression of traditional activities  with half-yearly increases of more than 50%  and the success of our strategic initiatives and the performance of the companies we have acquired recently.In Mass Transit & Smart Cities  sales grew +68% in the 1st half as commuters progressively returned to urban transport systems  accelerated by the growth in market share achieved by Paragon ID  particularly in the US market.Track and Trace posted growth of +51% in H1  driven in particular by very strong demand for baggage tags and other material for the aviation sector (above the pre-pandemic level of Security Label GmbH). Real Time Locating Systems offers contributed to growth in the Track & Trace activity  as did the sale of RFID tags destined for IoT projects in the US Retail sector.In Payment  the company posted growth of +22%  showing strong acceleration in the 2nd quarter (end of calendar year)  which benefited from orders for gift and loyalty cards  particularly in the UK. Commercialisation of Paragon ID's own-manufactured metal payment cards commenced in H1 and will contribute more substantially to the company's growth in H2.In e-ID  growth was particularly strong at +173% in H1  with strong demand for traditional passport e-covers. New major orders received for slim polycarbonate data-pages for passports and for polycarbonate electronic identity cards  representing several tens of millions of euros in revenues over the next few years  will contribute to increasing turnover in this activity in H2.+68% increase in EBITDA[1] in the first half of 2022/23 and +40 basis points improvement in EBITDA marginIn the 1st half of 2022/23  Paragon ID achieved an EBITDA2 of €6.6m  up +68% compared to the 1st half of 2021/22.In a context of strong growth in business activity  the gross margin rate fell slightly due to (i) the increase in raw material costs and tensions in supply chains  part of which is passed on to customers in the sales prices  (ii) an adverse business mix  mainly linked to the impact of subcontracted activities.In terms of operating expenses  the sustained increase in business activity has  however  enabled better absorption of fixed costs and in particular personnel costs.The EBITDA margin was 7.3%  compared to 6.9% the previous year  an improvement of +40 bps.After taking into account net depreciation and amortisation charges that were virtually unchanged in comparison to the previous six months  current operating income for the half-year was largely positive at €1.8m  compared with a current operating loss of €0.8m a year earlier.The financial result  consisting of interest charges on financial debt and factoring  increased to € -1.3m  compared with € -1.0m in the first half of 2021/22. This reflects the increase in bank debt to support the external growth policy and the financing of working capital as well as the first impacts of the increases in interest rates.After accounting for a tax charge of €0.6m  net profit for the half year was almost break-even at -€0.1m  compared with a net loss of -€2.5m at the end of H1 2021/22.Balance sheet as at 31 December 2022In € million - IFRS standards 31/122022 30/062022 In € million - IFRS standards 31/122022 30/062022 Non-current assets 101.0 101.5 Equity 21.4 22.8 Incl. goodwill 61.1 62.0 Financial Debts 46.7 40.7 Current assets 61.0 45.4 Of which bank loans 42.6 36.3 Of which trade & other receivables 17.2 14.9 Of which bank overdrafts 4.0 4.4 Of which inventories 30.4 23.0 Cash 7.4 14.2 Related-party loans 32.2 25.8 Rental debts 5.2 6.1 Trade & other payables 35.3 37.3 Other liabilities 28.6 28.3 TOTAL 169.4 161.0 TOTAL 169.4 161.0Increase in inventories at the end of December 2022 to manage the strong growth in business activity and consequent increase in indebtednessNon-current assets  including goodwill  changed little during the half-year  which was marked by the sole acquisition of the Spanish location tracking / RTLS company Tracktio.Current assets increased significantly  with trade receivables  net of non-recourse-factoring  up by only €2.3m despite the strong growth in business activity.Inventories increased more significantly from €23.0m to €30.4m  reflecting early purchases of key components  particularly the electronic chips required to manufacture RFID inlays. This was to enable the first deliveries in the second half of the year of the large orders for polycarbonate eID products received at the end of the calendar year.Available cash amounted to €7.4m at 31 December 2022  compared with €14.2m at 30 June 2022. This change (-€6.8m) should be compared with the change in inventories over the same period (+€7.4m).On the liabilities side  shareholders' equity stood at €21.4m at 31 December 2022.Financial debt increased to €46.7m  as Paragon ID signed a new €10m financing agreement with its main shareholder's banking pool at the end of the first half-year  as part of the ""PGE Résilience"" scheme (French state-guaranteed loan). This debt offers attractive fixed interest rates in line with market conditions  without financial covenants  and an amortization period of up to five years.Borrowings from the Paragon Group totalled €32.2m at the end of December 2022  with a new €6m loan implemented during the first half of the year to support Paragon ID's strong growth. They are made up of a €10m simple bond debt  maturing in September 2024  and cash advances from the reference shareholder to support the company's development  including €10.3m of bullet loans maturing in June 2026. The Paragon Group has confirmed its agreement to continue its support to the Company.At 31 December 2022  Paragon ID's net financial debt stood at €39.3m (excluding related-party loans and rental debts). Recent repeated increases in interest rates  across all of the jurisdictions in which Paragon ID operates  will compound the cost of this overall increase in the company's indebtedness.Revenue target of more than 170 M€ for 2022/23  representing an annual growth rate of over 30%In view of the strong growth in business activity delivered in the first half of the year  the sustained order intake since the beginning of 2023 and the gradual and regular improvement of the supply chain (raw materials and components)  the Group reaffirms its objective of delivering sustained growth in 2022/23.Paragon ID therefore expects to achieve growth of more than +30% over the 2022/23 financial year (compared with the initial target of +10%  which was raised to +20% at the end of October 2022 and then to +30% at the end of January 2023).This increase would bring the annual turnover for the financial year 2022/23 to more than €170m (vs. €130.8m in 2021/22).In the second half of 2022/23  the Group's e-ID activity will benefit from the first deliveries of the orders received at the end of the year for its new polycarbonate products. As a reminder  these orders for ""Data Pages"" products aimed at passports and ID cards will represent several tens of millions of euros of revenue. These will be recognised over the next few financial years.Trading context and outlookWhile the Company will finish the financial year 2023/23 in strong growth  this has resulted in a correspondingly strong increase in working capital and consequently in a sharp rise in its indebtedness. The ongoing increases in interest rates across the world are driving the costs of this indebtedness to levels which will challenge the Company's capacity to deliver a positive net income result. It is the intention of the board of directors of Paragon ID to explore different alternatives to finance the Company's high rates of growth and working capital needs.These increases in interest rates  the inflationary economic conditions and the geopolitical situation  generally  have slowed investment and growth in a number of the markets targeted by Paragon ID's Strategic Initiatives. Specifically  adoption of RFID technology in the IoT Retail market in the US is running at around 50% of the expected growth rate and investments in digital platforms in Mass Transit have disappointed in the current financial year. These headwinds are expected to continue in the near term but the Company is satisfied that its strategy is the correct one.Clem Garvey  CEO of Paragon ID states:""The results of this first half of the financial year 2022/23 have been very strong in Sales and in EBITDA volume. They are a proud testament to the work and the dedication of Paragon ID's people. We have sufficient momentum to continue to grow this business strongly in the near to medium term. However  we have to recognize that current high inflationary tendencies and continuing increases in interest rates are eating into our cash flows. These same pressures  felt by our clients across the world  have slowed the uptake of a number of our offers  notably those related to our Strategic Initiatives (IoT Retail  Real-Time-Locating-Systems Platforms  Digital and Mobile Ticketing and Metal Payment Cards). We will remain vigilant with regard to our capacity to pursue all of these initiatives at the same time in a fast-evolving and challenging economic environment.""Eligibility of Paragon ID shares for PEA-PME schemeParagon ID confirms that it complies with all of the PEA-PME eligibility criteria in accordance with the L.221-32-2 and D.221-113-5 articles and following of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Accordingly  Paragon ID shares (Euronext Paris - FR0013318813 - PID) remain eligible for incorporation into PEA-PME accounts which benefit from the same tax benefits as traditional equity savings plans (PEA).Financial agenda2022/23 Q3 turnover Wednesday 26 April 2023 2022/23 Q4 turnover Wednesday 26 July 2023 2022/23 Yearly results Wednesday 25 October 2023 2023/24 Q1 turnoverThese dates are given for information only. They are likely to be modified if necessary. The publications will take place before the opening of the Euronext markets.About Paragon IDAbout Paragon ID Paragon ID is a leader in identification solutions  in particular in the e-ID  Transport & Smart Cities  Traceability & Brand Protection and Payment sectors. Paragon ID employs more than 650 staff  with manufacturing sites in US and Europe  close to its customers.Paragon ID is listed on Euronext Paris with a majority of its shares being held by Paragon Group  a leading provider of Customer Communications  Identification  Graphics Services and Office Services. Paragon Group has a turnover of €1.5 billion and more than 9 000 employees. Paragon Group combines generations of experience with the latest innovations in technology and smart data to enable responsive and meaningful interactions between organisations and their customers. For further information about Paragon Group  visit Paragon-Europe.com.Euronext Paris - Share identification: Paragon ID - ISIN Code: FR0013318813 - Mnemonic code: PID.For further information about Paragon ID  visit Paragon-id.com.ContactsParagon IDClem GarveyCEOTél.: +33 (0)2 48 81 61 00clem.garvey@paragon-id.com ACTUS finance & communicationInvestors relationsMathieu OmnesTél.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr ACTUS finance & communicationPress relationsFatou-Kiné N'DiayeTél.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.fr[1] Current operating income before (i) depreciation and amortization  and (ii) calculated charges related to share-based payments.------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:yHBulMZmlWnGnW9ylcpsaWVkl2pkkmSUZWGelJNqasudmJqTlG9ob53IZnBqlW5q- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-79094-paragon-id_pr_h1-202223-results_29032023_en.pdf",neutral,0.3,0.66,0.04,mixed,0.35,0.12,0.53,True,English,"['2022/23 half-year results', 'Paragon ID', 'strong growth', 'business activity', 'continued improvement', 'net debt', 'profitability', 'increase', 'Real Time Locating Systems offers', 'polycarbonate electronic identity cards', 'manufactured metal payment cards', 'Positive current operating income', 'urban transport systems', 'slim polycarbonate data-pages', '2022/23 revenue target', 'subsidiary EDM Technology', 'Security Label GmbH', 'previous six months', 'current operating loss', 'complex business environment', 'original annual plan', 'adverse business mix', 'gross margin rate', '2022/23 financial year', 'full financial year', 'US Retail sector', 'New major orders', 'raw material costs', 'previous financial year', 'Paragon ID SA', 'Record half-year turnover', 'Half-year revenue growth', 'loyalty cards', 'previous year', 'operating expenses', 'Financial result', 'Urban Things', 'prior year', 'US market', 'aviation sector', 'calendar year', 'financial debt', 'fixed costs', 'personnel costs', 'Paragon Group', 'business activity', '1 st half', 'net profit', 'Net debt', 'Strategic Initiatives', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading provider', 'identification solutions', 'Smart Cities', 'Mass Transit', 'Brand Protection', 'consolidated results', '1st half', 'st July', '30th June', 'limited review', '28th March', 'IFRS standards', 'share-based payments', 'Net result', '1st October', '1st January', 'constant perimeter', 'exchange rates', 'sharp progression', 'traditional activities', 'half-yearly increases', 'market share', 'strong demand', 'baggage tags', 'other material', 'pre-pandemic level', 'RFID tags', 'IoT projects', 'strong acceleration', '2nd quarter', 'traditional passport', 'several tens', 'first half', '+40 basis points', 'supply chains', 'subcontracted activities', '30% annual growth', 'EBITDA margin', 'amortisation charges', 'interest charges', 'Non-recurring expenses', 'net depreciation', 'recourse factoring', 'Total revenues', 'sales prices', 'organic growth', 'strong growth', 'depreciation charges', 'sustained increase', 'Trace activity', '+59% growth', '+68% increase', 'Confirmation', 'PID', 'e-ID', 'Track', '31 December', 'subject', 'company', 'auditors', 'board', 'directors', 'EBITDA1', 'Amortization', 'taxes', 'companies', 'acquisition', 'assets', 'Uwinloc', 'success', 'performance', 'commuters', 'gift', 'UK', 'Commercialisation', 'H1', 'H2.', 'covers', 'passports', 'millions', 'euros', 'years', 'increasing', 'EBITDA2', 'context', 'tensions', 'part', 'customers', 'impact', 'terms', 'improvement', 'account', 'comparison']",2023-03-05,2023-03-29,finanznachrichten.de
21588,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,OCI And LATECOERE On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Wednesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/gLu1983exO(VIANEW… https://t.co/qkhyPXQ76g,nan,OCI And LATECOERE On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Wednesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/gLu1983exO(VIANEW… https://t.co/qkhyPXQ76g,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'OCI', 'LATECOERE', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Wednesday', 'gLu1983exO', 'qkhyPXQ76g', 'Euronext Session', 'OCI', 'LATECOERE', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Wednesday', 'gLu1983exO', 'qkhyPXQ76g']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21589,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We're pleased to be selected as one of 20 companies on the Euronext #BELESG Index  the new domestic ESG index for B… https://t.co/GD9hmmAduJ,nan,We're pleased to be selected as one of 20 companies on the Euronext #BELESG Index  the new domestic ESG index for B… https://t.co/GD9hmmAduJ,positive,0.89,0.11,0.01,positive,0.89,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['new domestic ESG index', 'Euronext #BELESG Index', '20 companies', 'GD9hmmAduJ', 'new domestic ESG index', 'Euronext #BELESG Index', '20 companies', 'GD9hmmAduJ']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21590,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Nicox SA  $COX capital increase reserved for employees  to take place  in the coming days    #euronext #biotech #NCX470,nan,Nicox SA  $COX capital increase reserved for employees  to take place  in the coming days    #euronext #biotech #NCX470,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Nicox SA  $COX capital increase', 'coming days', 'employees', 'place', 'euronext', 'biotech', 'Nicox SA  $COX capital increase', 'coming days', 'employees', 'place', 'euronext', 'biotech']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21591,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@long_equity Hello  after months of procrastinations  i took time to build table like yours for Euronext stocks (so… https://t.co/DkPxK3dgQ3,nan,@long_equity Hello  after months of procrastinations  i took time to build table like yours for Euronext stocks (so… https://t.co/DkPxK3dgQ3,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.03,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.03,True,English,"['Euronext stocks', 'months', 'procrastinations', 'time', 'table', 'DkPxK3dgQ3', 'Euronext stocks', 'months', 'procrastinations', 'time', 'table', 'DkPxK3dgQ3']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21592,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 173 06 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/jXkB9BrYvw,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 173 06 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/jXkB9BrYvw,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'jXkB9BrYvw', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'jXkB9BrYvw']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21593,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext 100 Index Bullish By 4% In The Last 10 Sessionshttps://t.co/w0494CJALi(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Index (^N… https://t.co/sq4SWYFyMK,nan,Euronext 100 Index Bullish By 4% In The Last 10 Sessionshttps://t.co/w0494CJALi(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Index (^N… https://t.co/sq4SWYFyMK,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 10 Sessions', 'The', 'VIANEWS', 'Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 10 Sessions', 'The', 'VIANEWS']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21594,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Nicox —  NCX470 value and new developments by Edison Reseach $COX #Euronext https://t.co/zcHNmtOS8L,nan,Nicox —  NCX470 value and new developments by Edison Reseach $COX #Euronext https://t.co/zcHNmtOS8L,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['NCX470 value', 'new developments', 'Edison Reseach', 'Nicox', 'Euronext', 'NCX470 value', 'new developments', 'Edison Reseach', 'Nicox', 'Euronext']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21595,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,hVIVO plc presenting at the World Vaccine Congress  Washington D.C. - https://t.co/KefZFOVwnXhVIVO plc (Euronext… https://t.co/bh5kGmezda,nan,hVIVO plc presenting at the World Vaccine Congress  Washington D.C. - https://t.co/KefZFOVwnXhVIVO plc (Euronext… https://t.co/bh5kGmezda,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['World Vaccine Congress', 'Washington D.C.', 'hVIVO plc', 'KefZFOVwnX', 'Euronext', 'World Vaccine Congress', 'Washington D.C.', 'hVIVO plc', 'KefZFOVwnX', 'Euronext']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
21596,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Biggidy_Bam Winamp is back on April 15 !Winamp is part of LLama Group  listed on Euronext Stock Exchange - ticke… https://t.co/A2xzJBCZr3,nan,@Biggidy_Bam Winamp is back on April 15 !Winamp is part of LLama Group  listed on Euronext Stock Exchange - ticke… https://t.co/A2xzJBCZr3,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Stock Exchange', 'LLama Group', 'April', 'Winamp', 'part', 'A2xzJBCZr3', 'Euronext Stock Exchange', 'LLama Group', 'April', 'Winamp', 'part', 'A2xzJBCZr3']",2023-03-29,2023-03-29,Unknown
