UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49085,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/26/3033074/0/en/Bank-of-%C3%85land-Plc-Notice-to-convene-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Bank of Åland Plc: Notice to convene the Annual General Meeting,Bank of Åland Plc Notice to convene general meeting February 26  2025  17.15 EET.  Notice to convene the Annual General Meeting  Notice is hereby given...,Bank of Åland PlcNotice to convene general meetingFebruary 26  2025  17.15 EET.Notice to convene the Annual General MeetingNotice is hereby given to the shareholders of the Bank of Åland Plc (Ålandsbanken Abp) of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 3.00 p.m. Finnish time (15.00 EET) on Tuesday  March 25  2025 at the Alandica Kultur & Kongress auditorium  Strandgatan 33  Mariehamn  Åland  Finland.The reception of persons who have registered to participate in the Meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 2.00 p.m. on the above date.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingThe following matters will be dealt with at the Meeting:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to order3. Election of persons to check the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Verification of the legality of the Meeting5. Verification of attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Presentation of the financial statements  the Report of the Directors and the Auditors’ Report for 2024Managing Director’s review.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Decision on allocation of the profit shown in the balance sheet and dividend distributionThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 2.40 per share plus an extra dividend of EUR 0.35 per share shall be paid for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2024  that the record date for dividend payment shall be Thursday  March 27  2025 and that the payment date shall be Thursday  April 3  2025.9. Decision on granting discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the financial year January 1 – December 31  202410. Presentation and adoption of the compensation report11. Decision on the number of members on the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed that the number of Board members shall be set at seven.12. Decision on fees for the members of the BoardThe Board of Directors proposes an unchanged annual fee for its Chairman (EUR 37 000)  the Deputy Chairman (EUR 31 500) and each other Board member (EUR 29 000). The Board also proposes an unchanged fee per meeting attended for the Chairman (EUR 1 000) and for each other Board member (EUR 750).It shall be noted that the fee per meeting for Board members’ attendance at meetings of the committees appointed by the Board is EUR 750 per Board member and EUR 1 000 for the committee Chairman. In addition  it shall be noted that compensation for travel and accommodation expenses as well as daily subsistence allowances are paid in compliance with the instructions of tax authorities and the Bank’s travel guidelines.13. Election of Board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes the re-election of Board members Anders Å Karlsson  Nils Lampi  Mirel Leino-Haltia  Malin Lombardi  Christoffer Taxell  Ulrika Valassi and Anders Wiklöf for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM.14. Decision on the auditors’ feesIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the auditors’ fees be paid as invoiced.15. Decision on the number of auditorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of auditors shall be unchanged  that is  one auditor.16. Election of auditorsIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes the re-election of the authorised accounting firm of KPMG Oy Ab  with Henry Maarala (KHT) as auditor in charge  for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM.17. Decision on the sustainability auditors’ feesIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the sustainability auditors’ fees be paid as invoiced.18. Election of sustainability auditorsIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes the election of the authorised accounting firm of KPMG Oy Ab  with Henry Maarala (KHT) as auditor in charge  for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM. KPMG Oy Ab has informed the Bank that certified sustainability auditor Henry Maarala will be the sustainability auditor in charge.19. Closing of the MeetingB. General Meeting documentsThe above-mentioned proposals by the Board of Directors  this notice convening the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and other documents that shall be available as provided by the Finnish Companies Act are found on the website of the Bank of Åland Plc  www.alandsbanken.fi in Swedish.The Board’s proposals and the accounting documents will also be available at the Company’s Head Office and at the AGM. Copies of these documents and of this notice convening the AGM will be sent to shareholders upon request.C. Instruction for participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders listed in the Company’s shareholder registerShareholders who were listed on March 13  2025 (the record date for the AGM) in the Company’s shareholder register  which is maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab  are entitled to participate in the Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in his or her Finnish personal book-entry securities account is listed in the Company’s shareholder register.Shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM must register no later than 12 noon on Thursday  March 20  2025.They may register for the AGM:a) via the internet at the address www.alandsbanken.fi/bolagsstammab) by telephone at +358 18 29 011;c) by letter addressed to Bank of Åland Plc  PB 3  AX-22101 Mariehamn  Åland  Finland.When registering  please state the shareholder’s name  personal identity code or business ID number and the name of any assistant or authorised representative and the representative’s personal identity code. These personal data will be used only for purposes attributable to the AGM and for processing of registrations related to this.If needed  the shareholder and his/her authorised representative must be able to prove their identity and/or authorisation at the Meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the AGM on the basis of the shares he or she would be entitled to be listed on March 13  2025 (the record date for the AGM) in the Shareholder Register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab. Participation also requires that on the basis of these shares  no later than 10.00 a.m. on March 20  2025 the shareholder has been listed in the temporary shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this shall be counted as registration for the AGM. Changes in the shareholding after the record date for the AGM shall not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the shareholder’s number of votes.Registration shall be carried out by the asset manager’s account administrator no later than the above-mentioned deadline. A holder of nominee-registered shares is urged to request instructions well in advance from his or her asset manager regarding entry into the temporary shareholder register  issuance of powers of attorney and registration for the AGM. The asset manager’s account managing institution shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the AGM in the Company’s temporary shareholder register no later than the above-mentioned deadline.3. Authorised representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights at the Meeting through authorised representatives. A shareholder’s authorised representative must show a dated power of attorney or otherwise prove in a reliable manner that he or she is authorised to represent the shareholder.If a shareholder is represented at the Meeting by more than one authorised representatives  who represent a shareholder with shares in different book-entry securities accounts  at the time of registration the shareholder must state on the basis of which shares each authorised representative is representing the shareholder.Any original powers of attorney should be sent to the Bank of Åland Plc  PB 3  AX-22101 Mariehamn  Åland  Finland and be in the possession of the Company before the expiration of the registration period. Please label the envelope “Annual General Meeting” or “AGM”. Alternatively  a copy of the power of attorney may be sent by e-mail to bolagsstamma@alandsbanken.fi  in which case the original power of attorney shall be shown at the AGM.4. Other instructions and informationShareholders who attend the Meeting are entitled to ask questions concerning matters being dealt with at the Meeting  pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.On the date of this Notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the number of shares in the Bank of Åland Plc totals 6 476 138 Series A shares  which represent 129 522 760 votes  and 8 890 781 Series B shares  which represent 8 890 781 votes  or 15 366 919 shares and 138 413 541 votes in all. Each Series A share has 20 votes at the Meeting and each Series B share has one vote  but subject to the limitation on voting rights stipulated in the Articles of Association  Section 7.Mariehamn  February 25  2025Board of Directors,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Åland Plc', 'Bank', 'Notice', 'B. General Meeting documents', 'daily subsistence allowances', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Anders Wiklöf', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Ab', 'Annual General Meeting', 'unchanged annual fee', 'The Nomination Committee', 'other Board member', 'sustainability auditors’ fees', 'Board members’ attendance', 'other documents', 'Finnish time', 'unchanged fee', 'Anders Å Karlsson', 'accounting documents', 'Audit Committee', 'Ålandsbanken Abp', 'Alandica Kultur', 'Kongress auditorium', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'financial statements', 'Managing Director', 'balance sheet', 'financial year', 'accommodation expenses', 'tax authorities', 'Nils Lampi', 'Mirel Leino-Haltia', 'Malin Lombardi', 'Christoffer Taxell', 'Ulrika Valassi', 'accounting firm', 'Henry Maarala', 'C. Instruction', 'shareholder register', 'The Board', 'Åland Plc', 'extra dividend', 'record date', 'dividend payment', 'payment date', 'committee Chairman', 'one auditor', 'Auditors’ Report', 'Deputy Chairman', 'travel guidelines', 'next AGM', 'dividend distribution', 'Head Office', 'compensation report', 'Notice', 'February', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Strandgatan', 'Mariehamn', 'reception', 'persons', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'votes', 'Verification', 'legality', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'Decision', 'allocation', 'profit', 'December', 'Thursday', 'April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'number', 'meetings', 'committees', 'addition', 'compliance', 'instructions', 'term', 'closing', 'accordance', 'recommendation', 'KHT', 'proposals', 'website', 'alandsbanken', 'Swedish', 'Company', 'Copies', 'request', 'participants', '3.00', '2.00', '4.', '2024', '9.']",2025-02-26,2025-02-27,globenewswire.com
49086,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/26/3032597/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Aspocomp-Group-Plc.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Aspocomp Group Plc.,Aspocomp Group Plc.  Stock Exchange Release  February 26  2025  at 9:30 a.m. Finnish timeNotice is given to the shareholders of Aspocomp Group Plc. to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  April 29  2025  at 10 a.m. (Finnish time)  address Keilara…,Aspocomp Group Plc.  Stock Exchange Release  February 26  2025  at 9:30 a.m. Finnish timeNotice is given to the shareholders of Aspocomp Group Plc. to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  April 29  2025  at 10 a.m. (Finnish time)  address Keilaranta 1  1st floor Auditorium  Espoo  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 9.30 a.m. (Finnish time).A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be handled:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2024- Review by the CEOThe annual report of the company for the year 2024  including the company’s annual accounts  the consolidated annual accounts and the report of the Board of Directors as well as the auditor’s report shall be available on the company’s website at www.aspocomp.com/reports on week 11.7. Adoption of the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting  that no dividend will be paid for the fiscal year January 1- December 31  2024.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEOs10. Presentation of the Remuneration Report 2024 for the company’s governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that it would approve the company’s Remuneration Report for governing bodies 2024. The resolution concerning approval of the Remuneration Report is advisory in nature.The remuneration report is available on the company’s website www.aspocomp.com/agm.11. Presentation of the Remuneration Policy for the company’s governing bodiesThe current Remuneration Policy has been approved at the Annual General Meeting on April 18  2024. The Remuneration Policy shall be presented to the General Meeting at least once every four years  or whenever substantial changes are made to it.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that it would approve the Remuneration Policy for the company’s governing bodies. The resolution concerning approval of the Remuneration Policy is advisory in nature.The Remuneration Policy for the company’s governing bodies is attached to this notice to the Annual General Meeting and on the company’s website at www.aspocomp.com/agm.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the amount of remuneration payable to the Board of Directors remain the same as in the ending term and that Board Members be thus compensated as follows: EUR 30 000 for the chairman of the Board of Directors  EUR 20 000 for the vice chairman  and EUR 15 000 for each of the other members in remuneration for their term of office. The Nomination Board further proposes that EUR 1 000 be paid as remuneration per meeting to the chairman and that the other members be paid EUR 500 per meeting of the Board and its committees. The Nomination Board also proposes that the members of the Board of Directors be reimbursed for reasonable travel costs. The Nomination Board further proposes that earning-related pension insurance contributions are paid voluntarily for the paid remuneration.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that four (4) members be elected to the Board of Directors.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors Mr. Anssi Korhonen and Mr. Ville Vuori be re-elected as members to the Board of Directors and Ms. Jenni Enroth and Kaisa Kokkonen be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. In accordance with the Articles of Association of the company  the term of office of the members of the Board of Directors ends at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting following the election.The said director nominees have given their consents to the election.Presentation of the proposed new members of the Board of Directors Jenni Enroth and Kaisa Kokkonen are attached to this notice to the Annual General Meeting. The proposed current members of the Board of Directors are presented on Aspocomp’s website www.aspocomp.com.The Nomination Board has assessed the director nominees' independence against the independence criteria of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. According to the evaluation carried out by the Nomination Board  all director nominees are independent of the company's significant shareholders. The Nomination Board has also assessed that all nominees are independent of the company.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor’s fees be paid according to the auditor’s invoice.16. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Ernst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accountants be elected as the company's auditor. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that Ms. Erika Grönlund  Authorized Public Accountant  will act as the principal auditor. In accordance with the Articles of Association of the company  the term of office of the auditor ends at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting following the election.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  options and other special rightsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to  in one or several instalments  decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 681 144 shares. The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as treasury shares possibly held by the company. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorization revokes the authorization given by the General Meeting on April 18  2024  to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.The authorization is valid until June 30  2026.18. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board and the Board of Directors relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice  the company’s Remuneration Report for governing bodies 2024 and the Remuneration Policy for the company’s governing bodies are available on the company’s website at www.aspocomp.com/agm. The annual report of the company for the year 2024  including the company’s annual accounts  the consolidated annual accounts and the report of the Board of Directors as well as the auditor’s report shall be available on the company’s website at www.aspocomp.com/reports on week 11. The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available at www.aspocomp.com/agm no later than May 13  2025.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. The right to participate and registrationEach shareholder  who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 15  2025  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Each shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  that is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the meeting within the period February 26  2025 – April 24  2025. The registration must be available at the company at the latest on Thursday  April 24  2025  by 10 a.m. (Finnish time). Such notice can be given:a) via Aspocomp’s website at https://aspocomp.com/investors/governance/agm/Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or his/her representative or proxy with Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank IDs or mobile certificate b) by e-mail at the address agm@innovatics.fiShareholders registering by e-mail shall submit the registration form available on the company's website https://aspocomp.com/investors/governance/agm/ or equivalent information to it c) by telephone at number +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays between 9 a.m.-12 p.m. and 1-4 p.m. (Finnish time)  ord) by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting/ Aspocomp Group Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland. Shareholders registering by e-mail shall submit the registration form available on the company's website https://aspocomp.com/investors/governance/agm/or equivalent information to it.In connection with the registration a shareholder shall provide requested information  such as his/her/its name  date of birth or Business ID  address  telephone number and/or email address and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth  phone number and/or email address of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Aspocomp Group Plc. or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations.The shareholder and their representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting.Further information on registration is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on April 15  2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on April 24  2025  by 10.00 a.m. (Finnish time). As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her/its custodian. The account manager of the custodian has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on April 24  2025  by 10.00 a.m. (Finnish time).3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative must authenticate to the electronic registration service personally with strong authentication  after which they will be able to register on behalf of the shareholder  who they represent.A proxy representative shall produce a dated power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.A proxy representative may deliver the duly completed and signed power of attorney  primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration  or by post to the address Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / Aspocomp Group Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the deadline for delivering the notice of participation on April 24  2025  by 10.00 a.m. (Finnish time)  by which time the documents must be received. In addition to the delivery of power of attorney  a shareholder or their proxy representative shall register for the Annual General Meeting as described in this notice.Shareholders may also  as an alternative a to traditional power of attorney  use the electronic Suomi.fi e-Authorizations service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-Authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). In the general meeting service  authorised representatives shall identify themselves through strong electronic authentication and register on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/eauthorizations.A template for power of attorney is available at the company’s website www.aspocomp.com/agm.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.The meeting language is Finnish.On the date of the notice to the Annual General Meeting  February 26  2025  the total number of shares and votes in Aspocomp Group Plc. is 6 841 440. The company does not have treasury shares in its possession.In Espoo  February 26  2025ASPOCOMP GROUP PLC.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSFor further information  please contact Manu Skyttä  CEO tel. +358 400 999 822  manu.skytta(at)aspocomp.com.ASPOCOMP GROUP PLC.Manu SkyttäCEOAspocomp – Heart of your TechnologyA printed circuit board (PCB) is used for electrical interconnection and as a component assembly platform in electronic devices. Aspocomp provides PCB technology design  testing and logistics services over the entire lifecycle of a product. The company’s own production and extensive international partner network guarantee cost-effectiveness and reliable deliveries.Aspocomp’s customers are companies that design and manufacture telecommunication systems and equipment  automotive and industrial electronics  and systems for testing semiconductor components for security technology. The company has customers around the world and most of its net sales are generated by exports.Aspocomp is headquartered in Espoo and its plant is in Oulu  one of Finland’s major technology hubs.www.aspocomp.comAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Aspocomp Group Plc.', 'Notice', 'Keilaranta 1, 1st floor Auditorium', 'earning-related pension insurance contributions', 'Finnish Corporate Governance Code', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'reasonable travel costs', 'Mr. Anssi Korhonen', 'Mr. Ville Vuori', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'Ms. Jenni Enroth', 'The Nomination Board', 'Aspocomp Group Plc.', ""director nominees' independence"", 'The Remuneration Policy', 'current Remuneration Policy', 'The Board', 'Finnish time', 'independence criteria', 'annual report', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'substantial changes', 'Kaisa Kokkonen', 'current members', 'other members', 'four (4) members', 'new members', 'Remuneration Report', 'fiscal year', 'ending term', 'vice chairman', 'A. MATTERS', 'Board Members', 'year 2024', '9:30 a', '10 a', '9.30 a', 'February', 'Notice', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'address', 'Espoo', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Review', 'CEO', 'company', 'website', 'reports', 'week', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', 'approval', 'nature', 'agm', 'amount', 'office', 'committees', 'number', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'closing', 'consents', 'evaluation']",2025-02-26,2025-02-27,globenewswire.com
49087,Euroclear,Bing API,https://money.usnews.com/investing/news/articles/2025-02-27/ecbs-1-9-trillion-a-day-trade-settlement-system-suffers-communications-glitch,ECB's $1.9 Trillion-A-Day Trade Settlement System Suffers Communications Glitch,LONDON (Reuters) - The European Central Bank reported a communications glitch on Thursday in its securities settlement system  which handles $1.9 trillion a day in transactions  leaving traders and bank risk managers scrambling to figure out the potential impact.,"By Sinead Cruise  Amanda Cooper and Francesco CanepaLONDON/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The European Central Bank said late on Thursday it had fixed an unprecedented outage in its payment system which had left transactions likely worth trillions of euros from companies  consumers and investors up in the air for most of the day.The malfunction of the Target 2 system  used to settle more than 3 trillion euros ($3.12 trillion) of daily payments and financial trades  meant transactions between banks could not go through.While the interruption had not been felt by regular bank customers  it had put a question mark on the transactions between lenders that are completed at the end of the day and underpin the very functioning of the euro zone's economy.After a hiatus that lasted roughly seven hours  the ECB said around 1800 GMT that Target 2 (T2) was functioning normally although all the deadlines to settle the day's payment flows had been postponed by several hours.""The previous incident has been resolved and T2 has resumed normal operations "" the ECB said in a status update on its website.In a statement to Reuters earlier  the ECB said the unprecedented issue had been caused by a ""hardware defect"" and there was no ""malicious (or) foul play"".Banks  which depend on the system to settle their accounts with one another  had been instructed to keep placing their payments in the queue throughout the day as they waited for the outage to be fixed.An emergency channel had remained open for ""very critical payments""  the ECB said.The pan-European TARGET 2 Securities (T2S) platform  which is used to complete trades in cash and securities across 24 depositories such as Euroclear  was also back online after being affected by a glitch in its communication channels.""T2S is operating normally and the previous incident... was resolved "" the ECB said.The cut-off time for Thursday's trade had been pushed back by six hours to 2100 GMT.Trading sources said communications had been disrupted and the status of trades since the outage was reported remained unclear.The problem affected critical communications between central securities depositories (CSDs)  the basic plumbing of financial markets.Sponsored Bank AccountsMarket participants usually communicate with T2S via their CSD or central bank.Michael Thomas  a partner at Hogan Lovells’ financial services team and market structure expert  said the episode could have a wide variety of consequences.""Where there are chains of transactions  where each leg is dependent on settlement of each other leg  a break in the chain can affect the whole series of transactions "" he said.""The longer the delay  the greater the impact on liquidity in the financial system  where cash cannot be realised because securities transactions are not able to settle  meaning that cash is not available for other purposes "" he said.According to the ECB's website  any issues with the T2S system in the past couple of years have typically been resolved quickly. Thursday's outage was reported at 0730 GMT and was only resolved at around 1700 GMT.European stock  currency and bond markets appeared to have traded normally  according to LSEG data.Settlement on trades takes two working days  which might mean disruption may not show up until early next week.Central counterparties  or clearing houses  ensure that a stock  bond or derivatives transaction is completed. The final leg of a trade  known as settlement  is conducted by the CSDs.One CSD  Clearstream  said on its website that settlement of euro securities would be delayed. Others including Euroclear did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Reuters.A person familiar with the matter said some Euroclear clients might see delays in the processing of their transactions.($1 = 0.9607 euros)(Additional reporting by Lucy Raitano and Samuel Indyk in London and Lefteris Papadimas in Athens; writing by John O'Donnell; Editing by Harry Robertson  Peter Graff  Kevin Liffey  Alexandra Hudson  Philippa Fletcher and Nia Williams)",negative,0.0,0.38,0.61,mixed,0.1,0.21,0.69,True,English,"['$1.9 Trillion-A-Day Trade Settlement System Suffers Communications Glitch', 'ECB', 'The European Central Bank', 'regular bank customers', 'two working days', 'early next week', ""John O'Donnell"", 'market structure expert', 'six hours to', 'financial services team', 'Sponsored Bank Accounts', 'pan-European TARGET 2 Securities', 'central securities depositories', 'European stock', 'Central counterparties', 'Market participants', 'seven hours', 'several hours', 'financial markets', 'euro securities', 'financial system', 'Sinead Cruise', 'Amanda Cooper', 'Francesco Canepa', 'question mark', 'euro zone', 'payment flows', 'previous incident', 'normal operations', 'unprecedented issue', 'hardware defect', 'foul play', 'emergency channel', 'communication channels', 'cut-off time', 'Trading sources', 'basic plumbing', 'Michael Thomas', 'Hogan Lovells', 'wide variety', 'other purposes', 'past couple', 'bond markets', 'LSEG data', 'clearing houses', 'stock, bond', 'derivatives transaction', 'Additional reporting', 'Lucy Raitano', 'Samuel Indyk', 'Lefteris Papadimas', 'Harry Robertson', 'Peter Graff', 'Kevin Liffey', 'Alexandra Hudson', 'Philippa Fletcher', 'Nia Williams', 'payment system', 'Target 2 system', 'daily payments', 'critical payments', 'other leg', 'final leg', 'financial trades', 'status update', 'T2S) platform', 'critical communications', 'One CSD', 'securities transactions', '3 trillion euros', 'Euroclear clients', 'T2S system', 'unprecedented outage', '24 depositories', '0.9607 euros', 'LONDON/FRANKFURT', 'Reuters', 'Thursday', 'trillions', 'companies', 'consumers', 'investors', 'air', 'malfunction', 'banks', 'interruption', 'lenders', 'functioning', 'economy', 'hiatus', 'ECB', '1800 GMT', 'deadlines', 'website', 'statement', 'malicious', 'queue', 'cash', 'glitch', '2100 GMT', 'problem', 'CSDs', 'partner', 'episode', 'consequences', 'chains', 'settlement', 'break', 'series', 'delay', 'impact', 'liquidity', 'issues', 'years', '0730 GMT', '1700 GMT', 'currency', 'disruption', 'Clearstream', 'Others', 'request', 'comment', 'person', 'matter', 'processing', 'Athens', 'Editing']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,money.usnews.com
49088,Euroclear,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1109255596/SKF-Notice-Of-Annual-General-Meeting,SKF: Notice Of Annual General Meeting,"SKF's web-based annual report in English will be made public on 7 March 2025. Proxy forms will be available at the company's website    and may also be requested by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2025 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 31-337 25 50.","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 27  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held at Radisson Blu Scandinavia Hotel  Södra Hamngatan 59  Gothenburg  Sweden  at 14.00 on Tuesday  1 April 2025. The doors are open from 13.00. Light refreshments will be served prior to the Annual General Meeting between 13.00 and 14.00.A summary of the President's address will be available at the company's website    after the Annual General Meeting.Preconditions for participationA. who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday  24 March 2025  and notify its intention to participate by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below so that the postal voting is received by Computershare AB no later than Wednesday  26 March 2025.B. Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy in the meeting room mustbe recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday  24 March 2025  andnotify the company of its intention to participate no later than Wednesday  26 March 2025 via the company's website    orby phone +46 31 337 25 50 (weekdays between 09.00 and 16.00)  orvia e-mail to [email protected] (use ""AGM 2025 of AB SKF"" as subject)  or by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2025 of AB SKF""  Gustav III:s Boulevard 34  SE- 169 73 Solna  Sweden.When notifying the company include details of name  address  telephone number  social security number and number of advisors  if any.To be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the shareholder's register as per Monday  24 March 2025. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than Wednesday 26 March 2025 are taken into account when preparing the shareholder's register.Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend in person in the meeting room  in person or by proxy  must notify its intention in accordance with B) above. This means that notice by postal voting only is not enough for anyone who wishes to attend in the meeting room.Where representation is being made by proxy  the proxy form shall be sent to the company to the above address or by e-mail to [email protected] before the Annual General Meeting. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document of authority shall be enclosed.Postal votingA special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website  .The completed and signed voting form must be received by SKF through Computershare AB no later than Wednesday  26 March 2025. Shareholders may cast their postal votes electronically through Swedish BankID verification via SKF's website . The form may also be submitted by post to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2025 of AB SKF""  Gustav III:s Boulevard 34  SE- 169 73 Solna or via e-mail to [email protected] . Shareholders who are represented by a proxy holder shall submit a proxy form enclosed to the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document of authority shall be enclosed to the form.Shareholders are not permitted to add special instructions or conditions to their postal votes. If this is done  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.For questions about the meeting or to have the postal voting form sent by post  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 31-337 25 50 or via e-mail to [email protected] .AgendaProposal under item 10The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.75 per share. It is proposed that shareholders with holdings recorded on Thursday  3 April 2025 be entitled to receive the proposed dividend. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  it is expected that Euroclear will distribute the dividend on Tuesday  8 April 2025.Proposals under items 2  12  13  14  15  17  18 and 19The Nomination Committee formed according to a resolution of the Annual General Meeting 2020 to represent all shareholders of the company consists of  besides the Chair of the Board of Directors  members elected by FAM  Cevian Capital  AFA Försäkring and Skandia  shareholders who together represent around 40% of the total number of votes in the company. The Nomination Committee proposes the following:Item 2 - that advokat Erik Sjöman is elected Chair of the Annual General Meeting;Item 12 - that the Board of Directors shall consist of eleven members and no deputy members; Item 13 - that the Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting and not employed by the company  for the period up to the end of the next Annual General Meeting  receive a fee according to the following:The Nomination Committee proposes that 30 percent of the above Board fee (excluding the Committee fees) should be converted and consist of a variable Board fee (so-called synthetic shares). The purpose is to strengthen the connection between the Board and the shareholders  and the possibility for the Board members to influence the size of the Board fee through the company's value development. A synthetic share refers to a non-transferable right to  four years after the Board election  receive payment of an amount based on the stock price at the time of payment of a Series B share in the company. The payment amount is determined based on the average stock price of the Series B share during the five trading days immediately following the publication of the quarterly report for the first quarter 2029. Proposed complete terms for the variable Board fee (synthetic shares) 2025 are available on the company's website   among the Board's complete proposals.The Nomination Committee proposes that a special meeting fee be paid to Board members residing outside Sweden for travel to a physical Board meeting in Sweden  of EUR 2 000 for travel within Europe and EUR 5 000 for intercontinental travel  as compensation for time spent. For travel to physical board meetings outside of Sweden  it is proposed that the aforementioned meeting fees also apply to Board members residing in Sweden.Item 14 – that Hans Stråberg  Hock Goh  Geert Follens  Håkan Buskhe  Susanna Schneeberger  Rickard Gustafson  Beth Ferreira  Therese Friberg  Richard Nilsson and Niko Pakalén are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. It is proposed that Mats Rahmström is newly elected.Item 15 – that Hans Stråberg is re-elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.A presentation of the proposed Board can be found at the company's website .Item 17 – that  which under item 16 is proposed to be the rule of the Articles of Association  one auditor without deputy auditor shall be appointed;Item 18 – that the auditor is paid for work performed according to approved invoice; and; Item 19 – that  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation and the Nomination Committee's proposal  the registered firm of auditors Deloitte AB is appointed as auditor for a period of one year until the close of the Annual General Meeting 2026.Proposal under item 16The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to amend the Articles of Association to adjust the term of office for the appointed auditor through adjustments to § 9. Furthermore  a number of minor  primarily editorial  amendments are proposed  to modernize the Articles of Association and to reflect certain legislative changes. Among the proposed amendments is the exclusion of the possibility to appoint Board deputies  since the Swedish Corporate Governance Code states that deputies for directors elected by the shareholders' meeting are not to be appointed. All proposed changes are outlined in the proposal for the new Articles of Association  which is available on the company's website    among the Board's complete proposals.Proposal under item 20The Board of Directors has prepared a Remuneration report which is presented and proposed to be approved by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the company's website  .Proposal under item 21The main contents of the Board of Directors' proposal are stated below. The complete proposal is available at the company's website  .At the Annual General Meeting in 2008 the SKF Group introduced a long-term performance share programme for senior managers and key employees. Since then  the Annual General Meeting has resolved each year upon a performance share programme.The Board proposes – in order to continue to link the long-term interests of the participants and the shareholders  strengthening the SKF Group's ability to attract and retain the best people and to contribute to the SKF Group's business strategy  its long-term interests and sustainability – that a decision be taken at the Annual General Meeting 2025 on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2025.The programme is proposed to cover senior managers and key employees in the SKF Group with an opportunity to be allotted  free of charge  SKF B shares in accordance with the following principal terms and guidelines. Under the programme  not more than in total 1 000 000 SKF B shares may be allotted.The allotment of shares shall be related to the level of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target  as defined by the Board  and SKF's CDP Climate Change score target. The TVA performance measure is weighted 80% and the CDP Climate Change score performance measure is weighted 20%.TVA performance measureTVA is a simplified  economic value-added model promoting greater operating profit  capital efficiency and profitable growth. TVA is the operating profit  less the pre-tax cost of capital.Over the three-year programme period (2025-2027)  the TVA performance target range is set annually by the Board against the baseline of the actual TVA achieved in the previous year. The overall performance achievement for the TVA performance measure of the programme is the average of achievements of the annual TVA targets. In order for allocation of shares to take place  the average TVA development must exceed a certain minimum level (the threshold level). In addition to the threshold level  a target level is set. Maximum allotment is awarded if the target level is reached or exceeded. By way of example  if the TVA achievement year 1 is 80%  year 2 is 100% and year 3 is 0%  the overall performance achievement of the programme would then be 60% (80%+100%+0% / 3).CDP Climate Change score performance measureCDP is a global non-profit organization known for its assessments and scoring methodology to evaluate companies' disclosure and performance relating to climate change and environmental impact. The CDP Climate Change score is based on an extensive questionnaire requiring disclosure and performance in the following categories: Business strategy  Financial planning & scenario analysis  Emissions reduction initiatives  Energy  Governance  Opportunity disclosure  Risk disclosure  Risk management processes  Scope 1 & 2 emissions  Scope 3 emissions  Targets and Value chain engagement.This comprehensive assessment and the resulting score is known across the investor and customer communities as a credible third-party view on companies' approaches to climate change. The score ranges from A (leadership level) to D- (disclosure level). SKF received an A- score in 2024. The score is set annually  and the bar is raised every year  reflecting increasing stakeholder expectations. SKF's performance achievement and CDP score will therefore require continuous improvements.The overall performance achievement for the CDP Climate Change score is the weighted average of the annual performance achievement  based on the following criteria:",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'SKF', 'Notice', 'Radisson Blu Scandinavia Hotel', 'AFA Försäkring', 'Södra Hamngatan', 'Swedish BankID verification', 'Erik Sjöman', 'Annual General Meeting', 'social security number', 'The Nomination Committee', 'voting right registration', 'postal voting form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'meeting room', 'Such registration', 'right registrations', 'Computershare AB', 'Light refreshments', 'Gustav III', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'The Board', 'Cevian Capital', 'total number', 'special form', 'AB SKF', 'postal vote', 'Aktiebolaget SKF', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'telephone number', 'proxy holder', 'participation A.', 'proxy form', 'B. Shareholders', ""shareholders' register"", 'Wednesday 26 March', 'votes', '24 March', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'Notice', 'Tuesday', '1 April', 'doors', 'summary', 'President', 'address', 'company', 'website', 'Preconditions', 'Monday', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'person', 'weekdays', 'mail', 'AGM', 'subject', 'letter', '73 Solna', 'details', 'name', 'advisors', 'shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 'notification', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'representation', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'authority', 'entirety', 'questions', 'Agenda', 'Proposal', 'item', 'Directors', 'dividend', 'SEK', 'holdings', 'Thursday', 'resolution', 'Chair', 'members', 'FAM', 'Skandia', 'advokat', '13.', '0']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,menafn.com
49089,Euroclear,Bing API,https://fintechnews.ch/belgium/euroclear-and-digital-asset-launch-tokenised-collateral-initiative/74834/,Euroclear and Digital Asset Launch Tokenised Collateral Initiative,Euroclear and Digital Asset launch the first phase of a tokenised collateral mobility initiative using the Canton Network.,Free Newsletter Get the hottest Fintech Switzerland News once a month in your InboxDigital Asset  a US-based blockchain technology firm  and Euroclear  a Brussels-based provider of post-trade services  have launched the first phase of a tokenised collateral mobility initiative for the Canton Global Collateral Network (GCN).This phase  conducted with a consultancy firm  will assess how Euroclear’s collateral management expertise can be applied to digital and crypto markets using the Canton Network  a blockchain designed for financial markets requiring privacy  scalability  and interoperability.The initiative aims to enable the regulated exchange of digital assets and cash as collateral.Euroclear and Digital Asset have noted increasing demand for on-chain collateral and margin management solutions.Financial institutions are seeking efficient ways to mobilise assets while maintaining privacy and control.This phase will involve industry participants in defining a strategic roadmap  focusing on how tokenised collateral mobility could improve market efficiency and how collateral management for crypto derivatives could support continuous trading and settlement.“Euroclear has long been a trusted partner in the global collateral ecosystem  delivering efficient and resilient post-trade services ”said Marije Verhelst  Head of Product Strategy and Development  Collateral Management and Securities Lending at Euroclear.“We are now exploring how our expertise can be extended into tokenised assets and digital collateral solutions.”Kelly Mathieson  Chief Business Development Officer at Digital Asset  stated “The Global Collateral Network could enable real-time  compliant  and interoperable asset mobility across traditional finance and digital markets.”As the Canton Network gains adoption in regulated financial markets  this collaboration reflects growing institutional interest in digital asset technologies.Featured image credit: edited from freepik,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Tokenised Collateral Initiative', 'Digital Asset', 'Euroclear', 'hottest Fintech Switzerland News', 'Chief Business Development Officer', 'US-based blockchain technology firm', 'The Global Collateral Network', 'Canton Global Collateral Network', 'tokenised collateral mobility initiative', 'global collateral ecosystem', 'growing institutional interest', 'Featured image credit', 'interoperable asset mobility', 'margin management solutions', 'resilient post-trade services', 'digital collateral solutions', 'digital asset technologies', 'collateral management expertise', 'regulated financial markets', 'Canton Network', 'consultancy firm', 'chain collateral', 'tokenised assets', 'regulated exchange', 'digital markets', 'Financial institutions', 'crypto markets', 'Free Newsletter', 'Brussels-based provider', 'increasing demand', 'industry participants', 'strategic roadmap', 'market efficiency', 'crypto derivatives', 'continuous trading', 'trusted partner', 'Marije Verhelst', 'Product Strategy', 'Securities Lending', 'Kelly Mathieson', 'traditional finance', 'digital assets', 'efficient ways', 'first phase', 'Inbox', 'Euroclear', 'GCN', 'privacy', 'scalability', 'interoperability', 'cash', 'control', 'settlement', 'Head', 'adoption', 'collaboration', 'freepik']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,fintechnews.ch
49090,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/45572/euroclear-and-digital-asset-team-on-tokenised-collateral-mobility,Euroclear and Digital Asset team on tokenised collateral mobility,Post trade body Euroclear and blockchain firm Digital Asset have launched the first phase of the tokenised collateral mobility initiative for the Canton Global Collateral Network (GCN).,"Post trade body Euroclear and blockchain firm Digital Asset have launched the first phase of the tokenised collateral mobility initiative for the Canton Global Collateral Network (GCN).2This content has been selected  created and edited by the Finextra editorial team based upon its relevance and interest to our community.Set up by Digital Asset with participation from financial institutions  infrastructure providers and technology firms  the Canton Network is a privacy-enabled interoperable blockchain network designed for institutional assets.The first phase of the Euroclear initiative will aim to define how Euroclear’s decades of collateral management expertise could be applied to the digital and crypto markets using the Canton Network.Specifically  the pair aim to bringing industry participants to develop a roadmap for how tokenised collateral mobility could enhance efficiency across global markets  and how crypto derivatives collateral and margin management services could meet the interest of 24/7 trading and settlement.Kelly Mathieson  chief business development officer  Digital Asset  says: ""The Global Collateral Network has the potential to revolutionise collateral management by enabling real-time  compliant  and interoperable asset mobility across both traditional finance and digital markets.""This is a significant step toward unlocking the full potential of tokenisation across new crypto capital markets.""Last year  Euroclear  Digital Asset and the World Gold Council completed a gold tokenisation pilot.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Digital Asset team', 'collateral mobility', 'Euroclear', 'tokenised', 'chief business development officer', 'Post trade body Euroclear', 'privacy-enabled interoperable blockchain network', 'The Global Collateral Network', 'new crypto capital markets', 'Canton Global Collateral Network', 'Finextra editorial team', 'crypto derivatives collateral', 'World Gold Council', 'collateral management expertise', 'margin management services', 'interoperable asset mobility', 'collateral mobility initiative', 'gold tokenisation pilot', 'Canton Network', 'global markets', 'crypto markets', 'blockchain firm', 'Euroclear initiative', 'digital markets', 'Digital Asset', 'first phase', 'financial institutions', 'infrastructure providers', 'technology firms', 'institutional assets', 'industry participants', '24/7 trading', 'Kelly Mathieson', 'traditional finance', 'significant step', 'full potential', 'GCN', 'content', 'relevance', 'interest', 'community', 'participation', 'decades', 'pair', 'roadmap', 'efficiency', 'settlement']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,finextra.com
49091,Clearstream,Bing API,https://money.usnews.com/investing/news/articles/2025-02-27/ecbs-1-9-trillion-a-day-trade-settlement-system-suffers-communications-glitch,ECB's $1.9 Trillion-A-Day Trade Settlement System Suffers Communications Glitch,LONDON (Reuters) - The European Central Bank reported a communications glitch on Thursday in its securities settlement system  which handles $1.9 trillion a day in transactions  leaving traders and bank risk managers scrambling to figure out the potential impact.,"By Sinead Cruise  Amanda Cooper and Francesco CanepaLONDON/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The European Central Bank said late on Thursday it had fixed an unprecedented outage in its payment system which had left transactions likely worth trillions of euros from companies  consumers and investors up in the air for most of the day.The malfunction of the Target 2 system  used to settle more than 3 trillion euros ($3.12 trillion) of daily payments and financial trades  meant transactions between banks could not go through.While the interruption had not been felt by regular bank customers  it had put a question mark on the transactions between lenders that are completed at the end of the day and underpin the very functioning of the euro zone's economy.After a hiatus that lasted roughly seven hours  the ECB said around 1800 GMT that Target 2 (T2) was functioning normally although all the deadlines to settle the day's payment flows had been postponed by several hours.""The previous incident has been resolved and T2 has resumed normal operations "" the ECB said in a status update on its website.In a statement to Reuters earlier  the ECB said the unprecedented issue had been caused by a ""hardware defect"" and there was no ""malicious (or) foul play"".Banks  which depend on the system to settle their accounts with one another  had been instructed to keep placing their payments in the queue throughout the day as they waited for the outage to be fixed.An emergency channel had remained open for ""very critical payments""  the ECB said.The pan-European TARGET 2 Securities (T2S) platform  which is used to complete trades in cash and securities across 24 depositories such as Euroclear  was also back online after being affected by a glitch in its communication channels.""T2S is operating normally and the previous incident... was resolved "" the ECB said.The cut-off time for Thursday's trade had been pushed back by six hours to 2100 GMT.Trading sources said communications had been disrupted and the status of trades since the outage was reported remained unclear.The problem affected critical communications between central securities depositories (CSDs)  the basic plumbing of financial markets.Sponsored Bank AccountsMarket participants usually communicate with T2S via their CSD or central bank.Michael Thomas  a partner at Hogan Lovells’ financial services team and market structure expert  said the episode could have a wide variety of consequences.""Where there are chains of transactions  where each leg is dependent on settlement of each other leg  a break in the chain can affect the whole series of transactions "" he said.""The longer the delay  the greater the impact on liquidity in the financial system  where cash cannot be realised because securities transactions are not able to settle  meaning that cash is not available for other purposes "" he said.According to the ECB's website  any issues with the T2S system in the past couple of years have typically been resolved quickly. Thursday's outage was reported at 0730 GMT and was only resolved at around 1700 GMT.European stock  currency and bond markets appeared to have traded normally  according to LSEG data.Settlement on trades takes two working days  which might mean disruption may not show up until early next week.Central counterparties  or clearing houses  ensure that a stock  bond or derivatives transaction is completed. The final leg of a trade  known as settlement  is conducted by the CSDs.One CSD  Clearstream  said on its website that settlement of euro securities would be delayed. Others including Euroclear did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Reuters.A person familiar with the matter said some Euroclear clients might see delays in the processing of their transactions.($1 = 0.9607 euros)(Additional reporting by Lucy Raitano and Samuel Indyk in London and Lefteris Papadimas in Athens; writing by John O'Donnell; Editing by Harry Robertson  Peter Graff  Kevin Liffey  Alexandra Hudson  Philippa Fletcher and Nia Williams)",negative,0.0,0.38,0.61,mixed,0.1,0.21,0.69,True,English,"['$1.9 Trillion-A-Day Trade Settlement System Suffers Communications Glitch', 'ECB', 'The European Central Bank', 'regular bank customers', 'two working days', 'early next week', ""John O'Donnell"", 'market structure expert', 'six hours to', 'financial services team', 'Sponsored Bank Accounts', 'pan-European TARGET 2 Securities', 'central securities depositories', 'European stock', 'Central counterparties', 'Market participants', 'seven hours', 'several hours', 'financial markets', 'euro securities', 'financial system', 'Sinead Cruise', 'Amanda Cooper', 'Francesco Canepa', 'question mark', 'euro zone', 'payment flows', 'previous incident', 'normal operations', 'unprecedented issue', 'hardware defect', 'foul play', 'emergency channel', 'communication channels', 'cut-off time', 'Trading sources', 'basic plumbing', 'Michael Thomas', 'Hogan Lovells', 'wide variety', 'other purposes', 'past couple', 'bond markets', 'LSEG data', 'clearing houses', 'stock, bond', 'derivatives transaction', 'Additional reporting', 'Lucy Raitano', 'Samuel Indyk', 'Lefteris Papadimas', 'Harry Robertson', 'Peter Graff', 'Kevin Liffey', 'Alexandra Hudson', 'Philippa Fletcher', 'Nia Williams', 'payment system', 'Target 2 system', 'daily payments', 'critical payments', 'other leg', 'final leg', 'financial trades', 'status update', 'T2S) platform', 'critical communications', 'One CSD', 'securities transactions', '3 trillion euros', 'Euroclear clients', 'T2S system', 'unprecedented outage', '24 depositories', '0.9607 euros', 'LONDON/FRANKFURT', 'Reuters', 'Thursday', 'trillions', 'companies', 'consumers', 'investors', 'air', 'malfunction', 'banks', 'interruption', 'lenders', 'functioning', 'economy', 'hiatus', 'ECB', '1800 GMT', 'deadlines', 'website', 'statement', 'malicious', 'queue', 'cash', 'glitch', '2100 GMT', 'problem', 'CSDs', 'partner', 'episode', 'consequences', 'chains', 'settlement', 'break', 'series', 'delay', 'impact', 'liquidity', 'issues', 'years', '0730 GMT', '1700 GMT', 'currency', 'disruption', 'Clearstream', 'Others', 'request', 'comment', 'person', 'matter', 'processing', 'Athens', 'Editing']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,money.usnews.com
49092,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.aktiencheck.de/news/Artikel-Deutsche_Telekom_Stock_Soars_On_Strong_Customer_Growth-18243494,Deutsche Telekom Stock: Soars On Strong Customer Growth (),Deutsche Telekom has demonstrated remarkable success in 2024  significantly outpacing competitors in the German mobile market by adding 1.18 million new contract customers. This impressive performance dwarfs the gains of rivals ,"Weitere Suchergebnisse zu ""Deutsche Telekom AG"":Deutsche Telekom has demonstrated remarkable success in 2024  significantly outpacing competitors in the German mobile market by adding 1.18 million new contract customers. This impressive performance dwarfs the gains of rivals  with O2 securing 824 000 new customers  1&1 adding 130 000  and Vodafone trailing with just 63 000 new contracts. The company's stock has responded favorably  reaching approximately €35 - its highest level since 2001 - representing a 21% increase for the year. In its fourth quarter  Deutsche Telekom exceeded analyst expectations with revenues climbing 5.3% to €30.93 billion against forecasted €30.7 billion. The adjusted group earnings reached €2.35 billion  substantially surpassing both the previous year's €1.83 billion and market projections of €2.13 billion.Growth Outlook Remains Positive Despite ChallengesAnzeigeSollten Anleger sofort verkaufen? Oder lohnt sich doch der Einstieg bei Deutsche Telekom ?Looking ahead to 2025  Deutsche Telekom maintains an optimistic outlook despite experiencing some temporary profit-taking following its annual report publication. The company plans to increase its dividend to a record €0.90 per share and projects a 4.5% rise in adjusted EBITDA AL to €44.9 billion. Free cash flow is expected to grow by approximately 4.0% to €19.9 billion  with adjusted earnings per share anticipated to increase by about 4% to €2.00. Analysts value the stock at an average of €38.21  suggesting further upside potential. The company's strategic partnerships  including a recent commercial agreement with Nokia to enhance network security features  position Deutsche Telekom to continue its upward trajectory  largely driven by its successful T-Mobile US subsidiary  in which it now holds a 51.5% stake.AdFresh Deutsche Telekom information released. What's the impact for investors? Our latest independent report examines recent figures and market trends.",neutral,0.2,0.79,0.01,positive,0.64,0.35,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Telekom Stock', 'Strong Customer Growth', 'successful T-Mobile US subsidiary', '1.18 million new contract customers', 'Fresh Deutsche Telekom information', 'annual report publication', 'Free cash flow', 'network security features', 'latest independent report', 'recent commercial agreement', 'German mobile market', 'Deutsche Telekom AG', '824,000 new customers', '63,000 new contracts', 'recent figures', 'market projections', 'market trends', 'Weitere Suchergebnisse', 'remarkable success', 'impressive performance', 'highest level', 'fourth quarter', 'analyst expectations', 'group earnings', 'Growth Outlook', 'Challenges Anzeige', 'optimistic outlook', 'temporary profit-taking', 'adjusted earnings', 'upside potential', 'strategic partnerships', 'upward trajectory', 'previous year', 'competitors', 'gains', 'rivals', 'O2', 'Vodafone', 'company', 'stock', '21% increase', 'revenues', 'Anleger', 'Einstieg', 'dividend', 'record', 'share', '4.5% rise', 'EBITDA', 'Analysts', 'average', 'Nokia', '51.5% stake', 'impact', 'investors']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,aktiencheck.de
49093,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2025-02-27/eckert-ziegler-enters-strategic-partnership-with-bicycle-therapeutics-for-radioisotope-supply-and,Eckert & Ziegler Enters Strategic Partnership with Bicycle Therapeutics for Radioisotope Supply and Contract Development and Manufacturing of Bicycle Radio Conjugates,Alliance/AgreementEckert & Ziegler Enters Strategic Partnership with Bicycle Therapeutics for Radioisotope Supply and Contract Development and Manufacturing of Bicycle Radio Conjugates 27.02.2025 / 15:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible,EQS-News: Eckert & Ziegler SE / Key word(s): Alliance/AgreementEckert & Ziegler Enters Strategic Partnership with Bicycle Therapeutics for Radioisotope Supply and Contract Development and Manufacturing of Bicycle Radio Conjugates27.02.2025 / 15:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Berlin  Germany  27 February 2025. Eckert & Ziegler SE (ISIN DE0005659700  TecDAX)  a leading provider of isotope technology for medical  scientific  and industrial use  today announced a comprehensive strategic partnership with Bicycle Therapeutics (NASDAQ: BCYC)  a pharmaceutical company pioneering a new and differentiated class of therapeutics based on its proprietary bicyclic peptide (Bicycle®) technology. Under the agreement  Eckert & Ziegler will supply various radioisotopes and will develop as well as manufacture Bicycle Therapeutics’ radiopharmaceutical molecules  called Bicycle® Radio Conjugates (BRC® molecules).Bicycle Therapeutics’ proprietary molecules  known for their small size and unique structure  are designed to precisely and selectively deliver a range of therapeutic payloads to their chosen targets  engage targets previously considered inaccessible by conventional therapeutic approaches and therefore address significant unmet medical needs in patients. Eckert & Ziegler's state-of-the-art GMP facility in Berlin will play a key role in ensuring the high-quality manufacture and reliable supply of Bicycle Therapeutics’ BRC molecules for clinical trials.“We are delighted to enter into such a comprehensive partnership with Bicycle Therapeutics  whose innovative science is being used to develop promising radiopharmaceutical molecules ” said Dr. Harald Hasselmann  CEO of Eckert & Ziegler. “Together  we aim to advance the future of radiopharmaceuticals by combining our CDMO and isotopes expertise with Bicycle Therapeutics’ cutting-edge technology.”“With Eckert & Ziegler  we have found a leading and reliable industry partner with extensive expertise in the development and GMP-compliant manufacturing of radiopharmaceuticals ” said Mike Hannay  D.Sc.  FRPharmS  Chief Product and Supply Chain Officer of Bicycle Therapeutics. “Eckert & Ziegler’s advanced capabilities and global reach make them the ideal partner to manufacture BRC molecules as we plan to initiate our first radiopharmaceutical clinical trial next year and continue to seek to leverage the power of our technology platform in areas where we can have the most impact for patients.”About Eckert & ZieglerEckert & Ziegler SE  with more than 1 000 employees  is a leading specialist in isotope-related components for nuclear medicine and radiation therapy. The company offers a broad range of services and products for the radiopharmaceutical industry  from early development work to contract manufacturing and distribution. Eckert & Ziegler shares (ISIN DE0005659700) are listed in the TecDAX index of Deutsche Börse.Contributing to saving lives.ContactEckert & Ziegler SERobert-Rössle-Str. 10  13125 Berlin  GermanyJan Schöpflin  Marketing / Karolin Riehle  Investor Relationsjan.schoepflin@ezag.com / karolin.riehle@ezag.comTel.: +49 (0) 30 / 94 10 84-138; www.ezag.com27.02.2025 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Bicycle Radio Conjugates', 'Bicycle Therapeutics', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Radioisotope Supply', 'Contract Development', 'Eckert', 'Ziegler', 'Manufacturing', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'first radiopharmaceutical clinical trial', 'Bicycle Therapeutics’ proprietary molecules', 'Bicycle Therapeutics’ radiopharmaceutical molecules', 'Bicycle Therapeutics’ cutting-edge technology', 'Bicycle Therapeutics’ BRC molecules', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'proprietary bicyclic peptide', 'promising radiopharmaceutical molecules', 'Dr. Harald Hasselmann', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Jan Schöpflin', 'Investor Relations jan', 'Bicycle Radio Conjugates', 'Key word(s', 'conventional therapeutic approaches', 'Supply Chain Officer', 'early development work', 'reliable industry partner', 'comprehensive strategic partnership', 'BRC® molecules', 'radiopharmaceutical industry', 'clinical trials', 'reliable supply', 'comprehensive partnership', 'therapeutic payloads', 'key role', 'ideal partner', 'Radioisotope Supply', 'isotope technology', 'technology platform', 'EQS News', 'EQS Group', 'Contract Development', 'industrial use', 'NASDAQ: BCYC', 'differentiated class', 'various radioisotopes', 'small size', 'unique structure', 'GMP facility', 'high-quality manufacture', 'innovative science', 'isotopes expertise', 'extensive expertise', 'Mike Hannay', 'D.Sc.', 'Chief Product', 'advanced capabilities', 'global reach', 'isotope-related components', 'nuclear medicine', 'radiation therapy', 'Robert-Rössle-Str.', 'Karolin Riehle', 'karolin.riehle', 'Corporate News', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'leading provider', 'leading specialist', 'Ziegler SE', 'pharmaceutical company', 'broad range', 'Ziegler shares', 'TecDAX index', 'CEST Dissemination', 'GMP-compliant manufacturing', 'Bicycle®', 'Ziegler Eckert', 'EQS-News', 'Alliance/Agreement', '15:00 CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'Berlin', 'Germany', '27 February', 'targets', 'patients', 'CEO', 'future', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'CDMO', 'FRPharmS', 'power', 'areas', 'impact', '1,000 employees', 'products', 'lives', 'Contact', 'Marketing', 'schoepflin', 'ezag', 'Tel.', 'Archive', '49', '30']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,pharmiweb.com
49094,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/global-car-stocks-weaken-trump-095155537.html,Global car stocks weaken as Trump renews threat of tariffs against the EU,Trump's latest EU tariff threats have significantly contributed to escalating global trade tensions  as the US president also plans to levy tariffs on key trading partners such as Canada and Mexico.Vi,"US president Donald Trump revealed in a cabinet meeting on Wednesday that he is planning to impose 25% tariffs on goods imported into the US from the bloc.Trump said: ""We'll be announcing it very soon. It'll be 25% generally speaking and that will be on cars and all other things. ... The European Union was formed to screw the United States - that's the purpose of it and they've done a good job of it. But now I'm president.""European stocks were lacklustre on Thursday morning following the update. The STOXX 600 index dropped 0.7% as the market opened  Germany's DAX 40 index also fell  by 0.6% - and France's CAC 40 index declined 0.6%. Britain's FTSE 100 was mostly flat as the market opened on Thursday.Luxury car market shares stallUS stocks followed a similar trend  with the S&P 500 trading flat at close on Wednesday  and the Dow Jones Industrial Average also down 0.4% at closing time on Wednesday.Luxury car stocks were also dampened on Thursday morning  with BMW dropping 2.6%  as per the Deutsche Börse Xetra index  and Porsche decreasing 2.4%  according to the same index. Tesla's share price saw a more marked plunge on Thursday morning  starting the day 4% lower on the NASDAQ index.Ferrari was 4.9% down at market close on Wednesday evening too  according to the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Mercedes-Benz's share price inched lower  by 1.6% on Thursday morning  as per the Deutsche Börse Xetra index as well.The weaker trend affected other car companies as well  with Volkswagen down 1.5% on Thursday morning  according to the Deutsche Börse Xetra index. Volvo Car AB lost 3.5% too on Thursday morning  according to the German GETTEX index. Stellantis was down 1.1% in pre-market trading on Thursday morning  as per the New York Stock Exchange. On the other hand  Ford Motor Company was up 0.5% in pre-market trading on the New York Stock Exchange.Global challenges remainThe global car industry is already facing a number of challenges such as supply chain shortages  partly caused by the lingering effects of the pandemic  as well as labour shortages. Rapidly changing regulations in important markets such as the EU and US have made matters worse and eroded profit margins.Weaker worldwide demand  primarily caused by ongoing geopolitical and economic uncertainty  has further dampened sales  with consumers often hesitant to make big purchases with interest rates and inflation still high in several parts of the world.The car industry is also especially vulnerable to escalations in trade tensions between the EU and China  after the former implemented higher tariffs on imports of electric vehicles from China into the bloc. This has led to increasing fears of German and US car companies facing retaliatory tariffs from China  which could potentially impact perks such as cheaper land and tax breaks.Story continues",neutral,0.01,0.55,0.45,mixed,0.06,0.19,0.74,True,English,"['Global car stocks', 'Trump', 'threat', 'tariffs', 'EU', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra index', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Luxury car market shares', 'US president Donald Trump', 'Volvo Car AB', 'Ford Motor Company', 'Luxury car stocks', 'supply chain shortages', 'Weaker worldwide demand', 'other car companies', 'US car companies', 'German GETTEX index', 'global car industry', 'The European Union', 'STOXX 600 index', 'DAX 40 index', 'CAC 40 index', 'same index', 'NASDAQ index', 'European stocks', 'US stocks', 'weaker trend', 'labour shortages', 'other things', 'other hand', 'cabinet meeting', 'United States', 'good job', 'similar trend', 'S&P 500', 'closing time', 'share price', 'marked plunge', 'pre-market trading', 'Global challenges', 'lingering effects', 'important markets', 'profit margins', 'ongoing geopolitical', 'economic uncertainty', 'big purchases', 'interest rates', 'several parts', 'trade tensions', 'electric vehicles', 'cheaper land', 'tax breaks', 'Thursday morning', 'higher tariffs', 'retaliatory tariffs', 'Wednesday evening', '25% tariffs', 'goods', 'bloc', 'cars', 'purpose', 'update', 'Germany', 'France', 'Britain', 'FTSE 100', 'BMW', 'Porsche', 'Tesla', 'Ferrari', 'NYSE', 'Mercedes-Benz', 'Volkswagen', 'Stellantis', 'number', 'pandemic', 'regulations', 'matters', 'sales', 'consumers', 'inflation', 'escalations', 'China', 'former', 'imports', 'increasing', 'fears', 'perks', 'Story']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,sg.finance.yahoo.com
49095,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.aktiencheck.de/news/Artikel-Deutsche_Post_Stock_Labor_Strikes_Threaten_Amid_Market_Challenges-18239962,Deutsche Post Stock: Labor Strikes Threaten Amid Market Challenges (),Oder lohnt sich doch der Einstieg bei Deutsche Post? Additional challenges loom as the company contends with potential external pressures. Despite these headwinds  the stock showed resilience on Wednesday ,Deutsche Post AG faces significant operational challenges as Verdi union substantially escalated warning strikes in the ongoing wage dispute  calling for nationwide work stoppages at strategically important locations in mail  package  and combined delivery services. This action follows strikes that began earlier in package centers  severely disrupting the logistics chain and causing substantial delays in shipment deliveries. Investors are increasingly concerned that prolonged labor actions could significantly impact the DHL Group's operating results. The gap between negotiating parties remains considerable: Verdi demands a 7% wage increase with a twelve-month term plus additional vacation days  while Deutsche Post offers only a staggered increase totaling 3.8% over 27 months. The fourth round of negotiations is scheduled for next Monday  with analysts closely watching as a quick breakthrough would be crucial for short-term stock performance.External Pressures MountAnzeigeSollten Anleger sofort verkaufen? Oder lohnt sich doch der Einstieg bei Deutsche Post ?Additional challenges loom as the company contends with potential external pressures. Despite these headwinds  the stock showed resilience on Wednesday  gaining 1.7% in XETRA trading to reach €37.96  with trading volume exceeding one million shares. This positive development comes despite ongoing tax investigations in Italy  where authorities are examining alleged violations of tax and labor laws through complex subcontractor arrangements. The Italian subsidiary reportedly paid €46.8 million to authorities for the 2019-2023 period. Looking forward  analysts maintain an average price target of €40.50  with experts forecasting earnings per share of €2.81 for 2024 and a slight dividend increase to €1.86.AdFresh Deutsche Post information released. What's the impact for investors? Our latest independent report examines recent figures and market trends.,negative,0.0,0.38,0.62,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Deutsche Post Stock', 'Labor Strikes', 'Market Challenges', 'External Pressures Mount Anzeige', 'Fresh Deutsche Post information', 'potential external pressures', 'nationwide work stoppages', 'one million shares', 'complex subcontractor arrangements', 'The Italian subsidiary', 'average price target', 'latest independent report', 'Deutsche Post AG', 'significant operational challenges', 'ongoing wage dispute', 'prolonged labor actions', 'additional vacation days', 'slight dividend increase', 'short-term stock performance', 'ongoing tax investigations', 'Additional challenges', '7% wage increase', 'labor laws', 'staggered increase', 'important locations', 'delivery services', 'logistics chain', 'substantial delays', 'shipment deliveries', 'DHL Group', 'operating results', 'negotiating parties', 'twelve-month term', 'fourth round', 'next Monday', 'quick breakthrough', 'XETRA trading', 'trading volume', 'positive development', 'alleged violations', '2019-2023 period', 'recent figures', 'market trends', 'Verdi union', 'warning strikes', 'package centers', 'mail', 'combined', 'Investors', 'gap', '27 months', 'negotiations', 'analysts', 'Anleger', 'Einstieg', 'company', 'headwinds', 'resilience', 'Wednesday', 'Italy', 'authorities', 'experts', 'earnings', 'impact']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,aktiencheck.de
49096,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4126021.html,Raffles Hotels & Resorts Launches Exceptional Experiences Created By Its Legendary Butlers,Raffles Hotels & Resorts  known for its legendary hospitality and signature Butler Service  celebrates its latest campaign  ‘The Butler Did It’  with inspired experiences unique to each hotel and resort. Piloted by Raffles Butlers  this initiative introduces …,Raffles Hotels & Resorts  known for its legendary hospitality and signature Butler Service  celebrates its latest campaign  ‘The Butler Did It’  with inspired experiences unique to each hotel and resort. Piloted by Raffles Butlers  this initiative introduces bespoke packages crafted to offer exclusive access and showcase the cultural richness of every Raffles destination in a one-of-a-kind way. Champions of authentic culture and masters of creating unexpected moments of delight  Raffles Butlers are the heart of each hotel and these exclusive offerings. Packages include activities ranging from afternoon tea with Her Royal Highness Princess Chansita Norodom in Cambodia to bespoke historical journeys in London that unveil the city’s hidden stories.The magic of Raffles lies in delivering a highly personalised level of service that transforms a stay into a remarkable experience. Since 1887  our legendary butlers have been the soul of this tradition  embodying the art of intuitive and emotional hospitality. ‘The Butler Did It’ packages celebrate this enduring legacy by offering guests immersive and unique journeys tailored to each of our iconic destinations. From the cultural heart of Singapore to the refined elegance of Paris  the tropical serenity of the Seychelles  and the historic charm of Istanbul  each experience showcases the grace  sophistication  warmth  and wit that defines Raffles. Omer Acar  CEO  Raffles Hotels & ResortsStandout itineraries include a twin stay at Raffles Grand Hotel d’Angkor and Raffles Hotel Le Royal in Cambodia  blending history  world-class wellness  and gastronomy. This journey takes guests from the ancient temples of Angkor – the birthplace of the mighty Khmer Empire – to the vibrant heart of Phnom Penh  the country’s royal metropolis. At Raffles London at The OWO  guests will step into history with an exclusive visit to a hidden Whitehall location  exploring the underground lair where Winston Churchill strategized victory during World War II. The Raffles Istanbul experience is elevated by butler-guided helicopter transfers  offering breathtaking aerial views of the Black Sea  the three bridges linking Asia and Europe  and landmarks such as Dolmabahçe Palace  Galata Tower  Hagia Sophia  and Maiden’s Tower. Guests of Raffles Bali are invited to immerse themselves in the island’s natural beauty  from private yacht excursions and hidden beach explorations to holistic wellness rituals  jamu-making workshops  and a visit to a Balinese family home to experience local daily life. For those seeking luxury infused with holistic wellness  Raffles Al Areen Palace Bahrain offers a private escape  including a three-night stay with bespoke wellness experiences  personalised menus  and curated adventures designed to showcase the country’s vibrant heritage.As Raffles continues to grow globally – welcoming guests to new destinations such as Jaipur  London  Boston  Doha  and Bahrain  with upcoming debuts in Sentosa and Jeddah – its legendary Butler Service remains the cornerstone of the Raffles experience  welcoming travelers into a world of elegance and enchanted glamour. ‘The Butler Did It’ campaign  launched last fall under the creative direction of Trey Laird and shot by photographer Dylan Don  celebrates the hallmarks of the Raffles experience  including the ways its Butlers create magic at every turn.Information regarding all 'The Butler Did It’ packages can be found here.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries  with over 5 600 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.57,0.43,0.0,True,English,"['Raffles Hotels', 'Exceptional Experiences', 'Legendary Butlers', 'Resorts', 'Royal Highness Princess Chansita Norodom', 'Raffles Al Areen Palace Bahrain', 'Raffles Hotel Le Royal', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Dolmabahçe Palace', 'The Raffles Istanbul experience', 'mighty Khmer Empire', 'butler-guided helicopter transfers', 'breathtaking aerial views', 'Balinese family home', 'local daily life', 'photographer Dylan Don', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'hidden Whitehall location', 'World War II', 'hidden beach explorations', 'private yacht excursions', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'holistic wellness rituals', 'signature Butler Service', 'Raffles Grand Hotel', 'legendary Butler Service', 'bespoke wellness experiences', 'royal metropolis', 'legendary hospitality', 'emotional hospitality', 'The Group', 'hidden stories', 'The Butler', 'Raffles experience', 'private escape', 'world-class wellness', 'wellness facilities', 'Raffles Hotels', 'Raffles destination', 'Raffles Bali', 'The OWO', 'remarkable experience', '45 hotel brands', 'legendary butlers', 'Raffles Butlers', 'exclusive access', 'cultural richness', 'kind way', 'authentic culture', 'unexpected moments', 'exclusive offerings', 'afternoon tea', 'historical journeys', 'personalised level', 'enduring legacy', 'unique journeys', 'iconic destinations', 'tropical serenity', 'historic charm', 'Omer Acar', 'Standout itineraries', 'ancient temples', 'Phnom Penh', 'underground lair', 'Winston Churchill', 'Black Sea', 'three bridges', 'Hagia Sophia', 'natural beauty', 'jamu-making workshops', 'personalised menus', 'vibrant heritage', 'new destinations', 'upcoming debuts', 'enchanted glamour', 'creative direction', 'Trey Laird', 'beverage venues', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'cultural heart', 'twin stay', 'vibrant heart', 'three-night stay', 'Raffles London', 'latest campaign', 'refined elegance', 'exclusive visit', 'Galata Tower', 'Euronext Paris', 'Accor SA', 'accor.com', 'bespoke packages', 'Resorts', 'initiative', 'Champions', 'masters', 'delight', 'activities', 'Cambodia', 'city', 'magic', 'soul', 'tradition', 'intuitive', 'guests', 'immersive', 'Singapore', 'Seychelles', 'grace', 'sophistication', 'warmth', 'wit', 'CEO', 'Angkor', 'history', 'gastronomy', 'birthplace', 'country', 'victory', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'landmarks', 'Maiden', 'island', 'luxury', 'curated', 'adventures', 'Jaipur', 'Boston', 'Doha', 'Sentosa', 'Jeddah', 'cornerstone', 'travelers', 'hallmarks', 'ways', 'turn', 'Information', '110 countries', '5,600 properties', '10,000 food', 'industry', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2025-02-26,2025-02-27,hospitalitynet.org
49097,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4126022.html,Unlocking the Strategic Opportunities of Blended Living: Insights From the Inside,According to recent research  blended travel bookings have surged by 72% year-over-year (Skift  2024)  with 50% of guests planning extended stays (Accor  2024). This shift presents significant opportunities for hotels to embrace blended living as a way to enh…,According to recent research  blended travel bookings have surged by 72% year-over-year (Skift  2024)  with 50% of guests planning extended stays (Accor  2024). This shift presents significant opportunities for hotels to embrace blended living as a way to enhance the guest experience while driving new revenue streams. Accor identified the growing trend of blended living early and has strategically leveraged it  working alongside our hotel owners to take full advantage of the added business opportunities.Leveraging Blended Living to Meet Evolving Traveler ExpectationsThe concept of blended living has quickly moved from an emerging trend to an essential element of the modern hospitality experience. As the lines between work  leisure  and daily life blur  today’s travelers expect more than just a place to stay—they want an environment that adapts to their lifestyle. Whether it's professionals extending their business trips to mix work with leisure or locals seeking enriching experiences  hotels that embrace this blended approach can unlock tremendous value for both guests and owners.Affluent customers today are seeking more diverse lifestyle offerings - enriching experiences  and services  vibrant food & drink venues  and social spaces - that far go beyond the traditional hotel offering. Blended living experiences are opening up a whole new dimension for our extraordinary hotel brands. Agnès Roquefort  Global Chief Development Officer  Luxury & LifestyleIntegrated into our Premium  Midscale  and Economy brands  blended living offers are unlocking significant value  optimizing revenue opportunities  and diversifying investment risk through a differentiated service offering that caters to travelers' needs and meets market demand. Camil Yazbeck  Global Chief Development Officer  Premium  Midscale & EconomyGeneral Manager Insights: Business Cases from the FieldDiscover how we unlock the full potential of blended living  and meet Ronei Borba  General Manager of Pullman Vila Olímpia in São Paulo  and Daniel Kingston  General Manager of Ennismore’s SO/ Uptown in Dubai.Building Living Hubs: Driving Additional Revenue While Gathering Guests & the Local CommunityLocated in the heart of São Paulo's bustling financial hub  our hotel has already established itself as a favorite among corporate travelers. But we’re more than just a destination for business — we’re a vibrant space where unique events connect guests and the local community  with experiences that blend art  gastronomy  and culture: Art and Wine  Art Battle  SP Fashion Week  Dining in the Dark… These initiatives enhance guest experiences and strengthen community ties  generating more than $ 2 million in additional revenue in 2024. By combining creativity and innovation  we’re shaping unforgettable moments that go far beyond traditional hospitality. Ronei Borba  General Manager  Pullman Vila Olímpia - São PauloIn today’s socially connected world  creating spaces where people can engage  and bond is more important than ever. Hotels are uniquely positioned to become living hubs  fostering connections with guests and local communities. Beyond enhancing the guest experience  these efforts can drive additional revenue beyond room bookings  particularly through F&B offerings  and help position the hotel as a key player in the local community  driving repeat visits year-round  generating more off-season business and cultivating brand loyalty.Leveraging Mixed-Use: Driving Value CreationMixed-use developments create significant value for property owners by capitalizing on the synergy between the hotel and Residences. Resident owners purchase more than just a property: they acquire a five-star luxury lifestyle experience. The hotel enhances this experience by offering a range of à la carte services  including 24/7 concierge services  maintenance support  and personalized chefs. The Residences bolster the hotel’s ecosystem by providing a built-in audience who utilize our facilities  including F&B offerings  meeting spaces  and event venues. We’ve introduced activations such as movie nights  transforming transactional interactions into meaningful connections  and creating a strong sense of community among residents. Daniel Kingston  General Manager  Ennismore’s SO/ Uptown - DubaiBy combining residential spaces  co-working areas  and even private clubs within a hotel  mixed-use developments diversify revenue streams and increase revenue potential while offering guests a more holistic experience. Residents from mixed-use developments can also benefit from hotel facilities  offering them access to exclusive social spaces  dining options  and wellness centers  creating a symbiotic relationship that enhances overall value.Maximizing Blended Living Opportunities: Unlocking Business GrowthBlended living is quickly becoming a fixture in the hospitality industry  effectively positioning hotels that adopt this model to attract a new breed of traveler - those who value community engagement  flexible spaces  and authentic experiences. By creating dynamic environments that cater to a broader range of guests  hotels can drive repeat business  foster loyalty  and unlock new revenue streams. For hotel owners  embracing this model is not just a trend - it’s a strategy for long-term profitability and success. By continuously adapting to the needs of modern travelers  and fostering deep connections with local communities  hotels can ensure they remain at the forefront of the hospitality industry.If you’re looking to dive deeper into the blended living trend  check out our latest From Change to Opportunity Report.To download and read the report  click here.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries  with over 5 600 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.54,0.45,0.0,True,English,"['Strategic Opportunities', 'Blended Living', 'Insights', 'Inside', 'Global Chief Development Officer', 'Pullman Vila Olímpia', 'five-star luxury lifestyle experience', 'Agnès Roquefort', 'differentiated service offering', 'São Paulo', 'bustling financial hub', 'SP Fashion Week', 'F&B offerings', 'à la carte services', '24/7 concierge services', 'diverse lifestyle offerings', 'Driving Value Creation', 'blended travel bookings', 'Evolving Traveler Expectations', 'Building Living Hubs', 'modern hospitality experience', 'exclusive social spaces', 'General Manager Insights', 'Leveraging Blended Living', 'traditional hotel offering', 'extraordinary hotel brands', 'Blended Living Opportunities', 'new revenue streams', 'Blended living experiences', 'hotel, mixed-use developments', 'traditional hospitality', 'Leveraging Mixed-Use', 'blended approach', 'room bookings', 'revenue opportunities', 'guest experience', 'new dimension', 'holistic experience', 'hospitality industry', 'new breed', 'living offers', 'significant opportunities', 'tremendous value', 'significant value', 'overall value', 'Additional Revenue', 'revenue potential', 'business opportunities', 'recent research', 'extended stays', 'growing trend', 'full advantage', 'emerging trend', 'essential element', 'daily life', 'Affluent customers', 'vibrant food', 'drink venues', 'Economy brands', 'investment risk', 'market demand', 'Camil Yazbeck', 'full potential', 'Ronei Borba', 'Daniel Kingston', 'vibrant space', 'unique events', 'unforgettable moments', 'local communities', 'key player', 'repeat visits', 'brand loyalty', 'maintenance support', 'personalized chefs', 'meeting spaces', 'event venues', 'movie nights', 'transactional interactions', 'strong sense', 'residential spaces', 'working areas', 'private clubs', 'wellness centers', 'symbiotic relationship', 'flexible spaces', 'dynamic environments', 'business trips', 'enriching experiences', 'Business Cases', 'Local Community', 'community ties', 'season business', 'Business Growth', 'community engagement', 'authentic experiences', 'Resident owners', ""travelers' needs"", 'corporate travelers', 'hotel owners', 'The Residences', 'meaningful connections', 'dining options', 'Art Battle', 'hotel facilities', 'property owners', 'year', 'Skift', 'guests', 'Accor', 'shift', 'hotels', 'way', 'concept', 'lines', 'leisure', 'place', 'professionals', 'locals', 'Midscale', 'Premium', 'Field', 'Ennismore', 'Uptown', 'Dubai', 'heart', 'destination', 'gastronomy', 'culture', 'Wine', 'Dark', 'initiatives', 'creativity', 'innovation', 'today', 'world', 'people', 'efforts', 'synergy', 'range', 'ecosystem', 'audience', 'activations', 'residents', 'access', 'Unlocking', 'fixture', 'model']",2025-02-26,2025-02-27,hospitalitynet.org
49098,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/26/3032587/0/en/Stellantis-Delivers-Full-Year-2024-Results-Consistent-with-Updated-Financial-Guidance-Expects-Return-to-Profitable-Growth-and-Positive-Cash-Generation-in-2025.html,Stellantis Delivers Full Year 2024 Results Consistent with Updated Financial Guidance; Expects Return to Profitable Growth and Positive Cash Generation in 2025,Stellantis Delivers Full Year 2024 Results Consistent with Updated Financial Guidance;Expects Return to Profitable Growth and Positive Cash Generation in 2025,"Stellantis Delivers Full Year 2024 Results Consistent with Updated Financial Guidance;Expects Return to Profitable Growth and Positive Cash Generation in 2025Net revenues of €156.9 billion  down 17% compared to 2023  with consolidated shipment volumes decreasing 12% due to temporary gaps in product offerings  as well as now-complete inventory reduction initiativesNet profit of €5.5 billion  down 70% . Adjusted operating income (1) of €8.6 billion fell 64% with AOI margin (2) of 5.5%I ndustrial free cash flows (3) were negative €6 billion reflecting the decline in income and temporary enlarged working capital impact due to production adjustmentsTotal inventories on December 31  2024 were 18% or 268 thousand units lower year-over-year  including a 20% drop in U.S. dealer stock to 304 thousand units  surpassing previously communicated target of 330 thousand unitsGenerational product portfolio transition initiated in 2024 with the first products launched on STLA Medium and STLA Large platforms  and scaled globalization of Smart Car platform through the European launch of Citroën C3/ë-C3Total industrial available liquidity ended 2024 at €49.5 billion  with Industrial net financial position at €15.1 billion. Dividend to common shareholders proposed at €0.68 per share  representing a 5% yield  pending shareholder approval2025 financial guidance of ""Positive"" Net Revenue Growth  ""Mid-Single Digits"" AOI margin and ""Positive"" industrial free cash flows  reflecting both the early stage of the commercial recovery as well as elevated industry uncertaintiesThe process to appoint the new permanent Chief Executive Officer is well underway and will be concluded within the first half of 2025. In the meantime  the Company is focused on execution""While 2024 was a year of stark contrasts for the Company  with results falling short of our potential  we achieved important strategic milestones. Notably  we began the rollout of new multi-energy platforms and products  which continues in 2025  started production of EV batteries through our JVs  and launched the Leapmotor International partnership.Stellantis' dedicated and talented people are driving forward with energy and determination  engaging with key stakeholders and moving decision-making closer to our customers. We are firmly focused on gaining market share and improving financial performance as 2025 progresses.""John Elkann  Chairman Ram 1500 Ramcharger(€ million)2024 2023 ChangeFY 2025 GUIDANCENet Revenue Growth:PositiveAdjusted operating income margin(2):Mid-Single DigitsIndustrial free cash flows(3):Positive IFRSNet revenues 156 878 189 544 (17)% Net profit 5 520 18 625 (70)% Diluted EPS 1.84 5.94 (69)% Cash flows from operating activities 4 008 22 485 (82)% NON-GAAPAdjusted operating income(1) 8 648 24 343 (64)% Adjusted operating income margin(2) 5.5% 12.8% (730) bps Adjusted diluted EPS(5) 2.48 6.42 (61)% Industrial free cash flows(3) (6 045) 12 858 (147)%____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________All reported data is unaudited. Reference should be made to the section “Safe Harbor Statement” included elsewhere within this document.AMSTERDAM  February 26  2025 - Stellantis N.V. has announced its full-year 2024 results  which are consistent with the updated financial guidance released in September 2024.In the 90 days since the leadership transition began  and while the process to select the next CEO within the first half of 2025 continues  the interim leadership team has taken quick  decisive actions to improve the company's performance and profitability.These actions include:Completing inventory management initiatives   including surpassing U.S. dealer stock reduction objectives;  including surpassing U.S. dealer stock reduction objectives; Prioritizing critical launches to better meet evolving customer needs  especially in the U.S.;to better meet evolving customer needs  especially in the U.S.; Making better use of available flexibilities under CO2 regulations to mitigate risks  while continuing to reduce emissions;under CO2 regulations to mitigate risks  while continuing to reduce emissions; Working together with our dealer bodies in the U.S. and Europe to accelerate the return to growth;in the U.S. and Europe to accelerate the return to growth; Strengthening communication with suppliers to facilitate collaboration and problem-solving;to facilitate collaboration and problem-solving; Elevating engagement with governments and regulators on key industry issues; and on key industry issues; and  Empowering our regions to increase speed of decision-making and rigor of execution.Looking back on a challenging 2024  Stellantis began transitioning to its next generation of products  including the first built on the new STLA multi-energy platforms  which offer consumers more freedom to choose (internal combustion  hybrid and electric powertrains). Highlights include:STLA Medium: The first models to hit the roads on the new multi-energy BEV-centric platform are Peugeot E-3008 and E-5008 and new Opel Grandland. They offer customers the choice of electric  hybrid and plug-in hybrid variants. The new flagship DS N° 8 presented in December  offers a best-in class BEV range of up to 750 km (466 miles) in the WLTP combined cycle;The first models to hit the roads on the new multi-energy BEV-centric platform are Peugeot E-3008 and E-5008 and new Opel Grandland. They offer customers the choice of electric  hybrid and plug-in hybrid variants. The new flagship DS N° 8 presented in December  offers a best-in class BEV range of up to 750 km (466 miles) in the WLTP combined cycle; STLA Large: This highly adaptable multi-energy platform supports new models like the Dodge Charger Daytona  Jeep® Wagoneer S  Jeep® Cherokee replacement and Jeep® Recon  along with future Alfa Romeo  Chrysler and Maserati vehicles. The first Dodge and Jeep vehicles are now arriving at dealerships. The platform also supports hybrid and internal combustion propulsion systems without compromising key vehicle capabilities;This highly adaptable multi-energy platform supports new models like the Dodge Charger Daytona  Jeep® Wagoneer S  Jeep® Cherokee replacement and Jeep® Recon  along with future Alfa Romeo  Chrysler and Maserati vehicles. The first Dodge and Jeep vehicles are now arriving at dealerships. The platform also supports hybrid and internal combustion propulsion systems without compromising key vehicle capabilities; STLA Frame: Designed for full-size  body-on-frame trucks and SUVs  this platform will debut in 2025 with the Ram 1500 Ramcharger followed by Jeep brand vehicles  featuring game-changing range-extending hybrid technology; andDesigned for full-size  body-on-frame trucks and SUVs  this platform will debut in 2025 with the Ram 1500 Ramcharger followed by Jeep brand vehicles  featuring game-changing range-extending hybrid technology; and Smart Car: Stellantis launched European products on the global multi-energy Smart Car platform  including the affordable Citroën C3/ë-C3 and new C3 Aircross  Opel Frontera and Fiat Grande Panda. Citroën Basalt was also launched in India and South America.Stellantis will launch 10 new products in 2025.Artificial Intelligence is central to Stellantis' digital transformation  powering advancements across multiple domains with top-tier partners in the field. By leveraging AI  Stellantis reinforces its commitment to developing innovative  data-driven solutions that enhance its products  as well as the experiences of both customers and employees. As an illustration  in early 2025  Stellantis partnered with Mistral AI to explore the development of an advanced in-car assistant  one of many initiatives integrating AI into our vehicles and processes.Stellantis also unveiled STLA AutoDrive 1.0  the Company’s first in-house-developed automated driving system  delivering Hands-Free and Eyes-Off (SAE Level 3) functionality. STLA AutoDrive  alongside STLA Brain and STLA SmartCockpit  will advance vehicle intelligence  automation and the user experience.Stellantis plans to pay a dividend of €0.68 per common share  pending shareholder approval. The expected calendar is: (i) Ex-date: April 22  2025 for Euronext Milan and Euronext Paris and April 23  2025 for NYSE; (ii) Record date: April 23  2025 for NYSE  Euronext Milan and Euronext Paris; (iii) Payment date: May 5  2025 for NYSE  Euronext Milan and Euronext Paris.UPCOMING EVENTS: Annual General Meeting - April 15  2025; Q1 Shipments & Revenues - April 30  2025On February 26  2025  at 2:00 p.m. CET / 8:00 a.m. EST  a live webcast and conference call will be held to present Stellantis' Full Year 2024 Results  with the presentation expected to be posted at approximately 8:00 a.m. CET / 2:00 a.m. EST. The webcast and recorded replay will be accessible under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website ( www.stellantis.com ).FULL YEAR 2024 SEGMENT PERFORMANCENORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE € million  except as otherwise stated 2024 2023 Change € million  except as otherwise stated 2024 2023 Change Shipments (000s) 1 432 1 903 (471) Shipments (000s) 2 576 2 814 (238) Net revenues 63 450 86 500 (23 050) Net revenues 59 010 66 598 (7 588) AOI 2 660 13 298 (10 638) AOI 2 419 6 519 (4 100) AOI margin 4.2% 15.4% (1 120) bps AOI margin 4.1% 9.8% (570) bps Shipments down 25%  mainly due to reduced productionin support of the U.S. inventory reduction actions  as well as from discontinued models of Dodge Charger and Challenger  Chrysler 300  and Jeep® Cherokee and Renegadedown 25%  mainly due to reduced production in support of the U.S. inventory reduction actions  as well as from discontinued models of Dodge Charger and Challenger  Chrysler 300  and Jeep® Cherokee and Renegade Net revenues down 27% primarily due to lower volumes from discontinued models of Dodge Charger and Challenger  Chrysler 300  and Jeep® Cherokee and Renegadedown 27% primarily due to lower volumes from discontinued models of Dodge Charger and Challenger  Chrysler 300  and Jeep® Cherokee and Renegade Adjusted operating income down 80%  due to significant impacts from volume/mix  increased sales incentives and higher warranty costs Shipments down 8%  driven by reduction in dealer stock from H1 '24  as well as production losses due to delayed launch of vehicles utilizing the Smart Car platformdown 8%  driven by reduction in dealer stock from H1 '24  as well as production losses due to delayed launch of vehicles utilizing the Smart Car platform Net revenues down 11% due to decreased volumes  higher portion of sales with buyback commitments  increased sales incentives and negative mixdown 11% due to decreased volumes  higher portion of sales with buyback commitments  increased sales incentives and negative mix Adjusted operating income down 63%  due to negative product content and trim impact  increased sales incentives and lower volumes  partly offset by savings in raw material and other purchasing activitiesMIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA € million  except as otherwise stated 2024 2023 Change € million  except as otherwise stated 2024 2023 Change Combined shipments(4) (000s) 534 616 (82) Shipments (000s) 912 879 +33 Consolidated shipments(4) (000s) 423 443 (20) Net revenues 15 863 16 058 (195) Net revenues 10 097 10 560 (463) AOI 2 272 2 369 (97) AOI 1 901 2 503 (602) AOI margin14.3%14.8%(50)bpsAOI margin 18.8% 23.7% (490) bps Consolidated shipments down 5%  mainly due to changeover in medium-sized K9 van in Turkey  as well as significant impact from importation restrictions in Algeria  Tunisia and Egyptdown 5%  mainly due to changeover in medium-sized K9 van in Turkey  as well as significant impact from importation restrictions in Algeria  Tunisia and Egypt Net revenues down 4%  primarily due to negative FX translation effects  mainly from Turkish Lira  partially offset by strong increases in net pricingdown 4%  primarily due to negative FX translation effects  mainly from Turkish Lira  partially offset by strong increases in net pricing Adjusted operating income down 24%  mainly due to negative FX transaction and translation effects primarily related to the Turkish Lira  mainly offset by increased pricing actions Shipments up 4%  driven primarily by increased volumes in Brazil and the continued success of Fiat with the Argo  Strada and Fastbackup 4%  driven primarily by increased volumes in Brazil and the continued success of Fiat with the Argo  Strada and Fastback Net revenues down 1%  due to FX impacts from Brazilian Real and Argentine Peso  partially offset by increased volume and positive impacts of parts & service business and net pricingdown 1%  due to FX impacts from Brazilian Real and Argentine Peso  partially offset by increased volume and positive impacts of parts & service business and net pricing Adjusted operating income down 4%  primarily due to increased vehicle net pricing and volume  more than offset by FX translation impacts and negative mixCHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI € million  except as otherwise stated 2024 2023 Change € million  except as otherwise stated 2024 2023 Change Combined shipments(4) (000s) 61 154 (93) Shipments (000s) 11.3 26.6 (15.3) Consolidated shipments(4) (000s) 61 102 (41) Net revenues 1 040 2 335 (1 295) Net revenues 1 993 3 528 (1 535) AOI (260) 141 (401) AOI (58) 502 (560) AOI margin(25.0)%6.0%(3 100)bpsAOI margin (2.9)% 14.2% (1 710) bps Lower results due to decline in shipments  negative mix impacts  consolidation impact from Leapmotor investment and continued pricing pressures  partly offset by SG&A cost savings Lower results due to decreased volumes and mix impacts  as well as lower industrial fixed costs absorption  offset by cost efficiencies in SG&A and R&DH2 2024 SEGMENT PERFORMANCE(€ million) H2 2024 H2 2023 Change IFRSNet revenues 71 861 91 176 (21)% Net profit (127) 7 707 (102)% Diluted EPS (0.05) 2.47 (102)% Cash flows from operating activities (881) 9 092 (110)% NON-GAAPAdjusted operating income(1) 185 10 217 (98)% Adjusted operating income margin(2) 0.3% 11.2% (1090) bps Adjusted diluted EPS(5) 0.08 2.79 (97)% Industrial free cash flows(3) (5 653) 4 203 (234)%NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2024 H2 2023 Change € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2024 H2 2023 Change Shipments (000s) 594 880 (286) Shipments (000s) 1 189 1 336 (147) Net revenues 25 097 40 584 (15 487) Net revenues 29 041 31 737 (2 696) AOI (1 706) 5 271 (6 977) AOI 359 2 794 (2 435) AOI margin (6.8)% 13.0% (1 980) bps AOI margin 1.2% 8.8% (760) bpsMIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2024 H2 2023 Change € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2024 H2 2023 Change Combined shipments(4) (000s) 261 315 (54) Shipments (000s)518459+59Consolidated shipments(4) (000s) 209 235 (26) Net revenues 5 092 5 862 (770) Net revenues 8 496 8 495 +1 AOI 854 1 285 (431) AOI 1 122 1 294 (172) AOI margin 16.8% 21.9% (510) bps AOI margin 13.2% 15.2% (200) bpsCHINA AND INDIA & PACIFIC MASERATI € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2024 H2 2023 Change € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2024 H2 2023 Change Combined shipments(4) (000s) 29 64 (35) Shipments (000s) 4.8 11.3 (6.5) Consolidated shipments(4) (000s) 29 44 (15) Net revenues 409 1 026 (617) Net revenues 921 1 542 (621) AOI (178) 20 (198) AOI (115) 208 (323) AOI margin(43.5)%1.9%(4 540)bpsAOI margin (12.5)% 13.5% (2 600) bpsReconciliations - Full YearNet revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net profit to Adjusted operating income2024 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 63 449 58 844 10 109 15 883 1 991 1 038 5 564 156 878 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 1 166 (12) (20) 2 2 (139) — Net revenues 63 450 59 010 10 097 15 863 1 993 1 040 5 425 156 878 Net profit/(loss) 5 520 Tax expense/(benefit) (1 488) Net financial expenses/(income) (345) Operating income/(loss) 3 687 Adjustments: Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(A) 510 1 027 1 20 6 22 31 1 617 Impairment expense and supplier obligations  net of reversals(B) 31 207 2 — 16 1 526 25 1 807 Takata airbags recall campaign  net of recoveries(C) — 711 21 36 — — — 768 Lifetime onerous contracts(D) 636 — — — 1 — 637 Other(E) 62 (6) — 32 (5) — 49 132 Total adjustments 1 239 1 939 24 88 18 1 548 105 4 961 Adjusted operating income(1) 2 660 2 419 1 901 2 272 (58) (260) (286) 8 648________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Primarily related to workforce reductions  mainly in Enlarged Europe and North America(B) Primarily related to (i) €1 063 million of impairments of certain platform assets in Maserati and Enlarged Europe  net of reversal  driven by projected decreases in margins for certain models and the cancellation of certain projects prior to launch  (ii) €230 million of provisions accrued for supplier obligations  relating to projects in development which were cancelled prior to launch (and for which the related capitalized R&D was impaired under (i) above)  and (iii) €514 million of goodwill impairments related to the Maserati segment(C) Extension of Takata airbags recall campaign(D) Provision primarily related to lifetime service contracts sold in North America prior to the merger determined to be onerous during 2024(E) Consisting of other adjustments which are individually non significant2023 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 86 498 66 444 10 560 16 148 3 526 2 335 4 033 189 544 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 2 154 — (90) 2 — (68) — Net revenues 86 500 66 598 10 560 16 058 3 528 2 335 3 965 189 544 Net profit/(loss) 18 625 Tax expense/(benefit) 3 793 Net financial expenses/(income) (42) Operating income/(loss) 22 376 Adjustments: Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(A) 650 475 — 14 1 1 20 1 161 Collective bargaining agreements costs(B) 428 — — — — — — 428 Argentina currency devaluation(C) — — — 302 — — — 302 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(D) — 47 — — 154 — — 201 Reorganization of financial services(E) — — — — — — 76 76 Takata recall campaign — (44) 30 — 4 — — (10) Patents litigation(F) (20) (40) — (1) — — — (61) Gains on disposal of equity investments and other assets(G) (65) (40) — — (57) — (39) (201) Other(H) 40 99 1 (43) (18) — (8) 71 Total adjustments 1 033 497 31 272 84 1 49 1 967 Adjusted operating income(1) 13 298 6 519 2 503 2 369 502 141 (989) 24 343________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Primarily related to workforce reductions and includes €243 million relating to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America(B) Primarily related to past service costs arising from employee benefit plan amendments related to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America. Total cost of €671 million is comprised of €243 million in Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals and €428 million in Collective bargaining agreements costs(C) Impact of the December 2023 devaluation of the Argentine Peso from the new government's economic policies  comprised of €(197) million in Net revenues  €(147) million in Cost of revenues  and €42 million in Selling  general and other costs(D) Related to impairments  mainly impairment of research and development assets in China and India & Asia Pacific  and impairment of certain platform assets in Enlarged Europe(E) Net costs associated with the reorganization of our financial services activities in Europe(F) Reversal of provisions related to litigation by certain patent owners related to the use of certain technologies in prior periods(G) Mainly related to gains on disposals of investments and of fixed assets(H) Consisting of other adjustments which are individually non significantDiluted EPS to Adjusted diluted EPS(5)Results from continuing operations (€ million  except as otherwise stated) 2024 2023 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 5 473 18 596 Weighted average number of shares outstanding (000) 2 949 652 3 107 725 Number of shares deployable for share-based compensation (000) 26 168 24 733 Weighted average number of shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share (000) 2 975 820 3 132 458 Diluted earnings per share (A) (€/share) 1.84 5.94 Adjustments  per above 4 961 1 967 Tax impact on adjustments(A) (799) (452) Unusual items related to income taxes (2 266) — Total adjustments  net of taxes 1 896 1 515 Impact of adjustments above  net of taxes  on Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (B) (€/share) 0.64 0.48 Adjusted Diluted earnings per share(5) (€/share) (A+B) 2.48 6.42______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(A) Tax impact on adjustments is calculated based on the expected local country tax implications for each adjustmentCash flows from operating activities to Industrial free cash flows(€ million) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities 4 008 22 485 Less: Financial services  net of inter-segment eliminations (2 736) (753) Less: Capital Expenditures and capitalized research and development expenditures and change in amounts payable on property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities 10 761 9 031 Add: Proceeds from disposal of assets and other changes in investing activities 303 2 152 Less: Net proceeds related to the reorganization of financial services in Europe — 1 532 Less: Contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments 2 376 2 767 Add: Defined benefit pension contributions  net of tax 45 798 Industrial free cash flows(3) (6 045) 12 858Debt to Industrial net financial position(€ million) December 31  2024 June 30 2024 December 31  2023 Debt (37 227) (32 174) (29 463) Current financial receivables from jointly-controlled financial services companies 674 1 245 767 Derivative financial assets/(liabilities)  net and collateral deposits 222 6 20 Financial securities 4 468 6 619 6 089 Cash and cash equivalents 34 100 36 325 43 669 Industrial net financial position classified as held for sale 169 (59) 109 Net financial position 2 406 11 962 21 191 Less: Net financial position of financial services (12 722) (10 265) (8 296) Industrial net financial position(6) 15 128 22 227 29 487Reconciliations - H2Net revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net profit to Adjusted operating incomeH2 2024 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 25 098 28 996 5 104 8 510 920 407 2 826 71 861 Net revenues from transactions with other segments (1) 45 (12) (14) 1 2 (21) — Net revenues 25 097 29 041 5 092 8 496 921 409 2 805 71 861 Net profit/(loss) (127) Tax expense/(benefit) (2 830) Net financial expenses/(income) 5 Operating income/(loss) (2 952) Adjustments: Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(A) 462 (60) 1 11 6 (3) (12) 405 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(B) 29 164 2 — 5 1 202 17 1 419 Takata recall campaign(C) — 637 17 35 — — — 689 Lifetime onerous contract(D) 636 — — — 1 — — 637 Other(E) (57) (8) — 3 (6) — 55 (13) Total adjustments 1 070 733 20 49 6 1 199 60 3 137 Adjusted operating income(1) (1 706) 359 854 1 122 (115) (178) (151) 185________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Primarily related to workforce reductions  mainly in North America(B) Primarily related to (i) €730 million of impairments of certain platform assets in Maserati and Enlarged Europe  net of reversal  driven by projected decreases in margins for certain models and the cancellation of certain projects prior to launch  (ii) €175 million of provisions accrued for supplier obligations  relating to projects in development which were cancelled prior to launch (and for which the related capitalized R&D was impaired under (i) above)  and (iii) €514 million of goodwill impairments related to the Maserati segment(C) Extension of Takata airbags recall campaign(D) Provision primarily related to lifetime service contracts sold in North America prior to the merger determined to be onerous during 2024(E) Consisting of other adjustments which are individually non significantH2 2023 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 40 582 31 633 5 862 8 539 1 541 1 025 1 994 91 176 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 2 104 — (44) 1 1 (64) — Net revenues 40 584 31 737 5 862 8 495 1 542 1 026 1 930 91 176 Net profit/(loss) 7 707 Tax expense/(benefit) 1 101 Net financial expenses/(income) 27 Operating income/(loss) 8 835 Adjustments: Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(A) 336 223 — — 1 1 6 567 Collective bargaining agreements costs(B) 428 — — — — — — 428 Argentina currency devaluation(C) — — — 302 — — — 302 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(D) 2 47 — — 138 — — 187 Reorganization of financial services(E) — — — — — — (64) (64) Takata recall campaign — 40 4 1 — — — 45 Patents litigation(F) (20) (40) — (1) — — — (61) Gains on disposal of equity investments and other assets(G) (65) (40) — — (57) — (39) (201) Other(H) 120 70 1 (45) (3) — 36 179 Total adjustments 801 300 5 257 79 1 (61) 1 382 Adjusted operating income(1) 5 271 2 794 1 285 1 294 208 20 (655) 10 217________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Primarily related to workforce reductions and includes €243 million relating to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America(B) Primarily related to past service costs arising from employee benefit plan amendments related to the new collective bargaining agreements in North America. Total cost of €671 million is comprised of €243 million in Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals and €428 million in Collective bargaining agreements costs(C) Impact of the December 2023 devaluation of the Argentine Peso from the new government's economic policies  comprised of €(197) million in Net revenues  €(147) million in Cost of revenues  and €42 million in Selling  general and other costs(D) Related to impairments  mainly impairment of research and development assets in China and India & Asia Pacific  and impairment of certain platform assets in Enlarged Europe(E) Net costs associated with the reorganization of our financial services activities in Europe(F) Reversal of provisions related to litigation by certain patent owners related to the use of certain technologies in prior periods(G) Mainly related to gains on disposals of investments and of fixed assets(H) Consisting of other adjustments which are individually non significantsDiluted EPS to Adjusted diluted EPS(5)Results from continuing operations (€ million  except as otherwise stated) H2 2024 H2 2023 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent (151) 7 673 Weighted average number of shares outstanding (000) 2 897 090 3 078 195 Number of shares deployable for share-based compensation (000) 23 914 25 398 Weighted average number of shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share (000) 2 921 004 3 103 593 Diluted earnings per share (A) (€/share) (0.05) 2.47 Adjustments  per above 3 137 1 382 Tax impact on adjustments(A) (483) (386) Unusual items related to income taxes (2 266) — Total adjustments  net of taxes 388 996 Impact of adjustments above  net of taxes  on Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (B) (€/share) 0.13 0.32 Adjusted Diluted earnings per share(5) (€/share) (A+B) 0.08 2.79_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(A) Tax impact on adjustments is calculated based on the expected local country tax implications for each adjustmentCash flows from operating activities to Industrial free cash flows(€ million) H2 2024 H2 2023 Cash flows from operating activities (881) 9 092 Less: Financial services  net of inter-segment eliminations (1 271) (542) Less: Capital Expenditures and capitalized research and development expenditures and change in amounts payable on property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities 5 323 4 835 Add: Proceeds from disposal of assets and other changes in investing activities 140 426 Less: Net proceeds related to the reorganization of financial services in Europe — 68 Less: Contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments 881 1 709 Add: Defined benefit pension contributions  net of tax 21 755 Industrial free cash flows(3) (5 653) 4 203NOTES(1) Adjusted operating income/(loss) excludes from Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations adjustments comprising restructuring and other termination costs  impairments  asset write-offs  disposals of investments and unusual operating income/(expense) that are considered rare or discrete events and are infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance  and also excludes Net financial expenses/(income) and Tax expense/(benefit).Unusual operating income/(expense) are impacts from strategic decisions  as well as events considered rare or discrete and infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance. Unusual operating income/(expense) includes  but may not be limited to: impacts from strategic decisions to rationalize Stellantis' core operations; facility-related costs stemming from Stellantis' plans to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand  and convergence and integration costs directly related to significant acquisitions or mergers.(2) Adjusted operating income/(loss) margin is calculated as Adjusted operating income/(loss) divided by Net revenues.(3) Industrial free cash flows is our key cash flow metric and is calculated as Cash flows from operating activities less: (i) cash flows from operating activities from discontinued operations; (ii) cash flows from operating activities related to financial services  net of eliminations; (iii) investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities; (iv) contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments; and adjusted for: (i) net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations; (ii) proceeds from disposal of assets and (iii) contributions to defined benefit pension plans  net of tax. The timing of Industrial free cash flows may be affected by the timing of monetization of receivables  factoring and the payment of accounts payables  as well as changes in other components of working capital  which can vary from period to period due to  among other things  cash management initiatives and other factors  some of which may be outside of the Company’s control. In addition  Industrial free cash flows is one of the metrics used in the determination of the annual performance bonus for eligible employees  including members of the Senior Management.(4) Combined shipments include shipments by Company's consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated joint ventures  whereas Consolidated shipments only include shipments by Company's consolidated subsidiaries. This includes the vehicles produced by our joint ventures and associates (including Leapmotor) which are distributed by our consolidated subsidiaries. In addition to the volumes included in consolidated shipments  combined shipments also includes the vehicles distributed by our joint ventures (such as Tofas). Figures by segments may not add up due to rounding. China shipments from DPCA are no longer included in Combined shipments as of November 2023; prior periods have not been restated.(5) Adjusted diluted earnings per share (""EPS"") is calculated by adjusting Diluted earnings per share for the post-tax impact per share of the same items excluded from Adjusted operating income as well as tax expense/(benefit) items that are considered rare or infrequent  or whose nature would distort the presentation of the ongoing tax charge of the Company. We believe this non-GAAP measure is useful because it also excludes items that we do not believe are indicative of the Company’s ongoing operating performance and provides investors with a more meaningful comparison of the Company’s ongoing quality of earnings. Adjusted diluted EPS should not be considered as a substitute for Basic earnings per share  Diluted earnings per share from operations or other methods of analyzing our quality of earnings as reported under IFRS.(6) Industrial net financial position is calculated as Debt plus derivative financial liabilities related to industrial activities less (i) cash and cash equivalents  (ii) financial securities that are considered liquid  (iii) current financial receivables from the Company or its jointly controlled financial services entities and (iv) derivative financial assets and collateral deposits. Therefore  debt  cash and cash equivalents and other financial assets/ liabilities pertaining to Stellantis’ financial services entities are excluded from the computation of the Industrial net financial position. Industrial net financial position includes the Industrial net financial position classified as held for sale.Rankings  market share and other industry information are derived from third-party industry sources (e.g. Agence Nationale des Titres Sécurisés (ANTS)  Associação Nacional dos Fabricantes de Veículos Automotores (ANFAVEA)  Ministry of Infrastructure and Sustainable Mobility (MIMS)  S&P Global  Ward’s Automotive) and internal information unless otherwise stated.For purposes of this document  and unless otherwise stated industry and market share information are for passenger cars (PC) plus light commercial vehicles (LCV)  except as noted below:Enlarged Europe excludes Russia and Belarus; prior periods figures have been restated;Middle East & Africa exclude Iran  Sudan and Syria;South America excludes Cuba;India & Asia Pacific reflects aggregate for major markets where Stellantis competes (Japan (PC)  India (PC)  South Korea (PC + Pickups)  Australia  New Zealand and South East Asia);China represents PC only and includes licensed sales from DPCA; andMaserati reflects aggregate for 17 major markets where Maserati competes and is derived from S&P Global data  Maserati competitive segment and internal information.Prior period figures have been updated to reflect current information provided by third-party industry sources.EU30 = EU 27 (excluding Malta)  Iceland  Norway  Switzerland and UK.Low emission vehicles (LEV) = battery electric (BEV)  plug-in hybrid (PHEV)  range-extender electric vehicle (REEV) and fuel cell electric (FCEV) vehicles.All Stellantis reported BEV and LEV sales include Citroën Ami  Opel Rocks-e and Fiat Topolino; in countries where these vehicles are classified as quadricycles  they are excluded from Stellantis reported combined sales  industry sales and market share figures.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA/ Euronext Milan: STLAM/ Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com . Contacts: communications@stellantis.com or investor.relations@stellantis.com .SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis document  in particular references to “FY 2025 Guidance”  contains forward looking statements. Statements regarding future financial performance and the Company’s expectations as to the achievement of certain targeted metrics  including revenues  industrial free cash flows  vehicle shipments  capital investments  research and development costs and other expenses at any future date or for any future period are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on the Company’s current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the Company’s ability to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; the Company’s ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; the Company’s ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification and accurately predict the market demand for electrified vehicles; the Company’s ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; the Company’s ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; the Company’s ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in the Company’s vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in the Company’s vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency and greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans; the Company’s ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; the Company’s ability to access funding to execute its business plan; the Company’s ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with the Company’s relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; the Company’s ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date of this document and the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning the Company and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect the Company’s financial results  is included in the Company’s reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.23,0.39,True,English,"['Full Year 2024 Results', 'Positive Cash Generation', 'Stellantis Delivers', 'Financial Guidance', 'Profitable Growth', 'Updated', 'Expects', '2025', 'U.S. dealer stock reduction objectives', 'new permanent Chief Executive Officer', 'temporary enlarged working capital impact', 'I ndustrial free cash flows', 'Positive"" industrial free cash flows', 'complete inventory reduction initiatives', 'Citroën C3/ë-C3', 'Total industrial available liquidity', 'Generational product portfolio transition', 'new STLA multi-energy platforms', 'Industrial net financial position', 'Positive"" Net Revenue Growth', 'Mid-Single Digits"" AOI margin', 'new multi-energy platforms', 'Positive Cash Generation', 'inventory management initiatives', 'F R S', 'STLA Large platforms', 'consolidated shipment volumes', 'Smart Car platform', 'important strategic milestones', 'Leapmotor International partnership', 'Chairman Ram 1500 Ramcharger', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'evolving customer needs', 'interim leadership team', 'key industry issues', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'quick, decisive actions', 'operating income margin', 'Full Year 2024 Results', 'dealer bodies', 'temporary gaps', 'leadership transition', 'product offerings', 'Total inventories', 'STLA Medium', 'available flexibilities', 'Net revenues', 'Net profit', 'industry uncertainties', 'key stakeholders', 'next generation', 'Financial Guidance', 'operating activities', 'Profitable Growth', '268 thousand units', '304 thousand units', '330 thousand units', 'European launch', 'common shareholders', 'shareholder approval', 'early stage', 'commercial recovery', 'first half', 'stark contrasts', 'EV batteries', 'talented people', 'John Elkann', 'FY 2025 GUIDANCE', 'full-year 2024 results', 'next CEO', 'critical launches', 'CO2 regulations', 'Elevating engagement', 'internal combustio', 'financial performance', 'production adjustments', 'market share', 'first products', 'Updated', 'Expects', 'Return', 'Adjusted', 'decline', 'December', '20% drop', 'target', 'globalization', 'Dividend', '5% yield', 'process', 'meantime', 'Company', 'execution', 'potential', 'rollout', 'JVs', 'dedicated', 'determination', 'decision-making', 'customers', '2023 Change', 'EPS', 'diluted', 'data', 'Reference', 'section', 'document', 'AMSTERDAM', 'September', '90 days', 'profitability', 'use', 'risks', 'emissions', 'communication', 'suppliers', 'collaboration', 'problem-solving', 'governments', 'regulators', 'regions', 'speed', 'rigor', 'challenging 2024', 'consumers', 'freedom']",2025-02-26,2025-02-27,globenewswire.com
49099,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/26/3032555/0/en/Worldline-FY-2024-RESULTS.html,Worldline FY 2024 RESULTS,FY 2024 RESULTSRefocus and rebound underway   FY24 results€4 632m revenue  +0.5% organic growth  of which +1.9% in Merchant Services€1 070m adjusted......,"FY 2024 RESULTSRefocus and rebound underwayFY24 results€4 632m revenue  +0.5% organic growth  of which +1.9% in Merchant Services€1 070m adjusted EBITDA€201m free cash-flow  or 19% adjusted EBITDA conversion rate€434m Normalized Net Income group share€(297)m reported Net Income group share12025: leveraging Worldline’s repositioning to start the reboundNew product developments to accelerate in H2’25with renewed leadership team in MSStrict focus on cost control while leveraging Power24 to improve unlevered free cash flowPortfolio pruning well underwaySolid balance sheet and liquidity profileActive management of debt maturity profile while maintaining strong liquidity(successful issuance of a €500m 5-year bond and RCF maturity extended)Worldline appoints Pierre-Antoine Vacheron as Chief Executive Officer30 years of extensive experience in internationaland transformative contexts including 15 in the payments industryStrong focus on product innovation  technology and customer excellenceto shape a highly competitive and modern payments playerEffective March 1st  20252025 OutlookSimilar revenue growth rate in 2025 vs. 2024Growth in unlevered Free Cash Flow vs. 20242Further details regarding the 2025 trajectory will be provided during the Q1 2025 publicationto take place on April 23rd  2025The new CEO will be working on Worldline’s next strategic plan to be presented in the AutumnParis  La Défense  February 26  2025 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  today announces its 2024 annual results.Grégory Lambertie  CFO of Worldline  said: ""Thanks to our teams’ efforts to tackle specific challenges faced during the summer  we managed to deliver our 2024 financial results despite a slowdown in Europe. We remained focused on cost control across the organization as demonstrated by our free cash flow performance.In 2024  we successfully executed the Power24 plan to reorganize the company and adapt it to the evolving competitive landscape. In 2025  we will continue to reposition Worldline on a sustainable growth trajectory so as to accelerate by the end of this year.We will also continue to manage operating costs  capital expenditure and working capital tightly in order to deliver steady growth in unlevered free cash flow in 2025 and beyond.Furthermore  following a decade of market consolidation  we have started our portfolio pruning so as to refocus on our core activity and drive value creation for all stakeholders in the medium term.”FY 2024 KEY HIGHLIGHTSNew products and partnerships to support activity rebound in H2’25Throughout 2024  Worldline teams worked hard to sow the seeds of the Group’s rebound by signing a number of high-value partnerships  launching new innovative products and strengthening banking distribution networks. Among others:New product releases :Leveraging the partnership with OPP  Worldline launched an innovative Embedded Payments solution in Europe for ISVs and marketplaces  covering the full revenue ecosystem from global online acceptance to full acquiring capabilities  with already 165 partners onboardedRelevance of our SoftPos solution: more than 6 300 micro-merchants already onboarded and countingPartnership with Visa to launch a virtual card issuing solution for Online Travel AgenciesIn Financial Services  onboarding of a bank on its new cloud-based instant payments solution leveraging the strategic partnership signed with Google launch of “Bank Transfer by Worldline”  a new account-to-account payment method available in 14 European countries  marking a successful collaboration between Merchant Solutions and Financial Services DNB  the largest financial services group in Norway  will leverage Worldline's Swift Instant Connectivity to TIPS (TARGET Instant Payment Settlement) to enhance its payment infrastructure and provide seamless  reliable real-time payment services to its clients. Likewise  Worldline signed a contract with GarantiBBVA International N.V. to implement its cloud-based instant payments solution.On the distribution front :Worldline reinforced its footprint in the fast-food industry with Tabesto  the order-taking and payment specialist. This ISV partnership encompasses 36 countries  promoting SoftPos Worldline Tap on Mobile technology to enhance the ordering and payment kiosk experience. Through its partnership with Wix  Worldline will expand payment solutions online for businesses in Europe and Asia Pacific thanks to its integrated payment acceptance powered by localised acquiring capabilities to offer merchants an all-in-one solution Worldline signed a long-term strategic agreement with RCH  Italy's leading technology company for the management of electronic cash systems with around 350 000 clients  to offer integrated payment solutions for the point of sale.Reinforcing banking networks:In Italy  CCB’s migration of circa 60 000 merchants’ portfolio started end 2024 with a full ramp-up expected in 2025 the Worldline platformRoll-out of Worldline’s payment solutions with the migration of Credem’s 25 000+ merchants in ItalyThe partnership between Worldline and Crédit Agricole is progressing well with the initial launch of products destined for small and medium-sized businesses  before a progressive roll-out of the offering for the enterprise segment later in 2025.Strong focus on cost controlIn 2024  Worldline successfully implemented its Power24 program and raised its target for total cash cost savings to €220 million  and full run rate by the end of 2025.Management actions have also been focused on reducing rationalization and integration costs and strictly managing capital expenditure and working capital.Cash rationalization & integration costs excluding Power24 thus declined in 2024 to €112 million versus €165 million in 2023 and should decline further to represent around 1% of revenue in the medium termCapex declined to €281.5 million in 2024 from €332.9 million in 2023Working capital  while still representing an outflow in 2024  is expected to progressively trend towards a neutral cash contribution in the medium term.All of these efforts underpin the Group’s ambition to significantly improve free cash flow generation in the coming years  supported also by the significantly lower cash cost of Power24 implementation in 2025.Governance updateOn June 13  Worldline hosted its Shareholders’ General Meeting chaired by Mr. Georges Pauget  Interim Chairman of the Board of Directors. Following the Shareholders’ Meeting and as announced on March 21  2024  the Board of Directors decided  upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to appoint Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors. All resolutions submitted by the Board of Directors were adopted  in particular:the Company and consolidated accounts for the financial year ended on December 31st  2023the renewal of the term of office as director of Mrs. Nazan Somer Özelgin and Mr. Daniel Schmucki  for a period of three yearsthe ratification of the co-optation of Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as director and its re-appointment for a new term of office of three years; and the appointment of three new directors  Mrs. Agnès Park  Mrs. Sylvia Steinmann andMr. Olivier Gavalda for a period of three years.As previously announced  the Board of Directors is now composed of 13 directors  including two employee directors. The renewed Board showcases strong diversity with Directors being 64% independent directors  46% women and 64% directors of foreign nationality (other than the employee directors).Worldline appoints Pierre-Antoine Vacheron as Chief Executive OfficerWorldline announced yesterday the appointment of Mr. Pierre-Antoine Vacheron as Chief Executive Officer  effective March 1st  2025. The Board of Directors determined that the company required a new external profile. and is confident that Pierre-Antoine will bring a fresh perspective to Worldline. His priorities will include transforming the company's performance  enhancing the client experience  and strengthening the talent pool and the company’s culture. The Board of Directors extends its heartfelt thanks to Marc-Henri for his contributions to the development of Worldline during his tenure as Deputy CEO and ad interim CEO. His steady leadership since October 2024 has been invaluable and reflecting his unwavering commitment to the company’s success  he will ensure a seamless transition to Pierre-Antoine.Pierre-Antoine brings over 30 years of extensive international and transformational experience as CEO and CFO in the payments  retail and banking industries  most recently as CEO of Payments of Group BPCE and CEO of Natixis Payments. During his tenure at BPCE  Pierre-Antoine focused on product innovation  simplifying the technology and providing excellent customer service to shape a highly competitive and modern payments player in card and account-to-account processing  omnichannel commerce and bank-as-a-service. Before his role at BPCE  Pierre-Antoine headed the Global Merchant Services and Acquiring division of the Ingenico Group. During this period  he oversaw the diversification of Ingenico from a hardware-oriented payments processor to a leading payment services provider.Strong balance sheet and liquidity profileWorldline is committed to maintaining a solid financial structure including a strong liquidity profile.Structural actions were implemented to achieve this objective:July 4  2024  Worldline signed a €1.125bn Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) maturing in July 2029. The RCF includes two one-year extension options at the lenders’ discretion. The RCF replaces and upsizes the existing €450m and €600m RCFs maturing in December 2025. It is supported by a pool of 17 international banks including new lendersNovember 21  2024  Worldline issued a new €500 million bond under the existing EMTN program  maturing on November 27  2029  and paying interest of 5.25% per annum on the outstanding principal amount. These bonds are rated BBB- by S&P Global Ratings  in line with the latest corporate credit rating of the Company confirmed on September 24  2024November 21  2024  Worldline repurchased outstanding OCEANEs due July 2025 and OCEANEs due July 2026 for a total consideration of approximately €250 million. The repurchased bonds were cancelled after the repurchase in accordance with their respective terms and conditions.Worldline will continue to actively manage its debt maturity profile  while maintaining its strong financial liquidity.FY 2024 PERFORMANCEFY 2024 key figuresIn € million FY 2024 FY 2023 change Published Revenue* 4 632 4 609 +0.5% Net Net Revenue** 3 729 3 777 -1.3% Adjusted EBITDA* 1 070 1 112 -3.7% % of Published revenue 23.1% 24.1% (101) bps % of Net Net Revenue 28.7% 29.4% (72) bps EBITDA 750 905 -17.1% % of Published revenue 16.2% 19.6% % of Net Net Revenue 20.1% 24.0% Net income Group share (297) (817) Normalized net income Group share 434 521 -16.8% % of published revenue 9.4% 11.3% Free cash flow (FCF) 201 355 -43.4% Adjusted EBITDA to FCF conversion rate*** 18.8% 32.0% Closing net debt including lease liability (IFRS16) 2 012 2 156 -6.7% Group leverage ratio 1.9x 1.9x *at constant scope and exchange rates ** Revenue excluding schemes and partner fees *** FY 2023 conversion rate calculated on FY 2023 adjusted EBITDA reportedWorldline’s FY 2024 revenue reached €4 632 million  representing +0.5% organic revenue growth  with a slowdown in the second half of the year driven by an overall soft consumption context  the re-insourcing process of a large customer in Financial Services and some specific challenges in Merchant Services over the summer.The Group’s adjusted EBITDA reached €1 070 million in FY 2024  representing 23.1% of revenue  in a challenging context in Merchant Services and Financial Services.Net income Group share from continued operations was €-297 million  mainly impacted by the €349 million change in fair value of TSS preferred shares. On a normalized basis (excluding unusual and infrequent items  Group share  net of tax) reached €434 million  (versus €521 million in 2023)  equating to normalized basic and diluted EPS of €1.53 in FY 2024.Free cash flow came to €201 million or 19% adjusted EBITDA conversion rate (free cash flow divided by adjusted EBITDA)  mainly impacted by the Power24 plan which represented €139 million. The main parameters of free cash flow were:The reduction in capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue at 6.1% (versus 7.2% in 2023)A working capital outflow of €72 million  as expected and in line with the Group’s planned trajectory for working capital to progressively have a neutral cash impact in the coming yearsThe further reduction in Integration and Rationalization costs excluding strategic projects to €112 million  an amount that will continue to decline in the coming years.Group Net debt amounted to €2 012 million at the end of 2024 including IFRS16 leases  down by around €150 million compared with 2023  representing a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.9x including IFRS16 leases.Q4 revenue figures by Global Business Lines:In € million Q42024 Q42023* Organic growth (Published) Organic growth (NNR) Merchant Services 864 855 +1.2% -3.3% Financial Services 224 246 -8.9% -9.2% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 92 90 +1.6% +1.6% Worldline 1 180 1 191 -0.9% -4.3% *at constant scope and exchange ratesWorldline’s Q4 2024 revenue reached €1 180 million  representing -0.9% organic growth. In a soft macro-economic environment in Europe and despite the impact of merchant terminations and delays in the delivery of next-generation hardware products  the Merchant Services division delivered positive growth thanks notably to continued favorable momentum in Southern Europe. The Financial Services division was impacted by the re-insourcing process of a large customer  as in Q3  while Issuing and Instant Payments were still well oriented. Mobility & e-Transactional Services achieved growth across all segments  driven in particular by Worldline’s Contact solutions in France.Merchant ServicesMerchant Services’ revenue in Q4 2024 reached €864 million  representing an organic growth of +1.2%. In a soft macro-economic context  activity in the quarter was held back by the termination of merchant contracts  with the impact of the latter coming to an end in H1’25  as well as delays in the delivery of next-generation hardware products. The specific issues encountered in Q3’24 were resolved as planned  with Australia back to accretive growth and a strong improvement in the online verticals which had declined in the summer. By division  the performance was the following:Commercial Acquiring: Good growth driven by market share gains in Southern Europe and solid activity levels in Central Europe  partially offset by some online contract terminations and a soft performance in Northern Europe.Payment Acceptance: Solid growth driven by the recovery of some online verticals. Digital Services: Decline as a result of hardware delivery delays offsetting good activity in Turkey.During the fourth quarter  Merchant Services benefited from robust commercial activity with a number of contracts signed  for example with Fortech  myWorld  Wix  RCH and various airlines including Qatar Airways.In parallel  Worldline renewed its contract with PayPal to provide gateway services to branded and unbranded businesses in the Mexican and Brazilian markets  demonstrating the Group’s ability to navigate complex partnerships and deliver innovative solutions.Financial ServicesQ4 2024 revenue reached €224 million  a -8.9% organic growth  largely affected by the re-insourcing process of a significant client which had already impacted Q3’24 revenue. The performance by division was the following:Card-based payment processing activities (Issuing Processing and Acquiring Processing): good growth driven by new projects and greater demand  notably in Finland.Digital Banking: sales lower year-on-year as greater activity in Sanctions Securities and Monitoring solutions was more than offset by lower volumes overall.Account Payments: the one-off re-insourcing of a large client drove a significant decline in sales  as expected  while the dynamic was good in the Netherlands.In the 4th quarter  Financial Services maintained a positive commercial momentum and recorded new wins including with Argenta in issuing  Dimoco in open banking and Garanti Bank in instant payments. This should support a return to growth for this division in H2’25  supported by the end of the impact of the one-off re-insourcing process.Mobility & e-Transactional ServicesRevenue in Mobility & e-Transactional Services grew +1.6% to €92 million  driven by new business developments in France. The performance by division was the following:Trusted Services: slight growth thanks to increased activity in France  notably with ANCV (Chèques Vacances) and Caisse Nationale d’Assurance Maladie.Transport & Mobility: moderately higher sales driven by ticketing solutions in France which more than offset lower activity in the UK. Omnichannel interactions: Good growth thanks to increased Contact volumes in France more than offsetting slightly lower sales in Iberia.In the fourth quarter  Mobility & e-Transactional Services signed a new 5-year contract with Transport for Wales Rail Limited  and notably won contracts in France with Pays de la Loire to improve mobility services and with the Ministère des Transports linked to the experimentation of a unique  national transport ticket.2024 performance per Global Business LineRevenue Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA % NNR NNR Adjusted EBITDA % In € million FY2024 FY2023* Organic change FY2024 FY2023* Organic change FY2024 FY2023* Organic change FY2024 FY2023* FY2024 FY2023* Organic change Merchant Services 3 390 3 326 +1.9% 815 850 -4.1% 24.0% 25.5% (150) bps 2 496 2 504 32.7% 33.9% (126) bps Financial Services 891 940 -5.1% 242 274 -11.7% 27.1% 29.1% (201) bps 882 929 27.4% 29.4% (205) bps Mobility & e-Transactional Services 351 344 +2.1% 68 48 +41.6% 19.4% 14.0% +541 bps 351 344 19.4% 14.0% +541 bps Corporate (54) (59) -8.7% -1.2% -1.3% +12 bps -1.2% -1.3% +12 bps Worldline 4 632 4 609 +0.5% 1 070 1 112 -3.7% 23.1% 24.1% (101) bps 3 729 3 777 28.7% 29.4% (72) bps* at constant scope and exchange ratesMerchant Services revenue in FY 2024 reached €3 390 million  representing an organic growth of +1.9%. Despite a good momentum in our core geographies such as Central Europe and strong activity driven by market share gains in Italy  Merchant Services' performance was impacted by softer macroeconomic conditions during the year  the termination of some of our online merchants as planned  specific performance issues in our Asia-Pacific business and in some global online verticals over the summer which were resolved in Q4’24  as well as delays in the delivery of next-generation hardware products. Adjusted EBITDA amounted to €815 million  24.0% of revenue  impacted by a soft revenue performance  as well as by an unfavorable country mix linked to the outperformance of Southern European markets relative to Central Europe.Financial Services revenues in 2024 reached €891 million  down by 5.1% compared with FY 2023. The continued positive momentum in acquiring and issuing processing was more than offset by the large one-off re-insourcing process that started in the second quarter of 2024 in the Account Payments activity. Adjusted EBITDA reached €242 million  representing 27.1% of revenue. The division was affected by the soft revenue performance which was not offset by cost-based mitigation actions launched at the end of the first half.Mobility & e-Transactional Services revenue reached €351 million  up 2.1% organically  mainly driven by increased activity in France in Trusted Services and new projects won in the second half of 2024 in the Omnichannel interactions division. Adjusted EBITDA reached €68 million  representing 19.4% of revenue driven by the strong productivity improvement in project roll-outs.Corporate costs amounted to €54 million in FY 2024  representing 1.2% of total Group revenue compared with €59 million in FY 2023  benefitting from the implementation of rigorous cost control in support functions.2025 OUTLOOKSimilar revenue growth rate in 2025 vs. 2024with progressive acceleration in H2’25 after an H1’25 performance slightly below Q4’24 growth ratewith progressive acceleration in H2’25 after an H1’25 performance slightly below Q4’24 growth rate Growth in unlevered Free Cash Flow vs. 2024Further details regarding the 2025 trajectory will be provided during the Q1 2025 publication to take place on April 23 rd   2025to take place on April 23   2025 The new CEO will be working on Worldline’s next strategic plan to be presented in the AutumnThe audit procedures on the consolidated accounts have been carried out  and the certification report will be issued after the completion of the verification of the management report and the due diligence related to the electronic ESEF format of the 2024 accounts.AppendicesRECONCILIATION OF Q4 2023 STATUTORY REVENUE WITH Q4 2023 REVENUE AT CONSTANT SCOPE AND EXCHANGE RATESFor the analysis of the Group’s performance  revenue for Q4 2024 is compared to Q4 2023 revenue at constant scope and exchange rates as presented below per Global Business Lines:Revenue In € million Q4 2023 Scope effects** Exchange rates effects Q4 2023* Merchant Services 849 -0.4 +5.8 855 Financial Services 248 -2.8 +0.8 246 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 89 +0.0 +0.8 90 Worldline 1 187 -3.2 7.5 1 191 * At constant scope and December 2024 YTD average exchange rates ** At December 2023 YTD average exchange ratesExchange rates effect in Q4 were mainly due to appreciation of the Turkish Lira and Swiss Franc  while scope effects are mainly related to the divestment of ePay in Merchant Services and internal scope adjustments (in particular the disposal of Consulting & Services entity in Germany).RECONCILIATION OF FY 2023 STATUTORY REVENUE AND ADJUSTED EBITDA WITH FY 2023 REVENUE AND ADJUSTED EBITDA AT CONSTANT SCOPE AND EXCHANGE RATESFor the analysis of the Group’s performance  revenue and Adjusted EBITDA for FY 2024 are compared with FY 2023 revenue and Adj. EBITDA at constant scope and exchange rates. Reconciliation between the FY 2023 reported revenue and Adj. EBITDA and the FY 2023 revenue and Adjusted EBITDA at constant scope and foreign exchange rates is presented below per Global Business Lines:Revenue In € million FY 2023 Scope effects** Exchange rates effects FY 2023* Merchant Services 3 325 +2.7 -1.8 3 326 Financial Services 944 -5.6 +1.0 940 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 342 +0.0 +2.0 344 Worldline 4 610 -2.9 +1.2 4 609 * At constant scope and December 2024 YTD average exchange rates ** At December 2023 YTD average exchange ratesAdjusted EBITDA In € million FY 2023 Scope effects** Exchange rates effects FY 2023* Merchant Services 847 +0.6 +2.0 850 Financial Services 275 -1.8 +0.7 274 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 48 -0.8 +0.5 48 Corporate -59 +0.0 -0.0 -59 Worldline 1 110 -2.4 +3.2 1 112 * At constant scope and December 2024 YTD average exchange rates ** At December 2023 YTD average exchange ratesExchanges rates effect in FY were mainly due to the appreciation of the Swiss Franc and the British Pound  largely offset by the depreciation of the Turkish Lira  Czech Koruna or Indian Rupee  while scope effects are mainly related to the integration of Banco Desio and the divestment of ePay within Merchant Services and internal scope adjustments (in particular the disposal of Consulting & Services entity in Germany).2023 ESTIMATED PRO FORMAFor the analysis of the Group’s organic performance  revenue and Adj. EBITDA in 2024 are compared with 2023 revenue and Adj. EBITDA at constant scope and exchange rates. FY 2023 estimated pro forma is presented below (per Global Business Lines):2023 estimated proforma Q1* Q2** H1** Q3*** Q4**** H2**** FY**** In € million Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Merchant Services 757 849 1 606 865 855 1 719 3 326 Financial Services 229 235 464 230 246 476 940 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 84 88 172 81 90 172 344 Worldline 1 070 1 172 2 242 1 176 1 191 2 367 4 609 In € million Adj. EBITDA** Adj. EBITDA*** Adj. EBITDA Merchant Services 400 450 850 Financial Services 125 149 274 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 24 24 48 Corporate costs -30 -29 -59 Worldline 518 593 1 112 In % Adj. EBITDA% Adj. EBITDA% Adj. EBITDA Merchant Services 24.9% 26.2% 25.5% Financial Services 26.9% 31.3% 29.1% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 13.7% 14.2% 14.0% Corporate costs -1.3% -1.2% -1.3% Worldline 23.1% 25.1% 24.1% *at March 2024 YTD average exchange rates **at June 2024 YTD average exchange rates ***at September 2024 YTD average exchange rates ***at december 2024 YTD average exchange ratesMain components of the scope effects on 2023 estimated pro forma:Contribution of Banco Desio for 9 months (integrated for 9 months in 2023 reported)Divestment of ePayInternal scope adjustments (in particular the disposal of Consulting & Services entity in Germany)RECONCILIATION TABLESTo enhance the comparability of our reporting metrics  we will now provide added non-GAAP reporting information1. Published Revenue to Net Net Revenue reconciliation and impacts on adjusted EBITDA marginNet Net Revenue information excluding schemes and partners fees  showing growth and margin levels from an NNR perspective to enable better comparison with peers.Revenue In € million FY 2024 Published Schemes & Partners fees FY 2024 Net Net FY 2023 Published* Schemes & Partners fees FY 2023 Net Net OG% FY Published OG% FY Net Net Merchant Services 3 390 (894) 2 496 3 326 (821) 2 504 +1.9% -0.3% Financial Services 891 (9) 882 940 (10) 929 -5.1% -5.1% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 351 351 344 344 +2.1% +2.1% Revenue 4 632 (903) 3 729 4 609 (831) 3 777 +0.5% -1.3% * at constant scope and exchange rates Adjusted EBITDA In € million FY 2024 Published % margin (on Published Revenue) % margin (on Net Net Revenue) FY 2023 Published* % margin (on Published Revenue) % margin (on Net Net Revenue) OG% FY Published OG% FY Net Net Merchant Services 815 24.0% 32.7% 850 25.5% 33.9% (150) bps (126) bps Financial Services 242 27.1% 27.4% 274 29.1% 29.4% (201) bps (205) bps Mobility & e-Transactional Services 68 19.4% 19.4% 48 14.0% 14.0% +541 bps +541 bps Corporate -54 -1.2% -1.2% -59 -1.3% -1.3% +12 bps +12 bps Adjusted EBITDA 1 070 23.1% 28.7% 1 112 24.1% 29.4% (101) bps (72) bps * at constant scope and exchange rates2. Adjusted EBITDA to EBITDA reconciliationEBITDA information is equal to the Adjusted EBITDA minus integration and rationalization costs:(In € million) 12 months ended December 31  2024 12 months ended December 31  2023 Adjusted EBITDA 1 070 1 110 Rationalization and associated costs (from other operating income and expense) (233) (63) Integration and acquisition costs (88) (143) EBITDA 750 905Operating margin to Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation(In € million) 12 months ended December 31  2024 12 months ended December 31  2023 Operating margin 687 790 + Depreciation of fixed assets 350 298 + Net book value of assets sold/written off 7 4 +/- Net charge/(release) of pension provisions 10 (1) +/- Net charge/(release) of provisions 17 19 Adjusted EBITDA 1 070 1 1103. Net income to normalized net income reconciliationThe normalized net income is defined as net income attributable to continued operations excluding unusual and infrequent items (attributable to the owners of the parent)  net of tax. For 2024  the amount was €434 million  compared to €521 million in 2023.(In € million) 12 months ended December 31  2024 12 months ended December 31  2023 Net income - Attributable to owners of the parent (297) (817) Other operating income and expenses (Group share) 509 1 444 Financial loss on fair value of preferred shares (Group's share) 349 - Tax impact on unusual items (124) (105) Normalized net income - Attributable to owners of the parent 434 5214. EPS calculationThe weighted average number of shares amounts to 282 567 142 shares for the period. At December 31  2024  as at December 31  2023  there are no potentially dilutive instruments as all equity instruments are potentially accretive.In € million - attributable to the owner of the parent 12 months ended December 31  2024 % revenue 12 months ended December 31  2023 % revenue Net income [a] (297) (6.4)% (817) (17.7)% Diluted net income [b] (297) (6.4)% (817) (17.7)% Normalized net income - continued [c] 434 9.4% 521 11.3% Normalized diluted net income - continued [d] 434 9.4% 521 11.3% Average number of shares [e] 282 567 142 282 110 764 Impact of dilutive instruments 0 0 Diluted average number of shares [f] 282 567 142 282 110 764 In € Basic EPS [a] / [e] (1.05) (2.90) Diluted EPS [b] / [f] (1.05) (2.90) Normalized basic EPS [c] / [e] 1.53 1.85 Normalized diluted EPS [d] / [f] 1.53 1.855. Leverage ratio bridge excluding and including IFRS16In € million 2022 2023 2024 Net Debt 2 202 1 811 1 610 Lease liability 326 345 402 Net debt including lease liability 2 528 2 156 2 012 Group leverage ratio excluding lease liability 1 9x 1 6x 1 5x Group leverage ratio including lease liability 2 2x 1 9x 1 9xFORTHCOMING EVENTSApril 23  2025: Q1 2025 revenueJune 5  2025: Annual General Meeting July 30  2025: H1 2025 resultsINVESTOR RELATIONSLaurent MarieE laurent.marie@worldline.comPeter FarrenE peter.farren@worldline.comGuillaume DelaunayE guillaume.delaunay@worldline.comCOMMUNICATIONSandrine van der GhinstE sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène CarlanderE helene.carlander@worldline.comABOUT WORLDLINEWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated circa €4.6 billion revenue in 2024. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.FOLLOW USDISCLAIMERThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 30  2024 under the filling number: D.24-0377 and its Amendment filed on August 2  2024  under number D.24-0377-A01.Revenue organic growth and Adjusted EBITDA improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. Adjusted EBITDA is presented as defined in the 2023 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2024 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 Impacted by €349 million change in fair value linked to TSS preferred shares and €203 million restructuring costs linked notably to Power24.2 Unlevered FCF: FCF before cash costs of net financial debt.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.18,0.03,True,English,"['Worldline FY 2024 RESULTS', 'seamless, reliable real-time payment services', 'new cloud-based instant payments solution', 'unlevered free cash flow', 'free cash flow performance', 'virtual card issuing solution', 'Net Income group share', 'innovative Embedded Payments solution', 'TARGET Instant Payment Settlement', '19% adjusted EBITDA conversion rate', 'GarantiBBVA International N.V.', 'Similar revenue growth rate', 'largest financial services group', '201m free cash-flow', 'electronic cash systems', 'modern payments player', 'Solid balance sheet', '€500m 5-year bond', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'La Défense', 'Grégory Lambertie', 'Online Travel Agencies', 'localised acquiring capabilities', 'new innovative products', 'integrated payment acceptance', 'Financial Services DNB', 'full revenue ecosystem', 'full acquiring capabilities', 'long-term strategic agreement', 'New product developments', 'New product releases', 'FY 2024 KEY HIGHLIGHTS', 'global online acceptance', 'account payment method', 'payment kiosk experience', 'next strategic plan', 'integrated payment solutions', 'debt maturity profile', 'evolving competitive landscape', 'banking distribution networks', 'sustainable growth trajectory', 'leading technology company', 'SoftPos Worldline Tap', 'SoftPos solution', 'Instant Connectivity', 'payments industry', 'one solution', 'New products', 'new account', '632m revenue', 'Merchant Services', 'banking networks', 'new CEO', 'payment infrastructure', 'payment specialist', '2024 financial results', 'product innovation', 'full ramp-up', 'FY 2024 RESULTS', 'liquidity profile', 'RCF maturity', 'extensive experience', 'global leader', 'distribution front', '0.5% organic growth', 'steady growth', 'Merchant Solutions', 'strategic partnership', 'FY24 results', 'leadership team', 'Strict focus', 'cost control', 'Portfolio pruning', 'strong liquidity', 'successful issuance', 'Pierre-Antoine Vacheron', 'transformative contexts', 'Strong focus', 'customer excellence', 'Further details', 'Q1 2025 publication', 'April 23rd', '2024 annual results', 'teams’ efforts', 'specific challenges', 'Power24 plan', 'operating costs', 'capital expenditure', 'working capital', 'market consolidation', 'core activity', 'value creation', 'medium term', 'Google launch', 'successful collaboration', 'fast-food industry', 'Mobile technology', 'Asia Pacific', 'Active management', 'high-value partnerships', 'Bank Transfer', '14 European countries', '60,000 merchants’ portfolio', 'ISV partnership', 'activity rebound', 'Worldline teams', 'Worldline platform', '2025 trajectory', '36 countries', 'Refocus', 'H2', '30 years', '2025 Outlook', 'place', 'Autumn', 'Paris', 'February', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'CFO', 'summer', 'slowdown', 'organization', 'order', 'decade', 'stakeholders', 'seeds', 'number', 'others', 'OPP', 'ISVs', '165 partners', 'Relevance', '6,300 micro-merchants', 'Visa', 'Norway', 'Swift', 'TIPS', 'clients', 'contract', 'footprint', 'Tabesto', 'Wix', 'businesses', 'Italy', 'point', 'sale', 'CCB', 'migration', 'circa', 'Roll-out']",2025-02-26,2025-02-27,globenewswire.com
49100,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/28/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/jcdecaux-is-once-again-referenced-in-the-cdp-a-list-maintaining-its-leadership-level-in-2024/2064262,JCDecaux is once again referenced in the CDP A List  maintaining its Leadership level in 2024,Paris  February 27th  2025 - JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has been once again recognised for leadership in corporate transparency and performance on climate change by global non-profit CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project)  securing a place on its annual 'A List' for the second year in the row.,"JCDecaux is once again referenced in the CDP A List  maintaining its Leadership level in 2024Paris  February 27th  2025 - JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has been once again recognised for leadership in corporate transparency and performance on climate change by global non-profit CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project)  securing a place on its annual 'A List' for the second year in the row.Based on data reported through CDP's 2024 Climate Change questionnaire  JCDecaux SE is one of a small number of companies that achieved an 'A' out of over 24 800 companies scored. Reflecting its significant and measurable environmental actions  JCDecaux has been listed for the fourth time in the A list  showcasing companies that are leading the way in the fight against climate change.This continued recognition of the Group's efforts to mitigate climate risks and develop a low-carbon economy is real proof of its sustainable commitment  the strength of its policy and its transparency on environmental issues.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyA detailed and independent methodology is used by CDP to assess companies  allocating a score of A to D- based on the comprehensiveness of disclosure  awareness and management of environmental risks and demonstration of best practices associated with environmental leadership  such as setting ambitious and meaningful targets. Those that don't disclose or provide insufficient information are scored an F.Reducing the Group's carbon footprint remains an absolute priority and JCDecaux is committed to achieving Net Zero Carbon by 2050. To achieve this  the Group has committed to a Science-Based Targets (SBTi) trajectory with short- and long-term absolute emission reduction targets at company level  based on the following objectives:AdvertisementBy 2030: reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by at least 72.8% and Scope 3 emissions by 46.2% in absolute value vs. 2019 (market-based).By 2050: reduce by at least 90% the emissions of scopes 1  2 and 3 in absolute value vs. 2019 (market-based).In June 2024  the SBTi reviewed and validated JCDecaux's carbon reduction targets.JCDecaux is continuing its actions to reduce its carbon impact through concrete solutions such as:Conducting life cycle analyses on its furniture in order to identify the main environmental impacts  applying eco-design principles and the strengthening of its approach with ""Eco Design Index""  an educational tool to evaluate and communicate on the environmental performance of its furniture;Refurbishing furniture at the end of the contract  thus in line with the principles of the circular economy;Reducing the electricity consumption of its street furniture  by replacing old lighting systems with newer and more environmentally-friendly technologies such as LEDs  which are more energy-efficient (LED retrofit)  intelligent solutions to optimise and reduce the light intensity (dimming);Being the first outdoor advertising group to join the RE100 in 2019  an international coalition of companies committed to 100% renewable electricity production. Covering 100% of its power requirements with electricity from renewable sources since 2022;Selecting low emissions vehicles wherever possible for operating staff. AdvertisementThe Group is confident in its response to the environmental challenges of the future. Its strong commitment to mitigating the effects of climate change  as evidenced by its ambitious 2030 ESG Strategy and its proactive Group-wide Climate StrategyJCDecaux has also joined the Euronext Paris CAC® SBT 1.5° climate index  which aims to pave the way for a zero-carbon economy  drive innovation and foster sustainable growth by setting science-based emissions reduction targets.Jean-Charles Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said: ""We are particularly proud to be on the CDP A list again. As 2025 marks the 10th anniversary of the Paris Climate Agreement  this recognition reflects our historical commitment to an ongoing and sustainable business model that respects society and the environment  while demonstrating to all our stakeholders our maturity and sense of responsibility towards the climate emergency. Our virtuous business model resonates with the Green Taxonomy  as nearly 50% of our revenues are aligned with this European regulation. As the number one worldwide in our business sector  we are determined to play an active role in the collective response to the challenges of climate change and to make outdoor advertising a driver of the ecological transition. JCDecaux will continue to work with all its stakeholders and to support those involved in public and private procurement to ensure that it becomes a powerful and effective driver of sustainable development  based upon quality as well as ambitious environmental and social criteria.”AdvertisementKey Figures for JCDecaux2023 revenue: €3 570.0m(a) - H1 2024 revenue: €1 807.6m(a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 056 833 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 918 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 650 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the SBF 120 and CAC Mid 60 indexesJCDecaux's Group carbon reduction trajectory has been approved by the SBTi and the company has joined the Euronext Paris CAC® SBT 1.5° indexJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.8/5)  CDP (A)  MSCI (AAA)  Sustainalytics (13.1)  and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (630 196 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 258 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (319 081 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (85 743 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (708 620 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (165 292 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (91 682 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (25 337 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (21 300 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube.AdvertisementCommunications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 - [email protected]Investor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 - [email protected]AdvertisementAttachment",positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.2,0.24,True,English,"['CDP A List', 'Leadership level', 'JCDecaux', 'Euronext Paris CAC® SBT 1.5° climate index', 'long-term absolute emission reduction targets', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'proactive Group-wide Climate Strategy', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'first outdoor advertising group', 'science-based emissions reduction targets', 'Eco Design Index', 'carbon reduction targets', 'life cycle analyses', 'old lighting systems', 'Paris Climate Agreement', 'virtuous business model', ""annual 'A List"", 'Net Zero Carbon', 'global non-profit CDP', 'ambitious 2030 ESG Strategy', 'main environmental impacts', '2024 Climate Change questionnaire', 'low emissions vehicles', 'sustainable business model', 'CDP A List', '100% renewable electricity production', 'measurable environmental actions', 'Science-Based Targets', 'meaningful targets', 'company level', 'climate risks', 'The Group', 'climate emergency', 'absolute priority', 'absolute value', 'business sector', 'carbon footprint', 'carbon impact', 'renewable sources', 'sustainable commitment', 'sustainable growth', 'sustainable development', 'environmental issues', 'environmental risks', 'February 27th', 'second year', 'fourth time', 'low-carbon economy', 'real proof', 'latest news', 'email address', 'independent methodology', 'best practices', 'insufficient information', 'following objectives', 'concrete solutions', 'educational tool', 'circular economy', 'electricity consumption', 'environmentally-friendly technologies', 'LED retrofit', 'intelligent solutions', 'light intensity', 'international coalition', 'power requirements', 'operating staff', 'strong commitment', 'zero-carbon economy', 'Jean-Charles Decaux', 'Executive Board', '10th anniversary', 'historical commitment', 'Green Taxonomy', 'European regulation', 'active role', 'ecological transition', 'private procurement', 'social criteria', 'Key Figures', 'environmental leadership', 'Leadership level', 'environmental performance', 'environmental challenges', 'corporate transparency', 'continued recognition', 'Privacy Policy', 'SBTi) trajectory', 'eco-design principles', 'collective response', 'effective driver', 'small number', 'street furniture', 'JCDecaux SE', '2 emissions', 'place', 'data', 'companies', 'significant', 'way', 'fight', 'efforts', 'strength', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'detailed', 'score', 'comprehensiveness', 'disclosure', 'awareness', 'management', 'demonstration', 'F.', 'Advertisement', 'Scope', 'June', 'order', 'approach', 'contract', 'line', 'newer', 'LEDs', 'efficient', 'dimming', 'RE100', 'future', 'effects', 'innovation', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'ongoing', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'maturity', 'sense', 'responsibility', 'revenues', 'public', 'powerful', 'quality', '2050', '72']",2025-02-28,2025-02-27,manilatimes.net
49101,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64676586-unifiedpost-delivers-on-strategic-refocus-and-improves-balance-sheet-strength-399.htm,Unifiedpost delivers on strategic refocus and improves balance sheet strength,Press release - Regulated information - Inside inforrmation La Hulpe  Belgium - February 27  2025  7:00 a.m. CET - [REGULATED INFORMATION] Unifiedpost Group SA (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost)  a leading,"Press release - Regulated information - Inside inforrmationLa Hulpe  Belgium - February 27  2025  7:00 a.m. CET - [REGULATED INFORMATION] Unifiedpost Group SA (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost)  a leading provider of integrated business communications solutions  presents its results for FY 2024. Unifedpost has executed its strategic priorities  including portfolio rationalisation  while improving its balance sheet strength and operational efficiencies.Strategic & Operational HighlightsCompleted divestments of FitekIN/ONEA and Wholesale Identity Access BusinessDe-risked balance sheet through partial repayment of Francisco Partners' senior facility loan by €95mSignificantly reduced net debt position by ~€ 73m at year-endEnhanced governance structure with a strengthened Board and new CEOStrategic partnerships delivering value creation across key marketsFY 2024 Financial Highlights - Continuing operations1Reported first contributions from income from client money 2 amounting to €0 7mamounting to €0 7m Steady growth in Subscription and Transaction 3 revenue of 8 2% y/y and 9 3% y/y  respectivelyrevenue of 8 2% y/y and 9 3% y/y  respectively Digital service gross margin (incl. net income from client money) increased by 1 7%pts y/y to 59 7%EBITDA (incl. net income from client money) improved to € -9 2m from € -11 0m in FY 2024FY 2025 Guidance (based on current reporting structure)~25% increase in Subscription revenue  with a gradual improvement expected throughout the yearFCF4 positive by year-endCommenting on the FY 2024 results  Nicolas de Beco  CEO  remarked: ""2024 was marked by strategic refocusing and important structural changes. We have streamlined our business with the completed divestments of FitekIN/ONEA and the Wholesale Identify Access Business  the reduction of complexity and the de-risking of our balance sheet. While our financial performance reflects these necessary adjustments  this marks a key turning point - we have established a solid framework which allows us to move forward with greater clarity and direction. There is strong engagement from our customers  teams  and stakeholders.Looking to 2025  we have a clear roadmap and a strong commitment to execution. Our focus will be on selected geographies where e-invoicing regulations are expected to come into force within the next 12-18 months  strengthening strategic partnerships  and embedding payment solutions as a key upselling driver. At the same time  we remain committed to disciplined cost and cash management. As a SaaS business  accelerating growth remains a priority. We have set clear subscription revenue targets for the next 12 months  and with continued discipline  collaboration  and focus  we are well-placed to make progress on our objectives.""Key financial figures - Continuing operations1 (unless otherwise stated)(EUR thousands) FY 2024 FY 2023 Change (%) Group revenue and income from client money 84.273 94.169 -10 5% Digital service revenue 47.132 50.336 -6 4% Subscription 14.435 13.343 +8 2% Transaction 20.192 18.472 +9 3% of which includes income from client money2 723 - N/A Other 12.505 18.521 -32 5% Traditional communication service revenue 37.141 43.833 -15 3% Gross profit digital services (incl. net income from client money) 28.119 29.207 -3 7% Gross margin digital services 59 7% 58 0% +1 7%pts EBITDA (incl. net income from client money) (9.204) (11.032) 16 6% Profit/(loss) for the period (continuing and discontinuing operations)5 71.195 (83.146) N/A Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period6 14.525 22.534 -35 5%Portfolio rationalisation and value crystallisationThroughout 2024  Unifiedpost executed several strategic divestments of non-core assets that substantially strengthened its financial position while maintaining valuable commercial partnerships.In July  Unifiedpost completed the divestment of FitekIN/ONEA for €7 2m and announced the sale of 21 Grams to PostNord Strålfors  which remains subject to regulatory approval from the Swedish Competition Authority.In December  Unifiedpost completed the sale of its Wholesale Identity Access Business to Your.World B.V. for an aggregate equity purchase price projected between € 108 4m and € 116 1m  subject to the realisation of the earn-out condition. Unifiedpost has utilised part of the proceeds from the sale of the Wholesale Identity Access business to reduce its debt obligations to Francisco Partners Credit. Upon completion of the transaction  Unifiedpost repaid a principal amount of €75 million  along with accrued and due interest  bringing the total repayment to €94 8 million. The remaining balance is expected to be paid back within 2025.Looking ahead  Unifiedpost will continue to evaluate opportunities for divesting non-digital services as part of its strategic focus on core digital offerings and platform development.Digital services businessBoth subscription and transaction revenue reported steady growth of 8 2% and 9 3% y/y  respectively. Meanwhile  other revenue decreased from € 18 5m to € 12 5m  reflecting a higher base effect from one-off deals in Q4 2023  and the ending of low margin professional service contracts.The gross margin percentage increased by 1 7% pts y/y to 59 7%  driven by two key factors: (i) improvement in cost efficiencies  and (ii) income from client money.The income from client money  results from leveraging our network and upselling embedded payment services. Income from client money amounted to € 0 7m in 2024  with momentum building in the fourth quarter.Moving forward  Unifiedpost will focus on accelerating subscription revenue growth as a key performance indicator. This growth will primarily be driven by opportunities in core European geographies where regulatory requirements for e-invoicing and digital business communications are expected to come into force within the next 12-18 months. Unifiedpost is positioned to capitalise on these regulatory catalysts  particularly in Benelux  France and Germany  where mandatory e-invoicing requirements will create market opportunities.Furthermore  the European Commission's VAT in the Digital Age (ViDA) initiative represents a shift in digital reporting and e-invoicing requirements across the EU  creating additional momentum for digital adoption. This regulatory framework will require businesses to implement digital solutions for real-time transaction reporting and e-invoicing  aligning with Unifiedpost's platform capabilities and market positioning.Traditional communication services businessTraditional communication services revenue decreased as expected (€ 37 1m in FY 2024 compared to € 43 8m in FY 2023)  driven by a continued shift towards digital solutions and a decrease in managed service volumes. This led to a corresponding reduction in gross profit of € 2 9m. Additionally  the gross margin percentage decreased by 3 0%pts to 23 9%.Execution of cost-saving plan 2023-2024Unifiedpost launched a cost-saving plan in 2023  resulting in an overall cost decrease of € 5 9m y/y and a decrease in cash outflows of € 6 9m y/y.R&D expenses decreased from € 18 4m y/y to € 17 0m. The cash component within these costs decreased by € 3 2m  while non-cash expenses (amortisation) rose by € 1 8m.G&A expenses decreased from € 34 0m y/y to € 30 9m. Expenses for 2024 included € 0 7m in non-recurring costs directly associated with legal and consultancy costs.S&M expenses decreased from € 21 1m y/y to € 19 6m.Significantly reduced net debt position by ~€73m at year endAs at December 31  2024  the net debt position amounts to € 29 5m  a decrease of € 72 9m compared to December 31  2023.At the end of 2024  Unifiedpost reported a financial position with cash and cash equivalents totalling € 14 5m  including € 1 2m of restricted cash.Management remains committed to achieving a positive free cash flow7 position by the end of 2025.Statement from the external auditorWe are currently finalising the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024. Our independent auditor has confirmed that its audit procedures in relation to the financial information for the year ended 31 December 2024 as included in this press release are substantially completed and have not revealed any material corrections required to be made to the financial information included in this press release. Should any material changes arise during the audit's finalisation  an additional press release will be issued.Investors & Media webcastManagement will host a live video webcast for analysts  investors and media today at 11:00 a.m. CET.To register and attend the webcast  please click here:https://unifiedpost-group-full-year-2024-financial-results.open-exchange.net/registrationA full replay will be available after the webcast at: https://investors.unifiedpostgroup.com/Financial Calendar:17 April 2025: Publication of the Annual Report for 202420 May 2025: General Shareholder Meeting23 May 2025: Publication of the Q1 2025 business update26 August 2025: Publication of the H1 2025 results (webcast)ContactAlex NicollInvestor RelationsUnifiedpost Groupalex.nicoll@unifiedpost.comConsolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income (unaudited)Thousands of Euro  except per share data For the period ended 31 December 2024 2023 (*) Digital services revenues 46.409 50.336 Digital services cost of services (18.874) (21 129) Digital services gross profit 27 535 29.207 Traditional communication services revenues 37.141 43.833 Traditional communication services cost of services (28.282) (32 075) Traditional communication services gross profit 8.859 11.758 Research and development expenses (17.022) (18.414) General and administrative expenses (30.924) (33.961) Selling and marketing expenses (19.592) (21.074) Other income / (expenses) - net (1.160) (72) Net impairment losses - (39.000) Loss from operations (32.305) (71.556) Net financial income from client money 584 - Financial income 268 62 Financial expenses (22.998) (15.441) Share of profit / (loss) of associates and joint ventures 146 (573) Gain upon losing control over a subsidiary 3 972 - Loss before tax (50.333) (87.508) Corporate income tax (846) (745) Deferred tax 152 243 LOSS FOR THE PERIOD FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (51.027) (88.011) Net profit from discontinued operations 122.222 4.865 PROFIT / (LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD 71.195 (83.146)Other comprehensive income / (loss): (656) (15) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  net of tax: Remeasurements of defined benefit pension obligations (37) 123 Items that will or may be reclassified to profit or loss  net of tax: Exchange gains arising on translation of foreign operations 104 36 Exchange losses arising on translation of foreign operations related to discontinued operations (723) (174) TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE PROFIT / (LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD 70.539 (83.161)Total loss for the period is attributable to: Owners of the parent 71 031 (83 899) Continuing operations (51 191) (88 764) Discontinued operations 122 222 4 865 Non-controlling interests 164 753 Total comprehensive loss for the period is attributable to: Owners of the parent 70 375 (83 914) Continuing operations (51 124) (88 604) Discontinued operations 121 499 4 690 Non-controlling interests 164 753 Profit/(loss) per share attributable to the equity holders of the parent: Basic 1 94 (2 32) Diluted 1 94 (2 32) Loss from continuing operations per share attributable to the equity holders of the parent: Basic (1 41) (2 46) Diluted (1 41) (2 46)(*) The comparative figures for period ended 31 December 2023 have been restated to reflect the restatement of the profit and loss related to the discontinued operations in accordance with IFRS 5Consolidated statement of financial position (unaudited)Thousands of Euro As at 31 December As at 31 December 2024 2023 ASSETS Goodwill 92.048 113.069 Other intangible assets 66.725 82.856 Property and equipment 1.486 7.420 Right-of-use-assets 9.391 9.734 Investments in associates 2.400 1.493 Deferred tax assets 39 776 Other non-current assets 3.036 2.561 Non-current assets 175.125 217.909 Inventories 544 612 Trade and other receivables 16.494 25.318 Contingent consideration receivable 7.774 - Current tax assets 291 770 Prepaid expenses 1.483 1.901 Restricted cash related to client money8 75.798 3.789 Cash and cash equivalents 14.525 22.534 Current assets from continuing operations 116.909 54.924 Assets classified as held for sale 31.250 5.145 Current assets 148.159 60.069 TOTAL ASSETS 323.284 277.978 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Share capital 329.238 326.806 Costs related to equity issuance (16.029) (16.029) Share premium reserve 492 492 Accumulated deficit (164.603) (232.257) Reserve for share-based payments 175 1.831 Other reserve 2.697 (1.581) Cumulative translation adjustment reserve (4.470) (3.851) Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent 147.500 75.411 Non-controlling interests 758 499 Total shareholders' equity 148.258 75.910 Non-current loans and borrowings 29.010 110.517 Liabilities associated with puttable non-controlling interests 200 Non-current lease liabilities 6.376 6.193 Non-current contract liabilities 387 4.430 Deferred tax liabilities 1.463 4.636 Non-current liabilities 37.236 125.976 Current loans and borrowings 5.698 5.059 Current liabilities associated with puttable non-controlling interests 3.980 7.560 Current lease liabilities 3.232 3.547 Trade and other payables 31.127 40.194 Liabilities related to client money8 75.774 3.736 Contract liabilities 5.330 13.487 Current income tax liabilities 410 1.845 Current liabilities from continuing operations 125.551 75.428 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 12.239 664 Current liabilities 137.790 76.092 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 323.284 277.978Consolidated statement of changes in equity (unaudited)Thousands of EuroShare capital Costs related to equity issuance Share premium reserve Accumulated deficit Share based payments Other reserves Cumulative translation adjustment reserve Non-controlling interests Total equity Balance at 1 Jan 2024 326.806 (16.029) 492 (232.257) 1.831 (1.581) (3.851) 499 75.910 Result for the period - - - 71.031 - - - 164 71.195 Other comprehensive income / (loss) - - - (37) - - (619) - (656) Total comprehensive loss for the period - - - 70.994 - - (619) 164 70.539 Conversion subscription rights 2.432 - - - (1.656) 1.656 - - 2.432 Current period profit AND OCI of NCI with put option - - - - - 171 - (171) - Changes in carrying value of liabilities associated with puttable NCI - - - - - 280 - - 280 Acquisition of 20% of the shares in Unifiedpost d.o.o. - - - (2.437) - 2.437 - - - Release of NCI due to acquisition of 20% of the shares in Unifiedpost d.o.o. - - - - - (266) - 266 - Dividend payments - - - (965) - - - - (965) Other - - - 62 - - - - 62 Balance at 31 Dec 2024 329.238 (16.029) 492 (164.603) 175 2.697 (4.470) 758 148.258Thousands of EuroShare capital Costs related to equity issuance Share premium reserve Accumulated deficit Share based payments Other reserves Cumulative translation adjustment reserve Non-controlling interests Total equity Balance at 1 Jan 2023 326.806 (16.029) 492 (148.497) 1.813 (2.864) (3.713) 281 158.290 Result for the period - - - (83.899) - - - 753 (83.146) Other comprehensive income / (loss) - - - 123 - - (138) - (15) Total comprehensive loss for the period - - - (83.776) - - (138) 753 (83.161) Share-based payments - - - - 18 - - - 18 Current period profit AND OCI of NCI with put option - - - - - 535 - (535) - Changes in carrying value of liabilities associated with puttable NCI - - - - - 750 - - 750 Other - - - 16 - (3) - - 13 Balance at 31 Dec 2023 326.806 (16.029) 492 (232.257) 1.831 (1.581) (3.851) 499 75.910Consolidated statement of cash flows (unaudited)Thousands of Euro For the period ended 31 December 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Loss for the period 71.195 (83.146) Adjustments for: Amortisation and impairment of intangible fixed assets 20.546 21.332 Impairment losses of goodwill - 38.574 Depreciation of property. plant & equipment 1.041 1.489 Depreciation of right-of-use-assets 4.129 4.429 Impairment of trade receivables (389) 335 Gain on disposal of fixed assets (15) (33) Financial income (334) (174) Financial expenses 23.579 15.910 (Gain) realised upon losing control over subsidiaries (124.168) - Loss of remeasurement at fair value less costs to sell for disposal groups 6.342 - Share of profit / (loss) of associate (146) 573 Income tax expense / (income) 3.894 2.319 Deferred income tax expense (841) (1.387) Share-based payment expense / own shares - 18 Subtotal 4.833 238 Changes in Working Capital (Increase) / decrease in trade receivables and contract assets (5.318) 6.145 (Increase) / decrease in other current and non-current receivables (448) (61) (Increase) / decrease in inventories (93) 209 Increase / (decrease) in trade and other liabilities 9.420 7.729 Cash generated from / (used in) operations 8.394 14.260 Income taxes paid (1.763) (3.222) Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities 6.631 11.038 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Payments made for the purchase of associate (282) - Payments received for divestment of business 114.388 - Payments made for the purchase of intangibles and development expenses (16.015) (16.372) Proceeds from the disposal of intangibles and development expenses 415 15 Payments made for the purchase of property  plant & equipment (247) (739) Proceeds from the disposal of property  plant & equipment 442 17 Interest received - 175 Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities 98.701 (16.904) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Conversion of subscription rights 2.432 - Proceeds from loans and borrowings 2.720 3.913 Repayments of loans and borrowings - Francisco Partners (75.000) - Repayments of loans and borrowings - other (6.813) (6.367) Repayment of lease liabilities (4.485) (4.524) Interest received 334 - Interest paid on loans and borrowings - Francisco Partners (21.590) (3.286) Interest paid on loans and borrowings - other (1.898) (1.295) Net cash provided by / (used in) financing activities (104.300) (11.559) FX impact cash (487) - Net increase / (decrease) in cash & cash equivalents 545 (17.425) Cash classified within current assets held for sale (5.423) (74) Cash movement due to change in the consolidation range (3.131) - Net increase/(decrease) in cash & cash equivalents  including cash classified within current assets held for sale (8.009) (17.499) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 22.534 40.033 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 14.525 22.534About Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading SaaS company for SME business services built on ""Documents""  ""Identity"" and ""Payments"". Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% SaaS-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost's customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost's mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. For more information about Unifiedpost Group and its offerings  please visit our website: Unifiedpost Group | Global leaders in digital solutionsCautionary note regarding forward-looking statements: The statements contained herein may include prospects  statements of future expectations  opinions  and other forward-looking statements in relation to the expected future performance of Unifiedpost Group and the markets in which it is active. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions regarding future events. By nature  they involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that appear justified at the time at which they are made but may not turn out to be accurate. Actual results  performance or events may  therefore  differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law  Unifiedpost Group does not undertake any obligation to update  clarify or correct any forward-looking statements contained in this press release in light of new information  future events or otherwise and disclaims any liability in respect hereto. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.1 Excludes discontinued operations: Wholesale Identity Access Business and 21 Grams2 Money a company receives from or holds for  or on behalf of  a client (application IAS 7)3 Income from client money is a result of e-payment services and is included in digital services transaction revenue4 Free cash flow is defined as net income (i) plus non-cash items in the income statement  (ii) minus cash out for IFRS 16 adjustments  (iii) minus capital expenditure  (iv) minus reimbursement on loans and leasing for the reporting period5 Including capital gains from divested transactions6 Excluding restricted cash related to client money7 Free cash flow is defined as net income (i) plus non-cash items in the income statement  (ii) minus cash out for IFRS 16 adjustments  (iii) minus capital expenditure  (iv) minus reimbursement on loans and leasing for the reporting period8 The comparative figures 2023 have been restated to demonstrate the accounting policy related to client money.",neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.0,True,English,"['balance sheet strength', 'strategic refocus', 'Unifiedpost', ""Francisco Partners' senior facility loan"", 'aggregate equity purchase price', 'Wholesale Identity Access Business', 'Wholesale Identify Access Business', 'Digital service gross margin', 'Gross margin digital services', 'integrated business communications solutions', 'year-end Enhanced governance structure', 'Traditional communication service revenue', 'Gross profit digital services', 'clear subscription revenue targets', 'Francisco Partners Credit', 'Digital services business', 'current reporting structure', 'Digital service revenue', 'core digital offerings', 'Nicolas de Beco', 'important structural changes', 'PostNord Strålfors', 'Swedish Competition Authority', 'higher base effect', 'key turning point', 'key upselling driver', 'valuable commercial partnerships', 'Key financial figures', 'balance sheet strength', 'risked balance sheet', 'next 12-18 months', 'net debt position', 'several strategic divestments', 'Unifiedpost Group SA', 'FY 2024 Financial Highlights', 'SaaS business', 'non-digital services', 'clear roadmap', 'payment solutions', 'next 12 months', 'financial position', 'Group revenue', 'key markets', 'Operational Highlights', 'financial performance', 'debt obligations', 'remaining balance', 'Strategic partnerships', 'other revenue', 'Press release', 'Regulated information', 'La Hulpe', 'leading provider', 'strategic priorities', 'portfolio rationalisation', 'operational efficiencies', 'Completed divestments', 'partial repayment', 'value creation', 'Continuing operations1', 'first contributions', 'client money', 'gradual improvement', 'strategic refocusing', 'necessary adjustments', 'solid framework', 'greater clarity', 'strong engagement', 'strong commitment', 'same time', 'cash management', 'continued discipline', 'N/A Other', 'discontinuing operations', 'N/A Cash', 'cash equivalents', 'value crystallisation', 'non-core assets', 'regulatory approval', 'principal amount', 'due interest', 'total repayment', 'platform development', 'net income', 'FY 2025 Guidance', 'FY 2023 Change', 'Steady growth', 'transaction revenue', 'new CEO', 'pts EBITDA', 'strategic focus', 'FY 2024 results', '3 revenue', 'inforrmation', 'Belgium', 'February', '7:00 a', 'CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'Unifedpost', 'FitekIN/ONEA', 'Board', '~25% increase', 'FCF4', 'reduction', 'complexity', 'de-risking', 'direction', 'customers', 'teams', 'stakeholders', 'execution', 'geographies', 'force', 'cost', 'priority', 'collaboration', 'progress', 'objectives', 'loss', 'period', 'July', '21 Grams', 'December', 'realisation', 'condition', 'proceeds', 'completion', 'accrued', 'opportunities', '9', '€']",2025-02-06,2025-02-27,finanznachrichten.de
49102,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/27/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/argenx-reports-full-year-2024-financial-results-and-provides-fourth-quarter-business-update/2063607,argenx Reports Full Year 2024 Financial Results and Provides Fourth Quarter Business Update,Amsterdam  the Netherlands - argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today reported financial results for the full year 2024 and provided a fourth quarter business update.,"$737 million in fourth quarter and $2.2 billion in full year global product net salesReceived positive CHMP recommendation for VYVGART pre-filled syringe for gMG  enabling launch in the EU; FDA PDUFA (gMG and CIDP) on track for April 1010 Phase 3 and 10 Phase 2 studies across pipeline ongoing in 2025  positioning for next wave of growthRecognized one-time tax benefit of $725 million related to previously unrecognized deferred tax assetsManagement to host conference call today at 2:30 PM CET (8:30 AM ET)Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyFebruary 27  2025 7:00 AM CETAmsterdam  the Netherlands - argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today reported financial results for the full year 2024 and provided a fourth quarter business update.Advertisement""In 2024  we significantly expanded our global patient reach with VYVGART  surpassing 10 000 patients across three indications ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer of argenx. ""We are extremely proud of the initial launch efforts of VYVGART Hytrulo in CIDP  where the strength of our data has driven early positive feedback from both patients and physicians. This execution has contributed to our position of financial strength as we expect to become a profitable company in 2025. We are now more committed than ever to advancing our mission of transforming the autoimmune treatment landscape by investing in innovation  and leading with our science. Momentum across our business is off to a strong start this year as we continue to execute on our Vision 2030. We are focused on maximizing commercial opportunities in gMG and CIDP  including advancing the pre-filled syringe in multiple regions  expanding our label in MG  and deepening relationships within the CIDP community to explore VYVGART Hytrulo's long-term potential. With an expansive pipeline  we are also excited to drive forward 10 Phase 3 and 10 Phase 2 studies in 2025 across efgartigimod  empasiprubart  and ARGX-119  to unlock significant opportunities in high unmet need areas.”Advancing Vision 2030argenx has established its commercial and clinical strategic priorities to advance ""Vision 2030”. Through this vision  argenx aims to treat 50 000 patients globally with its medicines  secure 10 labeled indications across all approved medicines  and advance five pipeline candidates into Phase 3 development by 2030.Expand the global VYVGART opportunity and launch VYVGART SC as a pre-filled syringeAdvertisementVYVGART® (IV: efgartigimod alfa-fcab and SC: efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc) is a first-in-class FcRn blocker approved in three indications  including generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) globally  primary immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) in Japan  and chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) in the U.S.  Japan  and China. argenx plans to drive commercial growth by expanding into new regions; innovating on the patient experience by advancing its pre-filled syringe (PFS) in multiple markets for CIDP and gMG in 2025 and autoinjector in 2027; and reaching broader MG populations with ongoing studies in seronegative  ocular  and pediatric MG.Generated global product net sales (inclusive of both VYVGART and VYVGART SC) of $737 million in fourth quarter and $2.2 billion in full year of 2024Multiple VYVGART regulatory submissions completed for gMG  including: Ministry of Food and Drug Safety approved VYVGART (IV) for gMG in South Korea through Handok Inc. Therapeutic Goods Association (TGA) approved VYVGART (IV and SC) for gMG in AustraliaFour key regulatory decisions on approval for PFS on track for 2025: Received positive CHMP recommendation for approval of PFS for gMG  enabling launch in the EU FDA review ongoing of PFS for gMG and CIDP with Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date of April 10  2025 PFS decision on approval for CIDP in the EU expected in first half of 2025 PFS decision on approval for gMG and CIDP expected in Japan and Canada in second half of 2025Evidence generation through Phase 4 and label-enabling studies in MG  CIDP and ITP: Topline results expected in second half of 2025 for seronegative gMG (ADAPT-SERON) and first half of 2026 for ocular and pediatric MG (ADAPT-OCULUS  JR) Phase 4 switch study ongoing in CIDP to inform treatment decisions when switching patients on IVIg to VYVGART SC ADVANCE-NEXT topline results expected in second half of 2026 to support FDA submission of VYVGART IV for primary ITPAdvertisementargenx continues to demonstrate breadth and depth within its immunology pipeline  advancing multiple first-in-class product candidates with potential across high-need indications. argenx is solidifying its leadership in FcRn biology with efgartigimod  complement inhibition with empasiprubart and in the role of MuSK at the neuromuscular junction with ARGX-119.Efgartigimod DevelopmentEfgartigimod is being evaluated in 15 severe autoimmune diseases (including MG  CIDP  and ITP)  exploring the significance of FcRn biology across neurology and rheumatology indications  as well as new therapeutic areas.Registrational ALKIVIA study ongoing evaluating three myositis subsets (immune-mediated necrotizing myopathy (IMNM)  anti-synthetase syndrome (ASyS)  and dermatomyositis (DM)); topline results expected in second half of 2026Two registrational UplighTED studies ongoing in thyroid eye disease (TED); topline results expected in second half of 2026Registrational UNITY study ongoing in primary Sjögren's disease; topline results expected in 2027Proof-of-concept studies ongoing in lupus nephritis (LN)  systemic sclerosis (SSc) and antibody mediated rejection (AMR); topline results expected in LN in fourth quarter of 2025  SSc in second half of 2026  and AMR in 2027Next nominated indications include autoimmune encephalitis (AIE) and one that is undisclosed AdvertisementEmpasiprubart DevelopmentEmpasiprubart is currently being evaluated in four diseases  including registrational studies in multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN) and CIDP and proof-of-concept studies in delayed graft function (DGF) and DM.Registrational EMPASSION study ongoing in MMN evaluating empasiprubart head-to-head versus IVIg; topline results expected in second half of 2026Registrational EMVIGORATE study in CIDP evaluating empasiprubart head-to-head versus IVIg expected to start in first half of 2025Proof-of-concept studies ongoing in DGF and DM; topline results expected for DGF in second half of 2025 and for DM in first half of 2026 AdvertisementARGX-119 DevelopmentARGX-119 is being evaluated in congenital myasthenic syndromes (CMS)  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)  and spinal muscular atrophy (SMA).Phase 1b proof-of-concept study ongoing in CMS; topline results expected in second half of 2025Phase 2a proof-of-concept study ongoing in ALS; topline results expected in first half of 2026SMA proof-of-concept study on track to start in 2025 Advertisementargenx continues to invest in its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP) to drive long-term sustainable pipeline growth. Through the IIP  four new pipeline candidates have been nominated  including: ARGX-213  targeting FcRn and further solidifying argenx's leadership in this new class of medicine; ARGX-121  a first-in-class molecule targeting IgA; ARGX-109  targeting IL-6  which plays an important role in inflammation  and ARGX-220  a first-in-class sweeping antibody for which the target has not yet been disclosed.Phase 1 results expected for ARGX-109 in second half of 2025 and for ARGX-213 and ARGX-121 in first half of 2026Mr. deBethizy has served as a non-executive director since 2015. He will be succeeded by Ana Cespedes as Chair of the Remuneration Committee and Tony Rosenberg as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.""I would like to express my deep gratitude to Don for his significant contributions during his tenure with argenx. He has been a true champion of our culture  guiding us through several key milestones on our growth journey  while supporting our entrepreneurial spirit and commitment to innovation.” commented Mr. Van Hauwermeiren.FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2024 FINANCIAL RESULTSargenx SEUNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSSThree Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31 December 31 (in thousands of $ except for shares and EPS) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Product net sales $ 736 968 $ 374 351 $ 2 185 883 $ 1 190 783 Collaboration revenue 1 443 32 486 4 348 35 533 Other operating income 22 809 11 003 61 808 42 278 Total operating income 761 220 417 840 2 252 039 1 268 594 Cost of sales $ (72 656) $ (39 477) $ (227 289) $ (117 835) Research and development expenses (297 228) (306 373) (983 423) (859 492) Selling  general and administrative expenses (285 945) (208 826) (1 055 337) (711 905) Loss from investment in a joint venture (2 350) (1 788) (7 644) (4 411) Total operating expenses (658 179) (556 464) (2 273 693) (1 693 643) Operating profit/(loss) $ 103 041 $ (138 624) $ (21 654) $ (425 049) Financial income $ 39 095 $ 40 308 $ 157 509 $ 107 386 Financial expense (704) (280) (2 464) (906) Exchange (losses)/gains (54 923) 37 418 (48 211) 14 073 Profit/(loss) for the period before taxes $ 86 509 $ (61 178) $ 85 180 $ (304 496) Income tax benefit/(expense) $ 687 652 $ (37 994) $ 747 860 $ 9 443 Profit/(loss) for the period $ 774 161 $ (99 172) $ 833 040 $ (295 053) Profit/(loss) for the period attributable to: Owners of the parent $ 774 161 $ (99 172) $ 833 040 $ (295 053) Weighted average number of shares outstanding used for basic profit/loss per share 60 517 968 59 118 827 59 855 585 57 169 253 Weighted average number of shares outstanding used for diluted profit/loss per share 65 661 428 59 118 827 65 177 815 57 169 253 Basic profit/(loss) per share (in $) $ 12.79 $ (1.68) $ 13.92 $ (5.16) Diluted profit/(loss) per share (in $) $ 11.79 $ (1.68) $ 12.78 $ (5.16)Total operating income for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 was $761 million and $2 252 million  respectively  compared to $418 million and $1 269 million for the same periods in 2023  and mainly consists of:Product net sales of VYVGART and VYVGART SC for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 were $737 million and $2 186 million  respectively  compared to $374 million and $1 191 million for the same periods in 2023.of VYVGART and VYVGART SC for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 were $737 million and $2 186 million  respectively  compared to $374 million and $1 191 million for the same periods in 2023. Collaboration revenue for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 was $1 million and $4 million  respectively  compared to $32 million and $36 million for the same periods in 2023. Collaboration revenue for 2024 mainly relates to our collaboration with Zai Lab in China.for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 was $1 million and $4 million  respectively  compared to $32 million and $36 million for the same periods in 2023. Collaboration revenue for 2024 mainly relates to our collaboration with Zai Lab in China. Other operating income for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 was $23 million and $62 million  respectively  compared to $11 million  and $42 million for the same periods in 2023. The other operating income primarily relates to research and development tax incentives and payroll tax rebates.for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 were $658 million and $2 274 million  respectively  compared to $556 million and $1 694 million for the same periods in 2023  and mainly consists of:Cost of sales for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 was $73 million and $227 million  respectively  compared to $39 million and $118 million for the same periods in 2023. The cost of sales was recognized with respect to the sale of VYVGART and VYVGART SC.for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 was $73 million and $227 million  respectively  compared to $39 million and $118 million for the same periods in 2023. The cost of sales was recognized with respect to the sale of VYVGART and VYVGART SC. Research and development expenses for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 were $297 million and $983 million  respectively  compared to $306 million and $859 million for the same periods in 2023. The expenses mainly relate to: the clinical development and expansion of efgartigimod in 15 severe autoimmune diseases including MG  CIDP and ITP the ramp-up of studies for our development of empasiprubart into MMN  DGF  DM and CIDP the investments for ARGX-119 in proof-of-concept studies ongoing in ALS and CMS other discovery and preclinical pipeline candidatesfor the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 were $297 million and $983 million  respectively  compared to $306 million and $859 million for the same periods in 2023. The expenses mainly relate to: Selling  general and administrative expenses for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 were $286 million and $1 055 million  respectively  compared to $209 million and $712 million for the same periods in 2023. The selling  general and administrative expenses mainly relate to professional and marketing fees linked to global commercialization of the VYVGART franchise  and personnel expenses.for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 was $39 million and $158 million  respectively  compared to $40 million and $107 million for the same periods in 2023.Exchange losses for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 were $55 million and $48 million respectively  compared to exchange gains of $37 million and $14 million for the same periods in 2023. Exchange gains or losses are mainly attributable to unrealized exchange rate gains or losses on the cash  cash equivalents and current financial assets position in Euro.Income tax benefitThe Company recorded a deferred tax benefit of $802 million for the year ended December 31  2024 of which $725 million relates to a one-time non-recurring recognition of previously unrecognized deferred tax assets existing as of December 31  2023. This recognition results from the Company's determination  in the fourth quarter of 2024  that it was probable that future taxable profits will be available for use of unrecognized deferred tax assets.Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31 December 31 (in millions of $) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Current tax (expense)/benefit $ (25) 12 (54) (12) Deferred tax benefit/(expense) 713 (50) 802 21 Income tax benefit/(expense) $ 688 (38) 748 9of the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 was $774 million and $833 million  respectively  compared to a loss of $99 million and $295 million over the prior periods. On a per weighted average share basis  the basic profit per share was $13.92 for the year ended December 31  2024  compared to a basic loss per share of $5.16 for the year ended December 31  2023.FINANCIAL GUIDANCEBased on its current operating plans  argenx expects its combined research and development and selling  general and administrative expenses in 2025 to be approximately $2.5 billion.EXPECTED 2025 FINANCIAL CALENDARMay 8  2025: Q1 2025 financial results and business updateMay 27  2025: Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in Amsterdam  the NetherlandsJuly 31  2025: Half Year and Second Quarter 2025 Financial Results and Business UpdateOctober 30  2025: Q3 2025 financial results and business updateThe full year 2024 financial results and business update will be discussed during a conference call and webcast presentation today at 2:30 pm CET/8:30 am ET. A webcast of the live call and replay may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors.Dial-in numbers:Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the live call.Belgium 32 800 50 201France 33 800 943355Netherlands 31 20 795 1090United Kingdom 44 800 358 0970United States 1 800 715 9871Japan 81 3 4578 9081Switzerland 41 43 210 11 32This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation 596/2014).About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker and is evaluating its broad potential in multiple serious autoimmune diseases while advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  X/Twitter   Instagram  Facebook  and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben Petok[email protected]Investors:Alexandra Roy (US)[email protected]Lynn Elton (EU)[email protected]Forward-looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""advance ” ""aim ” ""believe ” ""continue ” ""drive ” ""expand ” ""expect ” ""plan ” ""position ” ""start ” and ""strive” and include statements argenx makes regarding its expected profitability in 2025; its mission to transform the autoimmune treatment landscape by investing in innovation and its goal to lead in science; its focus on maximizing commercial opportunities in gMG and CIDP  including by advancing PFS in multiple regions  expanding its label in gMG and deepening relationships within the CIDP community; its plan to unlock significant opportunities in high unmet need areas; its long-term commitments  including its Vision 2030 goals of treating 50 000 patients globally with its medicines  securing 10 labeled indications across all approved medicines  and advancing five pipeline candidates into Phase 3 development by 2030; its plans to drive commercial growth by expanding VYVGART into new regions  advance its PFS in multiple markets for CIDP and MG in 2025 and autoinjector in 2027  and reach broader MG populations with ongoing studies in seronegative  ocular  and pediatric MG; the advancement of anticipated clinical development  data readouts and regulatory milestones and plans  including: (1) four key regulatory decisions on approval for PFS expected in 2025; (2) PFS decision on approval for gMG and CIDP expected in Japan and Canada in second half of 2025 and for CIDP expected in the EU in first half of 2025; and (3) ongoing evidence generation through Phase 4 and label-enabling studies in MG  CIDP and ITP  including topline results for seronegative gMG expected in second half of 2025 and those for ocular and pediatric MG expected in first half of 2026  ongoing Phase 4 switch study in CIDP  and ongoing ADVANCE-NEXT confirmatory study of VYVGART IV in primary ITP with topline results expected in second half of 2026; its plans to execute 10 registrational and 10 proof-of-concept studies across efgartigimod  empasiprubart and ARGX-119 in 2025 to advance the next wave of launches; its plans to develop efgartigimod  including: (1) the ongoing registrational ALKIVIA study evaluating IMNM  ASyS  and DM  with topline results expected in second half of 2026; (2) two ongoing registrational UplighTED studies in TED  with topline results expected in second half of 2026; (3) Registrational UNITY study in primary Sjögren's disease  with topline results expected in 2027; (4) ongoing proof-of-concept studies in LN  SSc  and AMR  with topline results expected in fourth quarter of 2025  second half of 2026  and 2027  respectively; and (5) the next nominated indications of AIE and one undisclosed disease to enter clinical studies; its plans to develop empasiprubart  including: (1) registrational EMPASSION study in MMN  with topline results expected in second half of 2026; (2) registrational EMVIGORATE study in CIDP  expected to start in first half of 2025; and (3) proof-of-concept studies in DGF and DM  with topline results expected in second half of 2025 and first half of 2026  respectively; its plans to develop ARGX-119  including: (1) proof-of-concept study in CMS  with topline results expected in second half of 2025; (2) Phase 2a proof-of-concept study in ALS  with topline results expected in first half of 2026; and (3) SMA proof-of-concept study  expected to start in 2025; the expected start and timeline of Phase 1 studies of ARGX-109 in second half of 2025 and ARGX-213 and ARGX-121 in first half of 2026; the expected change from Mr. deBethizy to Ms. Cespedes as the Chair of the Remuneration Committee; the potential of its continued investment in its IIP to drive long-term sustainable pipeline growth; its future financial and operating performance  including its anticipated research and development  selling  general and administrative expenses for 2025; and its goal of translating immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including but not limited to  the results of argenx's clinical trials; expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with the development of novel drug therapies; preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements; the acceptance of its products and product candidates by its patients as safe  effective and cost-effective; the impact of governmental laws and regulations on its business; its reliance on third-party suppliers  service providers and manufacturers; inflation and deflation and the corresponding fluctuations in interest rates; and regional instability and conflicts. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx's most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Full Year 2024 Financial Results', 'Fourth Quarter Business Update', 'argenx', 'Handok Inc. Therapeutic Goods Association', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'high unmet need areas', 'chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy', 'VYVGART SC ADVANCE-NEXT topline results', 'unrecognized deferred tax assets', 'global product net sales', 'Four key regulatory decisions', 'Multiple VYVGART regulatory submissions', 'fourth quarter business update', 'EU FDA review ongoing', 'class product candidates', 'one-time tax benefit', 'positive CHMP recommendation', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'early positive feedback', 'clinical strategic priorities', 'target action date', 'global patient reach', 'autoimmune treatment landscape', 'class FcRn blocker', 'primary immune thrombocytopenia', 'global immunology company', 'global VYVGART opportunity', 'five pipeline candidates', 'broader MG populations', 'initial launch efforts', 'Drug Safety', 'treatment decisions', 'financial results', 'ongoing studies', 'FDA submission', 'profitable company', 'patient experience', 'immunology pipeline', 'FcRn biology', 'multiple regions', 'multiple markets', 'FDA PDUFA', 'full year', 'next wave', 'conference call', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'three indications', 'VYVGART Hytrulo', 'strong start', 'expansive pipeline', 'significant opportunities', '10 labeled indications', 'myasthenia gravis', 'U.S.', 'new regions', 'South Korea', 'first half', 'second half', 'Evidence generation', 'label-enabling studies', 'high-need indications', 'complement inhibition', 'neuromuscular junc', 'primary ITP', 'pediatric MG.', 'commercial opportunities', '2:30 PM CET', 'financial strength', 'long-term potential', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab', 'seronegative, ocular', '10 Phase 2 studies', 'Phase 3 development', 'PFS decision', 'VYVGART IV', 'Advancing Vision', 'commercial growth', 'argenx SE', 'CIDP community', 'seronegative gMG', 'syringe Advertisement', 'VYVGART®', 'track', 'April', 'Management', '30 AM', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'February', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', '10,000 patients', 'data', 'physicians', 'execution', 'position', 'innovation', 'science', 'Momentum', 'relationships', 'empasiprubart', '50,000 patients', 'medicines', 'hyaluronidase-qvfc', 'Japan', 'China', 'autoinjector', 'Ministry', 'Food', 'TGA', 'Australia', 'approval', 'Canada', 'ADAPT-SERON', 'ADAPT-OCULUS', 'JR', 'study', 'IVIg', 'breadth', 'depth', 'leadership', 'role', 'MuSK', '2025']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,manilatimes.net
49103,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.di.se/pressreleaser/2025/02/27/oncoinvent-asa-reports-completed-inclusion-in-45d8bf7c-09ad-58d3-924c-5c93893b50e2/,Oncoinvent ASA reports completed inclusion in the initial safety lead-in cohort of the phase 2 trial of Radspherin® in Ovarian Cancer Patients,Oncoinvent  a clinical-stage radiopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for solid cancers  today announced the successful enrollment of the sixth patient into the safety lead-in cohort of its ongoing Phase 2 trial evaluating Radspherin® for the treatment of peritoneal carcinomatosis from ovarian cancer.,"Radspherin® is a novel alpha-radiation therapy designed for targeted  direct treatment of cancers that have spread to body cavities. The Phase 2 is a randomised  open label  multicentre trial (NCT06504147) assessing the efficacy and safety of Radspherin® in patients with peritoneal metastases from ovarian cancer following complete surgical resection and pre-operative chemotherapy.The initial safety lead-in is designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of Radspherin® at the recommended dose of 7 MBq in the trial population before expanding to enrollment in the randomized part of the trial.""The completion of patient recruitment in the safety lead-in marks an important milestone in the advancement of our Phase 2 trial "" said Oystein Soug  CEO of Oncoinvent. ""We are encouraged by being able to recruit patients and ship Radspherin® to centers in the US  UK  EU as well as Norway in this trial. We will now analyze the safety data  announce the findings during March and we subsequently expect to move ahead with full trial enrollment. This milestone further reinforces our commitment to developing Radspherin® as a promising treatment option for patients with peritoneal carcinomatosis.""About OncoinventOncoinvent is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing novel radiopharmaceutical therapies against cancer. The lead product candidate  Radspherin®  uses the alpha-emitting radionuclide radium-224  directly targeting micro-metastases post-surgery  harnessing the benefits of modern radiopharmaceuticals without the complexities of biological targeting. Oncoinvent is investigating the safety and efficacy of Radspherin® in a clinical development program in two indications. Currently two phase 1/2a trials and one randomized phase 2 trial are ongoing in the US  UK and Europe. More than 150 patients with peritoneal carcinomatosis  secondary to ovarian and colorectal cancer  will be enrolled in the current program. Preliminary clinical efficacy data are highly encouraging  and no serious toxicity or safety concerns have been reported to date. The Oncoinvent team consists of approx. 30 employees and runs a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility to produce drug products for clinical trials in Nydalen  Oslo. Oncoinvent is listed on the Euronext Growth Oslo.Forward-Looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this press release are forward-looking statements and are not a representation that Oncoinvent's plans  estimates  or expectations will be achieved. These forward-looking statements represent Oncoinvent's expectations as of the date of this press release  and Oncoinvent disclaims any obligation to update the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially  including with respect to whether the results of clinical or other studies will support the use of our product offerings  the impact of results of such studies  our expectations of the reliability  accuracy and performance of our tests  or of the benefits of our tests and product offerings to patients  providers and payers.For further information  please contact:Øystein Soug  Chief Executive OfficerEmail: soug@oncoinvent.comTore Kvam  Chief Financial OfficerEmail: kvam@oncoinvent.comSe fullständigt pressmeddelande och andra nyheter från detta bolag på Cision News.Vill du också synas med dina nyheter på Di.se?Läs mer om publicering på Di.se",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,positive,0.86,0.11,0.02,True,English,"['Oncoinvent ASA reports', 'initial safety lead', 'Ovarian Cancer Patients', 'phase 2 trial', 'inclusion', 'cohort', 'Radspherin', 'fullständigt pressmeddelande och andra nyheter från', 'också synas med dina nyheter', 'two phase 1/2a trials', 'one randomized phase 2 trial', 'Preliminary clinical efficacy data', 'novel alpha-radiation therapy', 'targeted, direct treatment', 'complete surgical resection', 'promising treatment option', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'novel radiopharmaceutical therapies', 'alpha-emitting radionuclide radium', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Läs mer', 'lead product candidate', 'clinical development program', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'initial safety lead', 'full trial enrollment', 'The Oncoinvent team', 'The Phase', 'clinical trials', 'randomized part', 'two indications', 'safety data', 'current program', 'product offerings', 'multicentre trial', 'trial population', 'body cavities', 'peritoneal metastases', 'pre-operative chemotherapy', 'patient recruitment', 'Oystein Soug', 'peritoneal carcinomatosis', 'micro-metastases post-surgery', 'modern radiopharmaceuticals', 'biological targeting', 'serious toxicity', 'manufacturing facility', 'drug products', 'historical facts', 'press release', 'unknown risks', 'Øystein Soug', 'bolag på', 'Cision News', 'Di.se', 'publicering på', 'safety concerns', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'colorectal cancer', 'important milestone', 'other studies', 'Tore Kvam', 'actual results', 'ovarian cancer', 'Radspherin®', 'cancers', 'patients', 'tolerability', 'dose', '7 MBq', 'completion', 'advancement', 'CEO', 'centers', 'UK', 'Norway', 'findings', 'March', 'commitment', 'benefits', 'complexities', 'Europe', 'More', 'approx.', '30 employees', 'Nydalen', 'representation', 'plans', 'estimates', 'expectations', 'obligation', 'uncertainties', 'respect', 'use', 'impact', 'reliability', 'accuracy', 'performance', 'tests', 'providers', 'payers', 'information', 'Email', 'Vill']",2025-02-27,2025-02-27,di.se
