UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
36475,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/b18cc2aab46c1a79,Euroclear expands its offering with Eurex Clearing,Euroclear Bank has expanded its services with Eurex Clearing  now becoming an eligible securities collateral location of the main global clearing organisation. Clients of both the Brussels-based Euroclear Bank and Eurex Clearing will now be able to post colla…,Euroclear Bank has expanded its services with Eurex Clearing  now becoming an eligible securities collateral location of the main global clearing organisation.Clients of both the Brussels-based Euroclear Bank and Eurex Clearing will now be able to post collateral directly to Eurex Clearing  with the ability to further optimise the pool of collateral held in Euroclear’s…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   .,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.02,True,English,"['Eurex Clearing', 'Euroclear', 'offering', 'main global clearing organisation', 'eligible securities collateral location', 'Brussels-based Euroclear Bank', 'Eurex Clearing', 'services', 'Clients', 'ability', 'pool', 'story', 'thetradenews']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,biztoc.com
36476,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/South-Korea-to-ease-potential-FX-hurdle-ahead-of-Euroclear-account-opening-45994959/,South Korea to ease potential FX hurdle ahead of Euroclear account opening,(marketscreener.com) South Korea on Wednesday saidit plans to ease regulations to make it easier for investors totransfer won between Korean bank accounts and an omnibus accountat settlement houses to improve won accessibility for globalinvestors in Korea…,SEOUL  Feb 21 (Reuters) - South Korea on Wednesday said it plans to ease regulations to make it easier for investors to transfer won between Korean bank accounts and an omnibus account at settlement houses to improve won accessibility for global investors in Korean treasury bonds.Securities settlement house Euroclear last August said it would open an omnibus account for Korean treasury bonds from July this year.The planned revision  which is to take place before the end of March  would clear a hurdle for global investors due to local regulations that require forex transactions be carried out using real names  the finance ministry and the Bank of Korea said.An omnibus account allows for managed trades of more than one person and anonymity of persons in the account.Measures announced Wednesday brings South Korea a step closer to meet requests by global investors to improve currency accessibility as it makes a push to get its stocks and bonds accepted on benchmark developed market indexes such as FTSE Russell’s global bond index.A potential inclusion into the World Government Bond Index could pave the way for tens of billions of dollars of inflows into Korean securities.South Korea recently scrapped taxes for foreigners' income from their Korean treasury bond investments  began accepting registrations from foreign banks to trade the won onshore and are extending USD/KRW trading hours  all of which are efforts to improve market access for foreign investors.It also plans to allow foreign investors to use overdraft accounts in Korean won to prevent any settlement glitches that may arise from interbank transfer errors. (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Sharon Singleton),neutral,0.28,0.68,0.03,negative,0.02,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['potential FX hurdle', 'Euroclear account opening', 'South Korea', 'World Government Bond Index', 'benchmark developed market indexes', 'Securities settlement house Euroclear', 'Korean treasury bond investments', 'global bond index', 'USD/KRW trading hours', 'interbank transfer errors', 'Korean treasury bonds', 'An omnibus account', 'Korean bank accounts', 'Korean securities', 'market access', 'settlement houses', 'settlement glitches', 'overdraft accounts', 'global investors', 'forex transactions', 'real names', 'finance ministry', 'one person', 'FTSE Russell', 'potential inclusion', ""foreigners' income"", 'foreign banks', 'Cynthia Kim', 'Sharon Singleton', 'foreign investors', 'South Korea', 'local regulations', 'currency accessibility', 'SEOUL', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'won', 'July', 'revision', 'place', 'end', 'March', 'hurdle', 'trades', 'anonymity', 'persons', 'Measures', 'requests', 'push', 'stocks', 'way', 'tens', 'billions', 'dollars', 'inflows', 'taxes', 'registrations', 'efforts', 'Editing']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36477,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/systemair-nomination-committee-302067089.html,Systemair Nomination Committee,SKINNSKATTEBERG  Sweden  Feb. 21  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- At the annual general meeting on 31 August 2023  it was resolved that the nomination committee shall consist of representatives of three of the largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes  acco…,SKINNSKATTEBERG  Sweden  Feb. 21  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- At the annual general meeting on 31 August 2023  it was resolved that the nomination committee shall consist of representatives of three of the largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes  according to Euroclear Sweden AB's printout of the share register as of 31 January 2024.It is hereby announced that after consultation between the company's three largest shareholders  ebm-papst AB has chosen to relinquish their seat on the nomination committee. The fourth largest shareholder Alecta has therefore been contacted. The nomination committee has been appointed to consist of the following persons:Lennart Francke (Chairman)  Swedbank Robur Fonder(Chairman)  Swedbank Robur Fonder Gerald Engström  Färna Invest ABMagnus Tell   AlectaShareholders who wish to contact the Nomination Committee are invited to send an e-mail to Anders Ulff  CFO  Systemair AB  anders.ulff@systemair.se.The annual meeting will be held on 29 August 2024  at 15.00 (CET) in Skinnskatteberg  Sweden.For further information contact:Anders Ulff  CFO  +46 70 577 40 09Systemair AB  SE-739 30 Skinnskatteberg  Sweden  +46 222 440 00  www.systemair.comSystemair in briefSystemair is a leading ventilation company operating in 51 countries in Europe  North America  the Middle East  Asia  Australia and Africa. The company had a turnover of SEK 12.1 billion in the 2022/23 financial year and employs approximately 6 600 employees today. Systemair has reported an operating profit yearly since 1974 when the company was founded. Over the past 10 years  growth has averaged 10.5 percent. Systemair helps to improve the indoor climate with the help of energy-efficient and sustainable products that reduce carbon dioxide emissions.Systemair has a well-established business in growth markets. Systemair shares have been quoted on the Nasdaq OMX Nordic Exchange in Stockholm since October 2007 and are today traded on the Large Cap List. The Group comprises about 90 companies.The following files are available for download:,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Systemair Nomination Committee', 'Swedbank Robur Fonder Gerald Engström', 'Nasdaq OMX Nordic Exchange', 'Färna Invest AB', '2022/23 financial year', 'carbon dioxide emissions', 'Large Cap List', 'fourth largest shareholder', 'annual general meeting', 'three largest shareholders', 'leading ventilation company', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual meeting', 'ebm-papst AB', 'nomination committee', 'owner groups', 'share register', 'following persons', 'Lennart Francke', 'Magnus Tell', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'operating profit', 'past 10 years', 'indoor climate', 'sustainable products', 'The Group', 'following files', 'Systemair AB', 'Anders Ulff', 'growth markets', 'Systemair shares', 'SKINNSKATTEBERG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', '31 August', 'representatives', 'terms', 'votes', 'printout', '31 January', 'consultation', 'seat', 'Alecta', 'Chairman', 'mail', 'CFO', '29 August', 'CET', 'information', 'brief', '51 countries', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Australia', 'Africa', 'turnover', 'SEK', '6,600 employees', '10.5 percent', 'help', 'energy-efficient', 'business', 'Stockholm', 'October', '90 companies', 'download']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,prnewswire.co.uk
36478,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AB-VOLVO-120796069/news/Annual-General-Meeting-of-AB-Volvo-45995308/,Annual General Meeting of AB Volvo,(marketscreener.com) GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 21  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- AB Volvo gives notice to attend the Annual General Meeting at Konserthuset  Götaplatsen  Göteborg  Wednesday  March 27  2024  at 3.00 p.m.Volvo warmly welcomes its shareholders to the …,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 21  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- AB Volvo (publ) (""Volvo"") gives notice to attend the Annual General Meeting at Konserthuset  Götaplatsen  Göteborg  Wednesday  March 27  2024  at 3.00 p.m.Volvo warmly welcomes its shareholders to the Annual General Meeting. The main entrance of Konserthuset opens for registration at 2.00 p.m. and the Annual General Meeting begins at 3.00 p.m. Coffee and cakes will be served in connection with the Annual General Meeting.A shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue (in person or represented by a proxy) or through advance voting (postal voting). Please see the notice for further instructions on how to participate in the Meeting. The Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.The notice to attend the Annual General Meeting follows below.AB VolvoFebruary 21  2024Journalists wanting further information  please contact:Claes Eliasson  Head of Media Relations  +46 76 553 7229press@volvo.comFor more information  please visit volvogroup.comFor frequent updates  follow us on X: @volvogroupThe Volvo Group drives prosperity through transport and infrastructure solutions  offering trucks  buses  construction equipment  power solutions for marine and industrial applications  financing and services that increase our customers' uptime and productivity. Founded in 1927  the Volvo Group is committed to shaping the future landscape of sustainable transport and infrastructure solutions. The Volvo Group is headquartered in Gothenburg  Sweden  employs more than 100 000 people and serves customers in almost 190 markets. In 2023  net sales amounted to SEK 553 billion (EUR 48 billion). Volvo shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm.Translation of Swedish originalNOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF AB VOLVO (publ)AB Volvo (publ) (""Volvo"") gives notice to attend the Annual General Meeting at Konserthuset  Götaplatsen  Göteborg  Wednesday  March 27  2024  at 3.00 p.m.Volvo warmly welcomes its shareholders to the Annual General Meeting. The main entrance of Konserthuset opens for registration at 2.00 p.m. and the Annual General Meeting begins at 3.00 p.m. Coffee and cakes will be served in connection with the Annual General Meeting.A shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue (in person or represented by a proxy) or through advance voting (postal voting). The Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationParticipation in the Annual General Meeting at the venueA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue (in person or represented by a proxy) must (i) be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on March 19  2024  and (ii) no later than March 21  2024 give notice of its intention to participate through mail  telephone or on AB Volvo's website.Notice of intention to participate in the Annual General Meeting can be given:by telephone to +46 20 39 14 50 or +46 8 402 90 76 (Monday-Friday 9.00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m. ) by mail addressed to AB Volvo (publ)  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden   andon AB Volvo's website; www.volvogroup.com .When providing such notice  the shareholder should state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants). Shareholders who are represented by proxy must issue a written  dated proxy for the representative. Proxy forms are available at www.volvogroup.com. The proxy should be sent to the company as set out above well in advance of the Annual General Meeting. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or an equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed.Participation by voting in advanceA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance (postal voting) must (i) be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on March 19  2024  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the Meeting no later than March 21  2024  by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on that day.A special form shall be used when voting in advance. The form is available on www.volvogroup.com or can be sent by post on request by telephone to +46 20 39 14 50 or +46 8 402 90 76 (Monday-Friday 9.00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.). A completed and signed form may be submitted via e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by post to AB Volvo (publ)  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through BankID verification via www.volvogroup.com. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed to the voting form. Proxy forms are available at www.volvogroup.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed.If a shareholder has voted in advance and attends the Annual General Meeting in person or through a representative  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder participates in a voting procedure at the Meeting or otherwise withdraws its advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting at the Meeting  the vote cast will replace the advance vote with regard to the relevant item on the agenda.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeTo be entitled to participate in the Meeting  in addition to providing notification of participation  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as at March 19  2024. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than March 21  2024 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Proposed agendaMatters:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of persons to approve the minutes6. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentations by the Chairman of the Board and the President and CEO8. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Auditor's Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Auditor's Report on the Consolidated Accounts9. Adoption of the Income Statement and Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Balance Sheet10. Resolution in respect of the disposition to be made of the company's profits11. Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the Board members and of the President and CEO12. Determination of the number of Board members and deputy Board members to be elected by the Meeting13. Determination of the remuneration to the Board members14. Election of Board membersThe Election Committee proposes election of the following Board members:14.1 Matti Alahuhta (re-election)14.2 Bo Annvik (re-election)14.3 Pär Boman (new election)14.4 Jan Carlson (re-election)14.5 Eric Elzvik (re-election)14.6 Martha Finn Brooks (re-election)14.7 Kurt Jofs (re-election)14.8 Martin Lundstedt (re-election)14.9 Kathryn V. Marinello (re-election)14.10 Martina Merz (re-election)14.11 Helena Stjernholm (re-election)15. Election of the Chairman of the BoardThe Election Committee proposes new election of Pär Boman as Chairman of the Board16. Determination of the remuneration to the Auditors17. Election of Auditors and Deputy Auditors18. Election of members of the Election Committee19. Presentation of the Board's remuneration report for approvalMotionsPoint 2: The Election Committee proposes attorney Erik Sjöman to be the Chairman of the Meeting.Point 10: The Board proposes payment of an ordinary dividend of SEK 7.50 per share and an extra dividend of SEK 10.50 per share. Tuesday  April 2  2024  is proposed by the Board as the record date to receive the dividend. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  payment of the dividend is expected to be performed through Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday  April 5  2024.Point 12: The Election Committee proposes eleven members and no deputy members to be elected by the Meeting.Point 13: The Election Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board will be awarded SEK 4 100 000 (3 925 000) and each of the other members elected by the Annual General Meeting SEK 1 230 000 (1 175 000) with the exception of the President and CEO. Furthermore  the Election Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Audit Committee will be awarded SEK 600 000 (445 000)  the other members of the Audit Committee SEK 325 000 (250 000) each  the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 175 000 (175 000)  the other members of the Remuneration Committee SEK 130 000 (130 000) each  the Chairman of the Transformation Committee SEK 315 000 (300 000) and the other members of the Transformation Committee SEK 210 000 (200 000) each.Point 14-15: The Election Committee's proposals are set out in the proposed agenda. A presentation of the candidates proposed by the Election Committee is available on www.volvogroup.com.Point 16: The Election Committee proposes that the fees to the Auditors shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Point 17: The Election Committee proposes  in accordance with the Board's and the Audit Committee's recommendation  that the registered firm of auditors Deloitte AB is elected as Auditor for the period until the close of the Annual General Meeting 2025.Point 18: The Election Committee proposes that Fredrik Persson (AB Industrivärden)  Anders Oscarsson (AMF and AMF Funds)  Carina Silberg (Alecta)  Anders Algotsson (AFA Insurance) and the Chairman of the Board are elected members of the Election Committee and that no fees are paid to the members of the Election Committee.Documents and other informationThe complete proposal by the Election Committee and its statement explaining the proposals are available at www.volvogroup.com.The Annual Report  the Auditor's Report  the Consolidated Accounts  the Auditor's Report on the Consolidated Accounts  the remuneration report and the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act will be made available at www.volvogroup.com and at AB Volvo's Headquarters  Gropegårdsgatan 2  SE-417 15 Göteborg. The documents will  free of charge  be sent on request to such shareholders who provide their address.Upon request by any shareholder and where the Board believes that such may take place without significant harm to the company  the Board and the President and CEO should provide information at the Annual General Meeting in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's financial position and as regards the company's relationship to other group companies.The number of shares and votesWhen this notice to attend the Annual General Meeting was issued  the total number of shares in the company was 2 033 452 084  distributed among 444 986 150 series A shares (1 vote per series A share)  and 1 588 465 934 series B shares (1/10 vote per series B share). The total number of votes was 603 832 743.4.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the privacy notice available on Euroclear's webpage  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. AB Volvo (publ) has corporate registration number 556012-5790 and registered office in Göteborg  Sweden.Göteborg  February 2024AB Volvo (publ)The Board of DirectorsThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/39/3932842/2618746.pdf Annual General Meeting of AB Volvo https://news.cision.com/ab-volvo/i/volvogroup-1860x1050 c3269969 VolvoGroup 1860x1050View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-of-ab-volvo-302067159.htmlSOURCE AB Volvo",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AB Volvo', 'maximum two assistants', 'Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'The Volvo Group', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'advance voting form', 'AB Volvo', 'Götaplatsen', 'Göteborg', 'main entrance', 'postal voting', 'Claes Eliasson', 'Media Relations', 'frequent updates', 'infrastructure solutions', 'construction equipment', 'power solutions', 'industrial applications', 'future landscape', 'net sales', 'share register', 'state name', 'accompanying assistant', 'legal entity', 'BankID verification', 'Volvo shares', 'special form', ""customers' uptime"", 'sustainable transport', 'equivalent certificate', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Swedish original', 'special instructions', 'telephone number', 'Proxy forms', 'advance vote', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'publ', 'notice', 'Konserthuset', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'shareholders', 'Coffee', 'cakes', 'connection', 'venue', 'person', 'English', 'February', 'Journalists', 'information', 'Head', 'volvogroup', 'prosperity', 'trucks', 'buses', 'marine', 'financing', 'services', 'productivity', '100,000 people', '190 markets', 'SEK', 'Translation', 'Right', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'mail', 'website', 'Friday', 'AGM', 'SE-101', 'address', 'dated', 'representative', 'authority', 'accordance', 'request', 'Monday', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'votes', 'conditions', '3.00', '2.00', '4.00', '9.00']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36479,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/21/2832916/0/en/Bank-of-%C3%85land-Plc-Notice-to-convene-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Bank of Åland Plc: Notice to convene the Annual General Meeting,Bank of Åland Plc Notice to convene general meeting February 21  2024  17.30 EET.  Notice to convene the Annual General Meeting  Notice is hereby...,Bank of Åland PlcNotice to convene general meetingFebruary 21  2024  17.30 EET.Notice to convene the Annual General MeetingNotice is hereby given to the shareholders of the Bank of Åland Plc (Ålandsbanken Abp) of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 3.00 p.m. Finnish time (15.00 EET) on Tuesday  March 26  2024 at the Alandica Kultur & Kongress auditorium  Strandgatan 33  Mariehamn  Åland  Finland.The reception of persons who have registered to participate in the Meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 2.00 p.m. on the above date.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingThe following matters will be dealt with at the Meeting:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to order3. Election of persons to check the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Verification of the legality of the Meeting5. Verification of attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Presentation of the financial statements  the Report of the Directors and the Auditors’ Report for 2023Managing Director’s review.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Decision on allocation of the profit shown in the balance sheet and dividend distributionThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 2.40 per share plus an extra dividend of EUR 0.25 per share shall be paid for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2023  that the record date for dividend payment shall be Thursday  March 28  2024 and that the payment date shall be Monday  April 8  2024.9. Decision on granting discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the financial year January 1 – December 31  202310. Presentation and adoption of the compensation report11. Presentation and adoption of the compensation policyThe Compensation Policy will be available in Swedish on the Bank’s website at www.alandsbanken.fi/bolagsstamma no later than March 5  2024.12. Decision on the number of members on the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed that the number of Board members shall be set at seven.13. Decision on fees for the members of the BoardThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual fee for its Chairman shall be raised from EUR 35 000 to EUR 37 000  for its Deputy Chairman from EUR 30 000 to EUR 31 500 and for each other Board member from EUR 28 000 to EUR 29 000. The Board also proposes that the fee per meeting attended for the Chairman (EUR 1 000) and for each other Board member (EUR 750) shall be unchanged.It shall be noted that the fee per meeting for Board members’ attendance at meetings of the committees appointed by the Board is EUR 750 per Board member and EUR 1 000 for the committee Chairman. In addition  it shall be noted that compensation for travel and accommodation expenses as well as daily subsistence allowances are paid in compliance with the instructions of tax authorities and the Bank’s travel guidelines.14. Election of Board membersThe Board of Directors proposes the re-election of Board members Anders Å Karlsson  Nils Lampi  Mirel Leino-Haltia  Christoffer Taxell  Ulrika Valassi and Anders Wiklöf for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM.In addition  the Board proposes the election of Malin Lombardi as a new Board member for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM. Lombardi has agreed to being elected.15. Decision on the auditors’ feesThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditors’ fees be paid as invoiced.16. Decision on the number of auditorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of auditors shall be unchanged  that is  one auditor.17. Election of auditorsThe Board of Directors proposes the re-election of the authorised accounting firm of KPMG Oy Ab  with Henry Maarala (KHT) as auditor in charge  for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM.18. Authorisation of the Company’s Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling their holders to sharesThe Board proposes that the AGM authorise the Board to decide on the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling their holders to shares  as provided by the Finnish Companies Act  Chapter 10  Section 1  which would replace the earlier authorisation by the AGM on April 3  2019 for 3 000 000 Series B shares.This authorisation covers one or more issues against payment or without payment and may also cover divestment of the Company’s own shares.The authorisation concerns Series B shares. The total number of shares that may be issued with the support of the authorisation (including shares issued on the basis of special rights) shall not exceed 3 000 000 shares.The Board shall decide on the terms and conditions for the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights. These issuances may diverge from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to shares in the Company (targeted share issue). In such cases  the authorisation may be utilised for acquisitions of companies or to finance and implement arrangements that are part of the Company’s business operations or as one element in the realisation of incentive programmes at the Company.According to the proposal  the Board will also be entitled to decide whether the subscription price shall wholly or partly be set aside in the unrestricted equity capital fund or be recognised in equity capital.The authorisation will be in force for five years  up to and including March 26  2029.Closing of the MeetingB. General Meeting documentsThe above-mentioned proposals by the Board of Directors  this notice convening the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and other documents that shall be available as provided by the Finnish Companies Act are found on the website of the Bank of Åland Plc  www.alandsbanken.fi in Swedish.The Board’s proposal and the accounting documents will also be available at the Company’s Head Office and at the AGM. Copies of these documents and of this notice convening the AGM will be sent to shareholders upon request.C. Instruction for participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders listed in the Company’s shareholder registerShareholders who were listed on March 14  2024 (the record date for the AGM) in the Company’s shareholder register  which is maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab  are entitled to participate in the Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in his or her Finnish personal book-entry securities account is listed in the Company’s shareholder register.Shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM must register no later than 12 noon on Thursday  March 21  2024.They may register for the AGM:a) via the internet at the address www.alandsbanken.fi/bolagsstamma;b) by telephone at +358 18 29 011;c) by letter addressed to Bank of Åland Plc  PB 3  AX-22101 Mariehamn  Åland  Finland.When registering  please state the shareholder’s name  personal identity code or business ID number and the name of any assistant or authorised representative and the representative’s personal identity code. These personal data will be used only for purposes attributable to the AGM and for processing of registrations related to this.If needed  the shareholder and his/her authorised representative must be able to prove their identity and/or authorisation at the Meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the AGM on the basis of the shares he or she would be entitled to list on March 14  2024 (the record date for the AGM) in the Shareholder Register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab. Participation also requires that on the basis of these shares  no later than 10.00 a.m. on March 21  2024 the shareholder has been listed in the temporary shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this shall be counted as registration for the AGM. Changes in the shareholding after the record date for the AGM shall not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the shareholder’s number of votes.Registration shall be carried out by the asset manager’s account administrator no later than the above-mentioned date. A holder of nominee-registered shares is urged to request instructions well in advance from his or her asset manager regarding entry into the temporary shareholder register  issuance of powers of attorney and registration for the AGM. The asset manager’s account managing institution shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the AGM in the Company’s temporary shareholder register no later than the above-mentioned deadline.3. Authorised representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights at the Meeting through authorised representatives. A shareholder’s authorised representative must show a dated power of attorney or otherwise prove in a reliable manner that he or she is authorised to represent the shareholder.If a shareholder is represented at the Meeting by more than one authorised representatives  who represent a shareholder with shares in different book-entry securities accounts  at the time of registration the shareholder must state on the basis of which shares each authorised representative is representing the shareholder.Any original powers of attorney should be sent to the Bank of Åland Plc  PB 3  AX-22101 Mariehamn  Åland  Finland and be in the possession of the Company before the expiration of the registration period. Please label the envelope “Annual General Meeting” or “AGM”. Alternatively  a copy of the power of attorney may be sent by e-mail to bolagsstamma@alandsbanken.fi  in which case the original power of attorney shall be shown at the AGM.4. Other instructions and informationShareholders who attend the Meeting are entitled to ask questions concerning matters being dealt with at the Meeting  pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.On the date of this Notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the number of shares in the Bank of Åland Plc totals 6 476 138 Series A shares  which represent 129 522 760 votes and 8 831 649 Series B shares  which represent 8 831 649 votes  or 15 307 787 shares and 138 354 409 votes in all. Each Series A share has 20 votes at the Meeting and each Series B share has one vote  but subject to the limitation on voting rights stipulated in the Articles of Association  Section 7.Mariehamn  February 21  2024Board of Directors,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Åland Plc', 'Bank', 'Notice', 'daily subsistence allowances', 'authorised accounting firm', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Anders Wiklöf', 'other special rights', 'targeted share issue', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'other Board member', 'new Board member', '3,000,000 Series B shares', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Compensation Policy', 'Board members’ attendance', 'Finnish time', 'Anders Å Karlsson', 'option rights', 'annual fee', 'Ålandsbanken Abp', 'Alandica Kultur', 'Kongress auditorium', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'financial statements', 'Managing Director', 'balance sheet', 'financial year', 'accommodation expenses', 'tax authorities', 'Nils Lampi', 'Mirel Leino-Haltia', 'Christoffer Taxell', 'Ulrika Valassi', 'Henry Maarala', 'pre-emptive right', 'The Board', 'extra dividend', 'Åland Plc', 'record date', 'compensation report', 'Deputy Chairman', 'committee Chairman', 'travel guidelines', 'next AGM', 'Malin Lombardi', 'dividend distribution', 'dividend payment', 'total number', 'Auditors’ Report', 'payment date', 'auditors’ fees', 'earlier authorisation', 'one auditor', '3,000,000 shares', 'Notice', 'February', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Strandgatan', 'Mariehamn', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'votes', 'Verification', 'legality', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'Decision', 'allocation', 'profit', 'EUR', 'December', 'Thursday', 'Monday', 'April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Swedish', 'website', 'alandsbanken', 'bolagsstamma', 'meetings', 'committees', 'addition', 'compliance', 'instructions', 'term', 'office', 'closing', 'KHT', 'Company', 'issuance', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'issues', 'divestment', 'support', 'basis', 'conditions', 'cases', 'acquisitions', '17.30', '3.00', '2.00', '4.', '2023']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,globenewswire.com
36480,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/-LANDSBANKEN-ABP-1412425/news/Bank-of-land-Plc-Notice-to-convene-the-Annual-General-Meeting-45998962/,Bank of Åland Plc: Notice to convene the Annual General Meeting -February 21  2024 at 10:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Bank of Åland Plc Notice to convene general meeting February 21  2024  17.30 EET. Notice to convene the Annual General Meeting Notice is hereby given to the shareholders of the Bank of Åland Plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held at…,Bank of Åland PlcNotice to convene general meetingFebruary 21  2024  17.30 EET.Notice to convene the Annual General MeetingNotice is hereby given to the shareholders of the Bank of Åland Plc (Ålandsbanken Abp) of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 3.00 p.m. Finnish time (15.00 EET) on Tuesday  March 26  2024 at the Alandica Kultur & Kongress auditorium  Strandgatan 33  Mariehamn  Åland  Finland.The reception of persons who have registered to participate in the Meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 2.00 p.m. on the above date.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingThe following matters will be dealt with at the Meeting:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to order3. Election of persons to check the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Verification of the legality of the Meeting5. Verification of attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Presentation of the financial statements  the Report of the Directors and the Auditors’ Report for 2023Managing Director’s review.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Decision on allocation of the profit shown in the balance sheet and dividend distributionThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 2.40 per share plus an extra dividend of EUR 0.25 per share shall be paid for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2023  that the record date for dividend payment shall be Thursday  March 28  2024 and that the payment date shall be Monday  April 8  2024.9. Decision on granting discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the financial year January 1 – December 31  202310. Presentation and adoption of the compensation report11. Presentation and adoption of the compensation policyThe Compensation Policy will be available in Swedish on the Bank’s website at www.alandsbanken.fi/bolagsstamma no later than March 5  2024.12. Decision on the number of members on the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed that the number of Board members shall be set at seven.13. Decision on fees for the members of the BoardThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual fee for its Chairman shall be raised from EUR 35 000 to EUR 37 000  for its Deputy Chairman from EUR 30 000 to EUR 31 500 and for each other Board member from EUR 28 000 to EUR 29 000. The Board also proposes that the fee per meeting attended for the Chairman (EUR 1 000) and for each other Board member (EUR 750) shall be unchanged.It shall be noted that the fee per meeting for Board members’ attendance at meetings of the committees appointed by the Board is EUR 750 per Board member and EUR 1 000 for the committee Chairman. In addition  it shall be noted that compensation for travel and accommodation expenses as well as daily subsistence allowances are paid in compliance with the instructions of tax authorities and the Bank’s travel guidelines.14. Election of Board membersThe Board of Directors proposes the re-election of Board members Anders Å Karlsson  Nils Lampi  Mirel Leino-Haltia  Christoffer Taxell  Ulrika Valassi and Anders Wiklöf for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM.In addition  the Board proposes the election of Malin Lombardi as a new Board member for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM. Lombardi has agreed to being elected.15. Decision on the auditors’ feesThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditors’ fees be paid as invoiced.16. Decision on the number of auditorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of auditors shall be unchanged  that is  one auditor.17. Election of auditorsThe Board of Directors proposes the re-election of the authorised accounting firm of KPMG Oy Ab  with Henry Maarala (KHT) as auditor in charge  for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM.18. Authorisation of the Company’s Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling their holders to sharesThe Board proposes that the AGM authorise the Board to decide on the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling their holders to shares  as provided by the Finnish Companies Act  Chapter 10  Section 1  which would replace the earlier authorisation by the AGM on April 3  2019 for 3 000 000 Series B shares.This authorisation covers one or more issues against payment or without payment and may also cover divestment of the Company’s own shares.The authorisation concerns Series B shares. The total number of shares that may be issued with the support of the authorisation (including shares issued on the basis of special rights) shall not exceed 3 000 000 shares.The Board shall decide on the terms and conditions for the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights. These issuances may diverge from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to shares in the Company (targeted share issue). In such cases  the authorisation may be utilised for acquisitions of companies or to finance and implement arrangements that are part of the Company’s business operations or as one element in the realisation of incentive programmes at the Company.According to the proposal  the Board will also be entitled to decide whether the subscription price shall wholly or partly be set aside in the unrestricted equity capital fund or be recognised in equity capital.The authorisation will be in force for five years  up to and including March 26  2029.Closing of the MeetingB. General Meeting documentsThe above-mentioned proposals by the Board of Directors  this notice convening the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and other documents that shall be available as provided by the Finnish Companies Act are found on the website of the Bank of Åland Plc  www.alandsbanken.fi in Swedish.The Board’s proposal and the accounting documents will also be available at the Company’s Head Office and at the AGM. Copies of these documents and of this notice convening the AGM will be sent to shareholders upon request.C. Instruction for participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders listed in the Company’s shareholder registerShareholders who were listed on March 14  2024 (the record date for the AGM) in the Company’s shareholder register  which is maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab  are entitled to participate in the Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in his or her Finnish personal book-entry securities account is listed in the Company’s shareholder register.Shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM must register no later than 12 noon on Thursday  March 21  2024.They may register for the AGM:a) via the internet at the address www.alandsbanken.fi/bolagsstamma;b) by telephone at +358 18 29 011;c) by letter addressed to Bank of Åland Plc  PB 3  AX-22101 Mariehamn  Åland  Finland.When registering  please state the shareholder’s name  personal identity code or business ID number and the name of any assistant or authorised representative and the representative’s personal identity code. These personal data will be used only for purposes attributable to the AGM and for processing of registrations related to this.If needed  the shareholder and his/her authorised representative must be able to prove their identity and/or authorisation at the Meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the AGM on the basis of the shares he or she would be entitled to list on March 14  2024 (the record date for the AGM) in the Shareholder Register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab. Participation also requires that on the basis of these shares  no later than 10.00 a.m. on March 21  2024 the shareholder has been listed in the temporary shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this shall be counted as registration for the AGM. Changes in the shareholding after the record date for the AGM shall not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the shareholder’s number of votes.Registration shall be carried out by the asset manager’s account administrator no later than the above-mentioned date. A holder of nominee-registered shares is urged to request instructions well in advance from his or her asset manager regarding entry into the temporary shareholder register  issuance of powers of attorney and registration for the AGM. The asset manager’s account managing institution shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the AGM in the Company’s temporary shareholder register no later than the above-mentioned deadline.3. Authorised representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights at the Meeting through authorised representatives. A shareholder’s authorised representative must show a dated power of attorney or otherwise prove in a reliable manner that he or she is authorised to represent the shareholder.If a shareholder is represented at the Meeting by more than one authorised representatives  who represent a shareholder with shares in different book-entry securities accounts  at the time of registration the shareholder must state on the basis of which shares each authorised representative is representing the shareholder.Any original powers of attorney should be sent to the Bank of Åland Plc  PB 3  AX-22101 Mariehamn  Åland  Finland and be in the possession of the Company before the expiration of the registration period. Please label the envelope “Annual General Meeting” or “AGM”. Alternatively  a copy of the power of attorney may be sent by e-mail to bolagsstamma@alandsbanken.fi  in which case the original power of attorney shall be shown at the AGM.4. Other instructions and informationShareholders who attend the Meeting are entitled to ask questions concerning matters being dealt with at the Meeting  pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.On the date of this Notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the number of shares in the Bank of Åland Plc totals 6 476 138 Series A shares  which represent 129 522 760 votes and 8 831 649 Series B shares  which represent 8 831 649 votes  or 15 307 787 shares and 138 354 409 votes in all. Each Series A share has 20 votes at the Meeting and each Series B share has one vote  but subject to the limitation on voting rights stipulated in the Articles of Association  Section 7.Mariehamn  February 21  2024Board of Directors,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Åland Plc', 'Bank', 'Notice', 'February', '10:31', 'daily subsistence allowances', 'authorised accounting firm', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Anders Wiklöf', 'other special rights', 'targeted share issue', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'other Board member', 'new Board member', '3,000,000 Series B shares', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Compensation Policy', 'Board members’ attendance', 'Finnish time', 'Anders Å Karlsson', 'option rights', 'annual fee', 'Ålandsbanken Abp', 'Alandica Kultur', 'Kongress auditorium', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'financial statements', 'Managing Director', 'balance sheet', 'financial year', 'accommodation expenses', 'tax authorities', 'Nils Lampi', 'Mirel Leino-Haltia', 'Christoffer Taxell', 'Ulrika Valassi', 'Henry Maarala', 'pre-emptive right', 'The Board', 'extra dividend', 'Åland Plc', 'record date', 'compensation report', 'Deputy Chairman', 'committee Chairman', 'travel guidelines', 'next AGM', 'Malin Lombardi', 'dividend distribution', 'dividend payment', 'total number', 'Auditors’ Report', 'payment date', 'auditors’ fees', 'earlier authorisation', 'one auditor', '3,000,000 shares', 'Notice', 'February', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Strandgatan', 'Mariehamn', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'votes', 'Verification', 'legality', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'Decision', 'allocation', 'profit', 'EUR', 'December', 'Thursday', 'Monday', 'April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Swedish', 'website', 'alandsbanken', 'bolagsstamma', 'meetings', 'committees', 'addition', 'compliance', 'instructions', 'term', 'office', 'closing', 'KHT', 'Company', 'issuance', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'issues', 'divestment', 'support', 'basis', 'conditions', 'cases', 'acquisitions', '17.30', '3.00', '2.00', '4.', '2023']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36481,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NORDEA-BANK-ABP-46475558/news/Notice-of-AGM-45994921/,Notice of AGM,(marketscreener.com) Nordea Bank Abp / Key word: AGMEGMNotice of AGM 21.02.2024 / 09:20 CET/CESTNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Nordea Bank AbpNordea Bank AbpStock exchange release - Notice to general meeting21 Febr…,"Nordea Bank Abp / Key word(s): AGMEGMNotice of AGM21.02.2024 / 09:20 CET/CESTNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Nordea Bank AbpNordea Bank AbpStock exchange release - Notice to general meeting21 February 2024 at 09.00 EETNordea Bank Abp's shareholders are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 21 March 2024 at 12.00 EET at Scandic Marina Congress Center in Helsinki.Nordea Bank Abp's (""Nordea"" or the ""Company"") Annual General Meeting will be held on Thursday 21 March 2024 at 12.00 EET at Scandic Marina Congress Center  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 10.30 EET.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance. Instructions on advance voting are set out in Section ""C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting"" of this notice.The meeting may be followed online via a live webcast on Nordea's website. It will be possible to submit questions to the Q&A session with senior management before and during the webcast. Such questions do not constitute questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting. Instructions on how to join the webcast and submit questions are set out in Section ""C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting"" of this notice and can also be found on Nordea's website at www.nordea.com/agm.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingInformation and proposals concerning the formal organisational matters in agenda items 1 to 5 are included in a separate organisational document published on Nordea's website at www.nordea.com/agm  which document also constitutes a part of this notice. The document will be supplemented as needed at the meeting with such information that is not available before the Annual General Meeting.At the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order and related decisions3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2023- Review by the President and Group CEO- Q&A session with senior management7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown in the annual accounts and related authorisation of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on a dividend payment of a maximum of EUR 0.92 per share based on the annual accounts to be adopted for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023. The authorisation will remain in force and effect until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.It is intended that the Board of Directors decides on a dividend payment in a single instalment based on this authorisation immediately after the Annual General Meeting. The intended record date for such dividend payment would be 25 March 2024 whereby the earliest dividend payment date would be 3 April 2024 or as soon as possible after that day.The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the applicable record date for the dividend payment are recorded in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy in Finland  Euroclear Sweden AB in Sweden and VP Securities A/S in Denmark. Dividend will not be paid to shares held by the Company on the dividend record date.9. Resolution to discharge the members of the Board of Directors and the President and Group CEO from liability10. Advisory resolution on the adoption of the Company's remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Company's remuneration report for governing bodies for the year 2023 is adopted through an advisory resolution.11. Advisory resolution on the adoption of the Company's remuneration policy for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors  following a review by the Shareholders' Nomination Board in respect of the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  presents to the Annual General Meeting for adoption through an advisory resolution the Company's remuneration policy for governing bodies  which was last presented to the Annual General Meeting held on 28 May 2020. The presented remuneration policy for governing bodies is intended to be applied until the Annual General Meeting in 2028.The remuneration policy for governing bodies provides a framework of the remuneration for the members of the Board of Directors  the President and Group CEO and the Deputy Managing Director. There are no material changes in the presented remuneration policy for governing bodies  as compared to the remuneration policy adopted by the 2020 Annual General Meeting. The amendments are mainly to cover the used terminology and minor updates connected to the variable pay plans and the alignment to long-term shareholder value.12. Resolution on the remuneration for the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the following annual remuneration is paid to the members of the Board of Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting:Role 2024 proposed (EUR) 2023 (EUR) Increase (%) Chair 365 000 352 000 3.7 Vice Chair 171 000 165 500 3.3 Other members of the Board of Directors 109 000 105 500 3.3The Shareholders' Nomination Board also proposes the following additional annual remuneration for committee chairs and committee members:Role 2024 proposed (EUR) 2023 (EUR) Increase (%) Board Audit Committee  Board Risk Committee  and Board Operations and Sustainability Committee chairs 69 500 67 000 3.7 Board Audit Committee  Board Risk Committee  and Board Operations and Sustainability Committee members 34 500 33 500 3.0 Board Remuneration and People Committee Chair 53 000 49 500 7.1 Board Remuneration and People Committee members 30 000 29 000 3.4No remuneration is paid to members of the Board of Directors employed by the Nordea Group.In addition  Nordea covers or reimburses the members of the Board of Directors all costs and expenses related to or arising from the Board membership  including travel  logistics and accommodation as well as consultative  legal and administrative costs. The legal costs can e.g. include required costs of legal defence and claims made (during and after their period of office) against Board members in cases where Board members are not found liable or guilty of any intentional wrongdoing or grossly negligent behaviour.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that for a period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  the number of members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the Annual General Meeting is set at ten. However  should any number of the candidates proposed by the Shareholders' Nomination Board for any reason not be available for election to the Board of Directors  the proposed number of Board members shall be decreased accordingly.Furthermore  the Board of Directors has three ordinary members and one deputy member elected by the employees of the Nordea Group.14. Election of the members of the Board of Directors and the Chair of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that for a period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  the following persons are elected to the Board of Directors so that each proposed member of the Board of Directors is considered separately in an election:a. Sir Stephen Hester (present member)  also to be re-elected as Chair of the Board of Directorsb. Petra van Hoeken (present member)c. John Maltby (present member)d. Risto Murto (present member)e. Lene Skole (present member)f. Per Strömberg (present member)g. Jonas Synnergren (present member)h. Arja Talma (present member)i. Kjersti Wiklund (present member)j. Lars Rohde (new member)Birger Steen is not available for re-election.Lars Rohde (69)  a Danish citizen  is recognised as a leading banking professional with a profound understanding of the Danish financial sector and society. During his 40-year career in the banking industry  Lars Rohde has held positions both as a commercial finance executive and financial services official. For the last 10 years  he was the Governor of the National Bank of Denmark until stepping down from the role in 2023. Prior to this  he was the CEO of ATP  the largest pension company in Denmark. Lars Rohde was recently appointed a board member of the Aarhus University.The biographical details of the current Board members are available at www.nordea.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/board-of-directors. The CV of the proposed new member of the Board of Directors is available at www.nordea.com/agm.Should any of the candidates presented above for any reason not be available for election to the Board of Directors  the remaining available candidates are proposed to be elected in accordance with the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board.All proposed Board members have given their consent to being elected as members of the Board of Directors and Sir Stephen Hester has given his consent to being re-elected as Chair of the Board of Directors.Relevant authority approval for the proposed new Board member is pending.In addition to the above proposed Board members  the Board of Directors has three ordinary members and one deputy member elected by the employees of the Nordea Group. As of the end of the Annual General Meeting on 21 March 2024 and until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  the employees have elected Joanna Koskinen  Gerhard Olsson and Kasper Skovgaard Pedersen as ordinary members of the Board of Directors and Jørgen Lønnquist as a deputy member of the Board of Directors. Relevant authority approval for Jørgen Lønnquist is pending.It is the collective opinion of the Shareholders' Nomination Board and Nordea Bank Abp that the proposed Board of Directors and its members are suitable for the assignment both collectively and individually and that Sir Stephen Hester is suitable for the position as Chair of the Board of Directors.All proposed Board members are  in accordance with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code  independent of Nordea's significant shareholders and  excluding Board members elected by the employees  also considered independent of the company. The ordinary members and the deputy member of the Board of Directors elected by the employees are employed by the Nordea Group and  therefore  they are not independent of the company.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Board Audit Committee  to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor is to be paid according to the invoice approved by the Company.16. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Board Audit Committee  to the Annual General Meeting that authorised public accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as the Company's auditor until the end of the following Annual General Meeting.PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the Company that the authorised public accountant Jukka Paunonen would act as the responsible auditor.17. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurerPursuant to the legislative amendment that entered into force on 31 December 2023  the Annual General Meeting must  in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 6a of the Finnish Companies Act  elect an assurer of the Company's sustainability reporting. The assurance of the sustainability reporting can be carried out by an authorised sustainability auditor or an authorised sustainability audit firm as referred to in the Finnish Auditing Act.The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Board Audit Committee  to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurer to be elected is to be paid according to the invoice approved by the Company.18. Election of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Board Audit Committee  to the Annual General Meeting that the authorised sustainability audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy is elected as the assurer of the Company's sustainability reporting until the end of the following Annual General Meeting.PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the Company that the authorised sustainability auditor Jukka Paunonen would act as the responsible sustainability reporting auditor.19. Resolution on the authorisation for the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of special rights entitling to shares (convertibles) in the CompanyNordea Bank Abp is required to satisfy certain capital requirements pursuant to EU and Finnish legislation. Within this legislative framework  capital instruments that absorb losses by converting into shares can be used to meet parts of the capital requirements. The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of such capital instruments.The purpose of the authorisation is to facilitate a flexible and efficient adjustment of the Company's capital structure to the capital requirements. The authorisation enables the Board of Directors to swiftly carry out issuances without first holding an Extraordinary General Meeting  which the Board of Directors considers appropriate given that these capital instruments are principally intended to be issued in the international capital markets. The Board of Directors intends to use the authorisation if the Board of Directors determines that the capital trigger level at which conversion shall take place is at such a level that gives the shareholders and the Board of Directors the possibility to act in good time and propose alternatives to conversion.In light of the above  the Board of Directors of the Company proposes to the Annual General Meeting to resolve to authorise the Board of Directors to decide  on one or several occasions  on the issuance of special rights entitling to either new shares in the Company or treasury shares  against payment (convertibles) in accordance with or in deviation from the shareholder's pre-emptive subscription rights. The maximum number of shares that may be issued based on this authorisation shall be 340 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 9.7% of all the shares in the Company on the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting.The Board of Directors shall be authorised to decide on all other matters relating to the issuance of the special rights entitling to shares in the Company. The issuance of the special rights entitling to shares by virtue of this authorisation shall be made on market terms and principally be issued in the international capital markets.The authorisation shall remain in force and effect until the earlier of (i) the end of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or (ii) 18 months from the resolution of the Annual General Meeting of the Company.If this authorisation is granted  it will revoke the authorisation to decide on the issuance of special rights entitling to shares (convertibles) in the Company granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 23 March 2023.20. Resolution on the repurchase of the Company's own shares in the securities trading businessIn its securities trading business  Nordea Bank Abp  among other things  acts as a market maker in its own shares on the relevant stock exchanges and in indices in which the Company's shares form a significant part  as well as offers share-related products. Should the Company not be able to trade in its own shares  the Company would not be able to provide a full range of products in the same manner as its competitors  which would lead to the Company losing market shares  and it would not be able to fulfil its current market maker undertakings towards relevant stock exchanges and the financial markets at large.The Company's holdings of its own shares in the trading book shall not at any time exceed the applicable limits decided by the European Central Bank.In light of the above  the Board of Directors of the Company proposes to the Annual General Meeting to resolve that the Company  for the purpose of the ordinary course of its securities trading business as a credit institution  may repurchase its own shares as follows.The Company's own shares are repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company's shareholders (directed repurchases). The facilitation of the Company's securities trading business  in which the ability to also trade in the Company's own shares is required  forms a weighty financial reason for directed repurchases.The maximum number of the Company's own shares to be repurchased shall not exceed 175 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 5.0% of all the shares in the Company on the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting. The Company's own shares may be repurchased on any trading venue or in transactions with counterparties of the securities trading business outside of a trading venue or through the use of derivative instruments  in each case  at arms-length market terms and price prevailing at the time of the repurchase or the time of entry into the relevant derivative instrument  as the case may be. The Company's own shares to be repurchased shall be offered to the Company no later than at the time of the repurchase and shall be paid for no later than upon the delivery of such shares. The Company's own shares are repurchased using the unrestricted equity of the Company.The Company's own shares under this resolution shall be repurchased before the end of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.21. Resolution on the transfer of the Company's own shares in the securities trading businessIn its securities trading business  Nordea Bank Abp  among other things  acts as a market maker in its own shares on the relevant stock exchanges and in indices in which the Company's shares form a significant part  as well as offers share-related products. Should the Company not be able to trade in its own shares  the Company would not be able to provide a full range of products in the same manner as its competitors  which would lead to the Company losing market shares  and it would not be able to fulfil its current market maker undertakings towards relevant stock exchanges and the financial markets at large.In light of the above  the Board of Directors of the Company proposes to the Annual General Meeting to resolve that the Company  for the purpose of the ordinary course of its securities trading business as a credit institution  may transfer its existing own shares for consideration as follows.The Company may transfer its own shares in the ordinary course of its securities trading business in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights by way of a directed share issuance. The facilitation of the Company's securities trading business  in which the ability to also trade in the Company's own shares is required  forms a weighty financial reason for a directed issuance.The maximum number of the Company's own shares to be transferred shall not exceed 175 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 5.0% of all the shares in the Company on the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting. The Company's own shares may be transferred through any trading venue or in transactions with counterparties of the securities trading business outside of a trading venue or through the use of derivative instruments  in each case  at arms-length market terms and price prevailing at the time of the transfer or at the time of the entry into the relevant derivative instrument  as the case may be. The Company's own shares that may be transferred shall be subscribed for no later than at the time of the transfer and shall be paid for no later than upon the delivery of such shares. The subscription price shall be recorded in the invested unrestricted equity of the Company.The Company's own shares shall be transferred before the subscription period expires  which will be at the end of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.It is proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve all subscriptions that will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of the directed issuance.22. Resolution on the authorisation for the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesPursuant to its dividend policy Nordea Bank Abp will continuously assess the opportunity to use share buy-backs as a tool to distribute excess capital. In line with these considerations  the Board of Directors of the Company proposes to the Annual General Meeting to resolve to authorise the Board of Directors  on one or several occasions  to decide on the repurchase of an aggregate of not more than 340 000 000 shares in the Company  which corresponds to approximately 9.7% of all the shares in the Company on the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  subject to the condition that the number of own shares held by the Company together with its subsidiaries at any given time may not exceed 10% of all the shares in the Company.The Company's own shares may be repurchased as follows:a) Not more than 340 000 000 shares may be repurchased to distribute excess capital in order to optimise the capital structure of the Company. The purpose of such repurchase is to optimise the capital position and to increase sustainable shareholder return to the benefit of all shareholders.b) Not more than 8 000 000 shares may be repurchased to be used in the Company's variable pay plans in accordance with regulatory requirements and/or as required for new variable pay plans for executive officers  senior management  other material risk takers and other employees  as appropriate.The Company's own shares may only be repurchased using the unrestricted equity of the Company. The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company's shareholders (directed repurchases). The highest purchase price per share shall be no more than the higher of (i) the highest price paid for the Company's shares in public trading on the day of repurchase or alternatively (ii) the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the Company's share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase own shares  and the lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is 20% lower than the lower of (i) the lowest price paid for the Company's shares in public trading on the day of repurchase or alternatively (ii) the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the Company's share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase own shares. Furthermore  in connection with the repurchases of its own shares  the Company may enter into derivative  share lending or other similar arrangements.The Board of Directors shall be authorised to decide on all other terms relating to the repurchases of the Company's own shares.The authorisation shall remain in force and effect for 18 months from the resolution of the Annual General Meeting of the Company. If this authorisation is granted  it will not revoke the authorisation to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own shares granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 23 March 2023 which  in accordance with that authorisation  will remain in effect until 23 September 2024.In addition to the above terms  it is noted that any resolution by the Board of Directors to repurchase shares based on the proposed authorisation will also be subject to the condition that the Company has obtained the necessary regulatory permissions from the European Central Bank.23. Resolution on the authorisation for the Board of Directors to decide on share issuances or transfers of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors of the Company proposes to the Annual General Meeting to resolve to authorise the Board of Directors  on one or several occasions  to decide on the issuance of new shares or transfer of the Company's own shares of not more than 30 000 000 shares in the Company  which corresponds to approximately 0.9% of all the shares in the Company on the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting.The shares may be issued or transferred in proportion to the Company's shareholders' existing shareholdings in the Company or in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right by way of a directed issuance. The shares to be issued or transferred in this way may be used (a) to implement the Company's variable pay plans in accordance with regulatory requirements and/or as required for new variable pay plans for executive officers  senior management  other material risk takers and other employees  as appropriate  or (b) as payment in connection with corporate acquisitions.The Board of Directors shall be authorised to decide on all other terms relating to the issuance of new shares in the Company or transfers of the Company's own shares. The authorisation shall remain in force and effect until the earlier of (i) the end of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or (ii) 18 months from the resolution of the Annual General Meeting of the Company.If this authorisation is granted  it will revoke the authorisation to decide on share issuances or transfers of the Company's own shares granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 23 March 2023.24. Shareholder proposal for amendment of the Company's Articles of AssociationNordea has received a shareholder proposal set out below for a matter to be addressed in the Annual General Meeting pursuant to Chapter 5 Section 5 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. After thorough review and consideration of the proposal with regard to the Company's strategy  business  and good governance  the Board of Directors concluded that it does not recommend adoption of the proposed amendment to the Company's Articles of Association. The Board believes that the proposed amendment would be problematic to Nordea because of  among other things  the forced curtailing of customer relationships and potentially being contradictory to other applicable banking regulation. This would impact not only Nordea's ability to serve its customers and the society as a whole but also limit its ability to encourage a more impactful climate transition for the customers and society. The Board of Directors therefore recommends the rejection of the proposed amendment.It is important to stress that Nordea shares the strong sentiment on climate change that motivates the proposed amendment and agrees with the importance of reducing emissions and mitigating negative climate and nature effects  as well as focusing on related transition plans and reporting. The societal transition is of utmost importance and a key priority for Nordea. The proposed amendment would not help us create a positive impact in the real economy but rather limit our ability to do so. The Board of Directors does not consider that the Company's Articles of Association are an appropriate mechanism for stipulating on such matters - this is because Nordea is subject to extensive and detailed banking regulation that includes also climate and related reporting and because the corporate governance model and related legislation applicable to Nordea defines that the Company's strategy and monitoring its implementation is one of the most essential tasks of the Board of Directors  not the shareholders'.The starting point for Nordea in relation to climate and nature policies is our commitment to align our business strategy with key conclusions in the Paris agreement. Our commitment was approved by the Board of Directors early 2020  and implies that our emissions by 2050 should be net zero  taking into consideration both own operations and value chain. In addition  we have made the industry leading commitment to reduce emissions by 2030 by 40-50%  to be on the right trajectory towards the 2050 objective. These commitments cover all lending and investment portfolios. These are ambitious targets and Nordea is currently the only Nordic bank that has committed to such an overarching emission reduction target.Concretely  Nordea's 2030 objective is supported by sector-specific climate targets aligned with science-based pathways and regional sector roadmaps. Specifically regarding the oil & gas industry  we have taken firm decisions to ensure that our policies for this sector are aligned with the Group targets for 2030 and 2050 respectively. One key decision was to update our fossil fuel sector guideline to explicitly state that we do not provide project financing with the purpose to expand extraction of oil and/or gas.These sector targets and policies are steering how we develop our business plan and set the direction for how we interact and engage with customers. Our engagement strategy implies that we support corporates that have ambitious transition plans  and share Nordea's views on the long-term target to limit the temperature increase by 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial level. We believe that it is better to engage and influence customers to contribute to the transition  rather than to stop supporting customers with a challenging transition pathway. This implies that we are having close dialogue with our corporate customers to verify the maturity of their transition plans and targets to reduce emissions. In the short term  our target for 2025 is that 90% of our exposure to large corporates in climate vulnerable sectors is to be covered by transition plans. For smaller companies the process will take more time  reflecting the maturity and data availability for this customer segment. If customers do not share our view on the need to transition  the relationship will discontinue.Specifically for our oil and gas portfolio this has led to a significant drop in the total number of oil & gas customers we continue doing business with. Our financed emissions from lending to oil & gas companies are down by 85% since 2019. This demonstrates that we are executing on our policies and commitments. More details on our roadmap to reach our emission targets are described in Nordea's new progress report on climate actions and targets published on 14 December 2023 which is available at https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/climate-targets-and-actions-for-the-lending-portfolio.pdf. The report is our first step to provide further details on our targets and the actions taken to achieve them. Nordea's aim is to continuously develop the scope and details in how we report on the overall transition progress.Nordea is still engaging with a small number of oil and gas clients to support and encourage a transition away from fossil fuels towards renewables. However  the transition is not without challenges and there are individual cases that require special attention to navigate  e.g. to ensure a balanced and just transition and stable energy supply in our neighbouring region in the current geopolitical climate. Nordea's current position is that an even more radical exit from the sector could lead to other adverse effects  including issues related to social sustainability. Therefore the Board of Directors believes that Nordea has the right targets  a credible plan towards the medium and long-term targets  and a progressive engagement strategy that balances different sustainability targets. Abruptly curtailing relationships with customers before they have time to develop transition plans would be a damaging alternative path which the Board strongly opposes.Sustainability is at the core of Nordea's business strategy - integrated into all aspects of our business  from the product offering and investment decisions to internal operations. Adopting the Company's strategy and overseeing its proper implementation are integral duties of the Board of Directors. Stipulating on the Company's strategy in the Articles of Association  even in key areas such as sustainability  is not in line with widely recognised corporate governance practices. The proposed amendment to the Articles of Association contains room for interpretation creating undue uncertainty on the proper application thereof. Further  such provision guiding very specific areas of the Company's strategy would result in unclarity in the established division of duties and responsibilities between the shareholders' meeting and the Board of Directors. Moreover  Nordea will publish its first Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) report as part of the Annual Report 2024 and will continue to publish its progress report on climate actions and targets in the coming years.Therefore  the Board of Directors does not recommend the adoption of the proposed amendment to the Company's Articles of Association.Shareholders Greenpeace Nordic  Swedish Society for Nature Conservation (Naturskyddsföreningen) and Mellemfolkeligt Samvirke / Action Aid Denmark propose that the Articles of Association are amended by adding a new article 4  worded a follows:""4. Business activities aligned with the Paris AgreementThe company's strategy shall fully align with the Paris Agreement to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees. The company will therefore not provide lending and underwriting to companies and projects that expand fossil fuel extraction and/or lack Paris-aligned phase-out plans.""The proposal submitted by the shareholders is available on the Company's website at www.nordea.com/agm.25. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThis notice  which includes the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  the resolution proposals  and the organisational document of the Annual General Meeting  are available on the Company's website at www.nordea.com/agm. The annual report  containing the annual accounts  the Board of Directors' report and the Auditor's report  and the remuneration report for governing bodies as well as the amended remuneration policy for governing bodies are available on said website as of 29 February 2024 at the latest. These documents will also be viewable at the meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 4 April 2024 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General MeetingThe registration for the Annual General Meeting and the advance voting will commence on 29 February 2024 and end on 13 March 2024 at 23.59 EET. Instructions on registration for the Annual General Meeting for shareholders wishing to participate in the meeting at the meeting venue are set out in subsections 1  2 and 3 below. The instructions for advance voting are set out in subsection 4 below.In connection with the registration and advance voting  at least the following information is requested: the shareholder's name  national identification number (except for shareholders with shares registered with VP Securities A/S in Denmark) or business ID  email address  address  telephone number and information on a possible authorised representative. Strong electronic identification of private persons for registration on the Company's website requires the use of Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking IDs or mobile certificates. Instructions for holders of nominee registered shares are set out below under subsection ""6. Holders of nominee registered shares"". For shareholders that are Finnish legal persons  electronic registration requires providing the entity's business ID and that the relevant authorised person uses strong electronic identification for the registration. For shareholders that are legal persons with shares registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in Sweden or with shares registered with VP Securities A/S in Denmark  registration requires providing the entity's business ID  name of the shareholder  name and birthdate of the authorised representative  and an email address  address and telephone number as contact information. Information on proxy documents and Suomi.fi authorisations is set out in subsection 5 below.The personal data provided by the shareholders to the Company is only used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of related registrations. For further information on how Nordea processes your personal data  please visit www.nordea.com/en/privacy-policy.More information on registration for the meeting and advance voting is available until 13 March 2024 by phone from Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday between 9.00 and 12.00 EET and between 13.00 and 16.00 EET.The meeting can also be followed online via a live webcast on Nordea's website. It is possible to submit questions to the Q&A session with senior management before and during the webcast. Such questions do not constitute questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  and following the meeting via webcast does not constitute official participation in the Annual General Meeting. More information on the webcast and submitting questions before the Annual General Meeting is set out in subsection 7 below.1. Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Finland Oy in FinlandEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on 11 March 2024 has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder's personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company.A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall notify the Company thereof according to the instructions set out below.Notification of participation shall be made no later than by 23.59 EET on 13 March 2024electronically on the Company's website: www.nordea.com/agmby email to agm@innovatics.fi oror by regular mail: Innovatics Ltd  AGM/Nordea  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.2. Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in SwedenEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on 11 March 2024 has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Such shareholders are re-registered by the Company in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy provided that the shareholder has notified the Company thereof in accordance with the instructions set out below.Notification of participation shall be made no later than by 23.59 EET on 13 March 2024electronically on the Company's website: www.nordea.com/agmby email to agm@innovatics.fi oror by regular mail: Innovatics Ltd  AGM/Nordea  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.Shareholders whose shares are held in trust in Sweden must instruct the trustee to re-register their shares in the shareholders' own name in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB in good time prior to 13 March 2024  which is the deadline for re-registration.3. Shareholders with shares registered with VP Securities A/S in DenmarkEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by VP Securities A/S on 11 March 2024 has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Such shareholders are re-registered by the Company in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy provided that the shareholder has notified the Company thereof in accordance with the instructions set out below.Notification of participation shall be made no later than by 23.59 EET on 13 March 2024electronically on the Company's website: www.nordea.com/agmby email to agm@innovatics.fi oror by regular mail: Innovatics Ltd  AGM/Nordea  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.Shareholders whose shares are held in trust in Denmark must instruct the trustee to re-register their shares in the shareholders' own name in the shareholders' register maintained by VP Securities A/S in good time prior to 11 March 2024  which is the deadline for re-registration.4. Advance votingShareholders may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting. Advance voting commences on 29 February 2024 and ends on 13 March 2024 at 23.59 EET.Each shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as described in subsection 1 above  in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as described in subsection 2 above  or in the shareholders' register maintained by VP Securities A/S as described in subsection 3 above may vote in advance:electronically on the Company's website: www.nordea.com/agmby emailing the advance voting form available on the Company's website to: agm@innovatics.fi oror by regular mail by sending the advance voting form available on the Company's website to: Innovatics Ltd  AGM/Nordea  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.Shareholders whose shares are held in trust in Sweden or Denmark and who wish to vote in advance are advised to instruct the trustee to vote in advance on behalf of such shareholders by 23.59 EET on 13 March 2024 at the latest according to the instructions set out in this notice.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal if they are present or represented at the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue.Further instructions for advance voting will be available on the Company's website at www.nordea.com/agm on 29 February 2024 at the latest.5. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder of the Company may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their shareholders' rights at the meeting and/or vote in advance through a proxy representative. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting and/or vote in advance. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting or votes in advance through several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in the proxy documents. The proxy documents shall be delivered primarily as attachments in connection with registering on the Company's website at www.nordea.com/agm  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi   or mailed or delivered as originals to: Innovatics Ltd  AGM/Nordea  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  in good time and they must arrive by 23.59 EET on 13 March 2024 at the latest.The original proxy documents shall be presented to the Company upon request. Further instructions  including a proxy template  will be available on the Company's website at www.nordea.com/agm.Shareholders that are legal entities can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising proxies. For such authorisation  a shareholder authorises a representative in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic ""Representation at the General Meeting""). When registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic identification using their personal Finnish online banking IDs or a mobile certificate  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.6. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of the shares based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 11 March 2024 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered in the temporary shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by 10.00 EET on 18 March 2024 at the latest. In terms of nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request  without delay  the relevant instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the temporary shareholders' register of the Company and vote in advance on behalf of the nominee registered shareholder by 10.00 EET on 18 March 2024 at the latest.For the avoidance of doubt  instructions for shareholders whose shares are held in trust in Sweden or Denmark are set out above in subsection ""2. Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in Sweden"" and in subsection ""3. Shareholders with shares registered with VP Securities A/S in Denmark""  respectively.Further instructions are available on the Company's website at www.nordea.com/agm.7. Webcast of the Annual General Meeting and other informationThe meeting can be followed online via a live webcast. Detailed instructions on following the webcast will be available on the Company's website at www.nordea.com/agm before the Annual General Meeting.It will be possible to submit questions in writing to the Q&A session with senior management before and during the webcast. Before the meeting  questions can be submitted by email to agm@nordea.com or by regular mail to Nordea AGM / Group Legal SATA V5A  Satamaradankatu 5  FI-00020 Nordea  Finland. The Company will strive to answer all questions that are received before the Annual General Meeting. Questions submitted before the meeting or through the webcast will not constitute questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act. Following the meeting via webcast is not considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders following the meeting via webcast may exercise their voting rights by voting on the matters on the agenda in advance in accordance with the instructions provided in subsection 4 above.Shareholders are kindly asked to take into account that there is no reserved parking space available at the Annual General Meeting venue or in its vicinity and that the Company will not cover any parking fees. The Company therefore encourages shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting at the venue to arrive with public transport  or alternatively make use of the advance voting and webcast. The Annual General Meeting will be conducted mainly in Swedish  and partly in Finnish and English. Simultaneous interpretation will be available into Swedish  Finnish and English.Shareholders  assistants and proxy representatives must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue upon request.Information on the Annual General Meeting required by the Finnish Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act is available on the Company's website at www.nordea.com/agm.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask questions and request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to attend the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes. On the day of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  21 February 2024  the total number of shares in the Company is 3 521 499 960  which equals 3 521 499 960 votes.Helsinki on 21 February 2024Nordea Bank AbpBoard of DirectorsThis notice is published in English  Swedish and Finnish. In the event of any inconsistencies between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.For further information:Ilkka Ottoila  Head of Investor Relations  +358 9 5300 7058Media inquiries  +358 10 416 8023 or press@nordea.comThe information provided in this stock exchange release was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact set out above  at 9.00 EET on 21 February 2024.This information is provided by RNS  the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information  please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Notice', 'AGM', 'Nordea Bank Abp Stock exchange release', 'Scandic Marina Congress Center', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'earliest dividend payment date', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'VP Securities A/S', 'Deputy Managing Director', 'Q&A session', 'applicable record date', 'formal organisational matters', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'dividend record date', 'separate organisational document', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'A. Matters', 'annual accounts', 'following matters', 'Key word', 'voting rights', 'senior management', 'related decisions', 'Group CEO', 'single instalment', 'governing bodies', 'material changes', 'remuneration policy', 'Thursday 21 March', 'Advisory resolution', ""shareholders' register"", 'advance voting', 'C. Instructions', 'agenda items', 'related authorisation', 'financial year', 'remuneration report', 'live webcast', 'Such questions', '25 March', 'AGMEGM', 'Notice', 'CEST', '21 February', '09.00 EET', '12.00 EET', 'Helsinki', 'Company', 'Katajanokanlaituri', 'reception', 'persons', '10.30 EET', 'Section', 'participants', 'website', 'Chapter', 'participation', 'Information', 'proposals', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'use', 'profit', 'maximum', '31 December', 'force', 'effect', '3 April', 'Denmark', 'shares', 'members', 'liability', 'respect', '28 May', 'framework']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36482,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROBIT-OYJ-22252925/news/SUMMONS-TO-ROBIT-PLC-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-45994765/,SUMMONS TO ROBIT PLC'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,(marketscreener.com) ROBIT PLC        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE         21 FEBRUARY 2024 AT 10.00 EET                      SUMMONS TO ROBIT PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROBIT-OYJ-22252925/news/SUMMONS-TO-ROBIT-PLC…,ROBIT PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 21 FEBRUARY 2024 AT 10.00 EETSUMMONS TO ROBIT PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Robit Plc are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  3 April 2024 from 14.00 EET onwards at Tampere Hall  address Yliopistonkatu 55  33100  Tampere  Finland. The reception of registered participants and the distribution of ballots will commence at 13.30 EET.A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingThe following matters will be discussed at the General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements  the annual report and the auditor’s report for the year 2023Presentation of the CEO’s review.Robit Plc’s financial statements  annual report and auditor’s report are available on the company’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ no later than on 13 March 2024.7. The adoption of the financial statements  which also includes the adoption of consolidated financial statements8. Use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and deciding on the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that no dividend be paid based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial year 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration report for governing bodies be approved. The decision is advisory in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. The remuneration report will be available on the company’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ no later than on 13 March 2024.11. Handling of remuneration policy for governing bodiesThe remuneration policy for governing bodies shall be presented to the General Meeting at least every four years and whenever significant changes are made to the policy. The Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration policy for governing bodies be approved. The decision is advisory in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. The company’s updated remuneration policy for governing bodies will be available on the company’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ no later than on 13 March 2024.12. Resolution on the number of Board MembersThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be appointed to the Board of Directors.13. Resolution on the remuneration of the Board MembersThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Chairman of the Board is EUR 60 000  and to each Board Member is EUR 30 000  of which 40% will be paid as shares and the remaining 60% as an advance tax withheld and paid to the Finnish Tax Administration by the company.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board also proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the additional compensation of EUR 500 will be paid to the Chairman of the Board and the Board Members for each board meeting or committee meeting they have attended. Additionally  other costs such as travel  and lodging expenses will also be compensated.The annual remuneration for the entire term of office will be paid to the Chairman of the Board and to the Board Members in December 2024. The shares that form part of the remuneration payable to the Chairman of the Board and to the Board Members can be new shares issued by the company or shares acquired thereby pursuant to an authorisation provided to the Board of Directors by the General Meeting. The receiver of the remuneration will pay the applicable transfer tax.14. Election of the Board MembersThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the General Meeting that current Board MembersLasse Aho  Mikko Kuitunen  Harri Sjöholm  Markku Teräsvasara  Eeva-Liisa Virkkunen.be re-elected for a new term of office.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board further proposes thatKai Telannebe elected as a new Member of the Board of Directors.The current Board Member  Anne Koutonen has announced that she will no longer be available for re-election to the Board of Directors.The Board Members’ term of office will continue until the end of Annual General Meeting held in 2025.All candidates have consented to being elected to the position of Board Member and all are independent of the company and its significant shareholders  except for Harri Sjöholm  who is dependent on a significant shareholder of the company.The candidates’ profiles are available on Robit Plc’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ .15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration of the elected auditor be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the company.16. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors recommends that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy (PwC) be elected as the company’s auditor for a term of office expiring at the end of the following Annual General Meeting.PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it intends to appoint Markku Katajisto  Authorised Public Accountant  as the company’s principal responsible auditor.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares and/or accepting them as a pledgeThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide upon the acquisition of a maximum of 2 117 990 of the company’s own shares and/or accepting the same number of the company’s own shares as a pledge  in one or several tranches  by using the company’s unrestricted shareholders’ equity. The maximum total of shares that will be acquired and/or accepted as a pledge corresponds to 10% of all shares in the company as of the date of this summons. However  the company cannot  together with its subsidiary companies  own or accept as a pledge altogether more than 10% of its own shares at any point in time. The company’s shares may be purchased under this authorisation solely by using unrestricted shareholders’ equity.The shares will be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders via public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the date on which the acquisition is made or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation be used e.g. for the purposes of implementing the Board of Directors’ share-based compensation  the company’s share-based incentive systems or for other purposes as decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation be considered to cancel the authorisation granted by the General Meeting on 15 March 2023 to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation remain in force until the end of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than 30 June 2025.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue and on the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  in one or more tranches  either against or without consideration.The number of shares to be issued  including shares to be issued on the basis of special rights  may not exceed 2 117 990  which amounts to 10% of all shares in the company as of the date of this summons. The Board of Directors may decide to either issue new shares or to transfer any treasury shares held by the company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms that apply to the share issue and to the issuance of special rights entitling to shares  including the right to derogate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation be used e.g. for the purposes of strengthening the company’s balance sheet and improving its financial status or for other purposes as decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation remain in force until the end of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than 30 June 2025. This authorisation cancels any previously granted  unused authorisations to decide on a share issue and the issuance of options or other special rights entitling to shares.19. Amendment of the Charter of the Shareholders’ Nomination BoardThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting would decide to amend the Charter of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board by adding the following item to the tasks of the Board:The tasks of the Nomination Board include preparing and presenting a proposal regarding who should be elected as a Chairman and a Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting.The proposed Charter is available on Robit Plc’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ .20. Closing of the Annual General MeetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe aforementioned proposals that are included on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this summons are available on Robit Plc’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ . Robit Plc’s financial statements  annual report  auditor’s report  remuneration report and remuneration policy will be published on the aforementioned website on 13 March 2024 at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above will also be available at the meeting  and copies of them and this summons will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the General Meeting will be published on the aforementioned website on 17 April 2024.C. Instructions for the participants to the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register of Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting 20 March 2024 are eligible to attend the General Meeting. Any shareholder whose company shares are recorded in their personal Finnish book-entry account is automatically included in the company's shareholders' register. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.The registration period for the General Meeting commences on 22 February 2024 at 10.00 EET. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company and wishes to participate in the General Meeting shall register for the General Meeting no later than 25 March 2024 at 10.00 EET  by which time the registration must be received.A shareholder can register for the General Meeting:a. Via the company’s website at www.robitgroup.comElectronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy with a Finnish  Swedish  or Danish bank ID  or a mobile certificate.b. By email or mailShareholders registering by email or mail shall submit the registration form available on the company's website https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ or equivalent information by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Robit Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi .The shareholder and their representative are required to provide information  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID  contact details  the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the proxy's date of birth. The personal data provided to Robit Plc is only used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.The shareholder and their representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting.Further information on registration is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9.00 to 12.00 EET and from 13.00 to 16.00 EET.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is eligible to attend the General Meeting based on the shares  which would grant them entry into the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for the General Meeting 20 March 2024. Participation also requires that the shareholder is temporarily registered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 27 March 2024 at 10.00 EET at the latest. This is considered as registration for the General Meeting for the nominee-registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request the necessary instructions from their custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the register of shareholders  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration  and attendance at the General Meeting well in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall temporarily register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to attend the General Meeting in the register of shareholders of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Meeting through a proxy representative. The proxy representative must authenticate to the electronic registration service personally with strong authentication  after which they will be able to register on behalf of the shareholder  who they represent. The shareholder's proxy must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that they are entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. Proving the right to represent can be done by using the suomi.fi e-Authorizations service available in the electronic registration service.Model proxy documents and voting instructions are available on the company's website https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ . If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Robit Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Other instructions/informationThe meeting language is Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this summons  21 February 2024  Robit Plc has a total of 21 179 900 shares entitling to an equal number of votes. The company holds 47 190 own shares from the above-mentioned shares.Lempäälä  21 February 2024ROBIT PLCBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Markku Teräsvasara  Chairman+358 40 641 8474markku.terasvasara@gmail.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediawww.robitgroup.com,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'ROBIT PLC', 'SUMMONS', 'ROBIT PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'The Board Members’ term', 'Harri Sjöholm', 'Markku Teräsvasara', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'applicable transfer tax', 'consolidated financial statements', 'current Board Member', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'significant shareholders', 'advance tax', 'entire term', 'new term', 'annual remuneration', 'annual report', 'new Member', 'board meeting', 'six (6) members', 'committee meeting', 'registered participants', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'significant changes', 'additional compensation', 'other costs', 'lodging expenses', 'Lasse Aho', 'Mikko Kuitunen', 'Eeva-Liisa Virkkunen', 'Kai Telanne', 'Anne Koutonen', 'financial year', 'remuneration policy', 'Tampere Hall', 'candidates’ profiles', 'remuneration report', 'new shares', 'FEBRUARY', '10.00 EET', 'SUMMONS', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'address', 'Yliopistonkatu', 'Finland', 'reception', 'distribution', 'ballots', '13.30 EET', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'review', 'company', 'website', 'robitgroup', 'investor/corporate-governance', '13 March', 'Use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', 'Directors', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'Handling', 'decision', 'accordance', 'number', 'Chairman', 'EUR', 'travel', 'office', 'December', 'authorisation', 'receiver', 'position', '14.00']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36483,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/germany-stocks-mixed-at-close-of-trade-dax-up-029-3310130,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.29% By Investing.com,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.29%,Published Feb 21  2024 12:05PM ET© Reuters. Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.29%Investing.com – Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Wednesday  as gains in the   and sectors led shares higher while losses in the   and sectors led shares lower.At the close in Frankfurt  the rose 0.29% to hit a new all time high  while the index fell 0.17%  and the index fell 0.64%.The best performers of the session on the were Siemens Energy AG (ETR: )  which rose 3.35% or 0.45 points to trade at 13.88 at the close. Meanwhile  Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR: ) added 2.44% or 2.48 points to end at 104.30 and Dr Ing hc F Porsche AG Preferred (ETR: ) was up 2.25% or 1.78 points to 80.86 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Siemens Healthineers AG (ETR: )  which fell 2.95% or 1.62 points to trade at 53.30 at the close. Symrise AG Inh. O.N. (ETR: ) declined 1.42% or 1.40 points to end at 97.02 and Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR: ) was down 1.27% or 2.40 points to 186.45.The top performers on the MDAX were CTS Eventim AG (ETR: ) which rose 2.42% to 69.95  Lanxess AG (ETR: ) which was up 2.36% to settle at 24.74 and Hugo Boss AG NA O.N. (ETR: ) which gained 1.99% to close at 63.60.The worst performers were SMA Solar Technology AG (ETR: ) which was down 6.90% to 48.46 in late trade  Fresenius Medical Care KGAA ST (ETR: ) which lost 5.52% to settle at 35.62 and Nordex SE O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 2.02% to 9.92 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were TeamViewer AG (ETR: ) which rose 1.29% to 13.39  Infineon Technologies AG NA O.N. (ETR: ) which was up 1.03% to settle at 32.90 and Cancom SE O.N. (ETR: ) which gained 0.93% to close at 28.08.The worst performers were SMA Solar Technology AG (ETR: ) which was down 6.90% to 48.46 in late trade  ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc (ETR: ) which lost 3.73% to settle at 5.63 and Siemens Healthineers AG (ETR: ) which was down 2.95% to 53.30 at the close.Falling stocks outnumbered advancing ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 324 to 289 and 36 ended unchanged.The   which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was up 1.50% to 13.56.Gold Futures for April delivery was down 0.25% or 5.15 to $2 034.65 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in April rose 1.08% or 0.83 to hit $77.87 a barrel  while the April Brent oil contract rose 0.79% or 0.65 to trade at $82.99 a barrel.EUR/USD was unchanged 0.09% to 1.08  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.09% to 0.86.The US Dollar Index Futures was unchanged 0.00% at 103.97.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.12,0.2,0.68,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'Investing', 'Dr Ing hc F Porsche AG Preferred', 'Fresenius Medical Care KGAA ST', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Bayerische Motoren Werke AG', 'SMA Solar Technology AG', 'Nordex SE O.N.', 'Cancom SE O.N.', 'April Brent oil contract', 'NA O.N.', 'Siemens Energy AG', 'Siemens Healthineers AG', 'Symrise AG Inh.', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'CTS Eventim AG', 'Hugo Boss AG', 'Infineon Technologies AG', 'ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Gold Futures', 'Lanxess AG', 'TeamViewer AG', 'Crude oil', 'Germany stocks', 'best performers', 'worst performers', 'top performers', 'Falling stocks', 'implied volatility', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'April delivery', 'late trade', 'DAX options', 'Feb', 'Reuters', 'close', 'Wednesday', 'gains', 'sectors', 'shares', 'losses', 'session', 'ETR', '2.48 points', 'MDAX', 'TecDAX', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '0.45', '1.78', '1.62', '1.40', '2.40']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,investing.com
36484,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.telegraph.co.uk/photography/what-to-see/deutsche-brse-photography-foundation-prize-2024/,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2024: Never mind the curatorial neuroses – this is a shortlist to cherish,She would have invited you to part them  and reach inside – to find yourself fondling her breasts. Born Waltraud Lehner  this former convent girl had reinvented herself as an outrageous performance artist (styling herself Valie Export ,If you were walking around Vienna in 1968  you might have run into a young woman wearing a Styrofoam box strapped to her chest. The box was fitted with curtains. She would have invited you to part them  and reach inside – to find yourself fondling her breasts.Born Waltraud Lehner  this former convent girl had reinvented herself as an outrageous performance artist (styling herself Valie Export  after a brand of cigarettes). Visitors to the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize  at London’s Photographers’ Gallery  can’t escape Export’s peek-a-boo antics – further proof for those who like to pillory the award for its cerebral nominees  that the prize has dug its own grave. (In what sense is Export a photographer anyway  if she’s not even the one picking up the camera?)Nor will the haters be persuaded by the herd of cows that invade the gallery in Lebohang Kganye’s enigmatic installation. The South African artist cuts out figures from photo albums  arranging them in life-size dioramas that seek to tell the story of her family’s loss of farmland under apartheid.Another work  by Syria’s Hrair Sarkissian  abandons photography altogether. His “immersive soundscape” records the digging and scraping of archaeologists  excavating mass graves from the Spanish Civil War.But despite the familiar curatorial neuroses (chiefly  the obsession with art that “bears witness”)  don’t dismiss this year’s shortlist. Bursting as it is with conceptual art  it’s among the most imaginative of the prize’s editions I can recall.,neutral,0.48,0.49,0.03,mixed,0.17,0.26,0.57,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'curatorial neuroses', 'shortlist', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'The South African artist', 'outrageous performance artist', 'former convent girl', 'Spanish Civil War', 'familiar curatorial neuroses', 'young woman', 'Waltraud Lehner', 'boo antics', 'cerebral nominees', 'Lebohang Kganye', 'enigmatic installation', 'photo albums', 'life-size dioramas', 'Hrair Sarkissian', 'immersive soundscape', 'mass graves', 'Styrofoam box', 'Valie Export', 'Photographers’ Gallery', 'conceptual art', 'Vienna', 'chest', 'curtains', 'breasts', 'brand', 'cigarettes', 'Visitors', 'London', 'proof', 'award', 'sense', 'camera', 'haters', 'herd', 'cows', 'figures', 'story', 'family', 'loss', 'farmland', 'apartheid', 'work', 'Syria', 'digging', 'scraping', 'archaeologists', 'obsession', 'witness', 'shortlist', 'editions']",2024-02-22,2024-02-22,telegraph.co.uk
36485,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/adhoc/EQS-Adhoc-Deutsche-Beteiligungs-AG-Deutsche-Beteiligungs-AG-resolves-on-share-buyback-program-with-a-volume-of-up-to-20-million-euros-n16626272.html,EQS-Adhoc: Deutsche Beteiligungs AG: Deutsche Beteiligungs AG resolves on share buyback program with a volume of up to 20 million euros,The management board of Deutsche Beteiligungs AG („DBAG“) (ISIN: DE000A1TNUT7 / WKN: A1TNUT) has resolved today  with the consent of the supervisory board  to implement a share buyback program. The aggregate volume of the share buyback program amounts ...,EQS-Ad-hoc: Deutsche Beteiligungs AG / Key word(s): Share BuybackDeutsche Beteiligungs AG: Deutsche Beteiligungs AG resolves on share buyback program with a volume of up to 20 million euros22-Feb-2024 / 09:31 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Frankfurt am Main  22 February 2024Deutsche Beteiligungs AG resolves on share buyback program with a volume of up to 20 million eurosDisclosure of an inside information pursuant to Art. 17 Regulation (EU) No 596/2014The management board of Deutsche Beteiligungs AG („DBAG“) (ISIN: DE000A1TNUT7 / WKN: A1TNUT) has resolved today  with the consent of the supervisory board  to implement a share buyback program. The aggregate volume of the share buyback program amounts to up to 20 million euro (without incidental acquisition costs); however  a maximum of 800 000 shares shall be acquired under the share buyback program  which corresponds to a share of approximately 4.25% in the current share capital of DBAG. Under this share buyback program  the respective purchase price per share (without incidental acquisition costs) will not exceed the limit of 90% of the net asset value per share as published in the most recent quarterly statement of DBAG. The buyback will begin soon and will be implemented over a period of up to one year.With the share buyback program  the management board of DBAG makes use of the authorization to repurchase own shares granted by the shareholders’ meeting of DBAG on 28 February 2023 pursuant to Section 71 para. 1 no. 8 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG)  according to which authorization the management board may repurchase own shares  with the consent of the supervisory board  in an amount of up to ten percent of the share capital until 27 February 2028. In accordance with this authorization  the consideration per share to be paid by DBAG (without incidental acquisition costs) may not be more than ten percent higher or lower than the market price of DBAG shares determined on the trading day by the opening auction in Xetra trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.The share buyback will be implemented by a credit institution via the stock exchange in accordance with Art. 5 Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 596/2014) in conjunction with the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of the EU Commission. The repurchased shares can be used for all legally permissible purposes.Further details on the share buyback program will be published prior to the beginning of the share buyback program on the website of DBAG (http://www.dbag.de) under “Investor Relations – Share Buyback Program”. DBAG will also regularly publish information about the progress of the share buyback program on this website. DBAG reserves the right to suspend or terminate the share buyback program at any time.Contact:Roland RapeliusHead of Corporate Communications & Investor RelationsEmail: Roland.Rapelius@dbag.deTelephone: +49 69 95787 365,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Beteiligungs AG', 'share buyback program', '20 million euros', 'EQS-Adhoc', 'volume', 'up to ten percent', 'German Stock Corporation Act', 'Art. 5 Market Abuse Regulation', 'Deutsche Beteiligungs AG', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'incidental acquisition costs', 'net asset value', 'recent quarterly statement', 'to 20 million euro', 'EQS Group AG', 'respective purchase price', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'share buyback program', 'current share capital', 'market price', 'Art. 17 Regulation', 'EQS News', '20 million euros', 'Key word', 'management board', 'supervisory board', 'one year', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'trading day', 'opening auction', 'credit institution', 'Delegated Regulation', 'permissible purposes', 'Further details', 'Investor Relations', 'Roland RapeliusHead', 'Corporate Communications', 'Roland.Rapelius', 'inside information', 'aggregate volume', 'EU Commission', 'dbag.de', 'DBAG shares', '800,000 shares', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', '22 February', 'ISIN', 'DE000A1TNUT7', 'WKN', 'consent', 'maximum', 'limit', 'period', 'authorization', '28 February', 'Section 71', 'AktG', 'amount', '27 February', 'accordance', 'consideration', 'Xetra', 'conjunction', 'legally', 'beginning', 'website', 'progress', 'right', 'time', 'Contact', '09']",2024-02-22,2024-02-22,stock-world.de
36486,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/gallery/2024/feb/22/photography-deutsche-borse-prize-in-pictures?ref=mc.news,Mind-bending photography: the Deutsche Börse prize – in pictures,This year’s shortlist for the prestigious award includes work from a radical feminist trailblazer and a series about people who have gone missing during global conflicts Photograph: Gertraud Wolfschwenger/Valie Export Photograph: Peter Hassmann/Valie ...,From the series Last Seen  2018 The concept of the witness is central to Sarkissian’s work. Last Seen (2018–2021) represents people who have gone missing in global conflicts. In 50 images  taken in Argentina  Kosovo  Brazil  Lebanon and what is now Bosnia and Herzegovina  Sarkissian captures the place where a missing person was last seen by their loved ones. For those remaining family members or friends  time often stands still  while they continue to wait for news. The silent images of domestic spaces are visual testimonies  archiving the memory of the missing as well as their familiesPhotograph: Hrair Sarkissian,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.01,negative,0.02,0.48,0.5,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse prize', 'Mind-bending photography', 'pictures', 'remaining family members', 'global conflicts', 'missing person', 'loved ones', 'domestic spaces', 'visual testimonies', 'silent images', 'Hrair Sarkissian', '50 images', 'series', 'concept', 'witness', 'work', 'people', 'Argentina', 'Kosovo', 'Brazil', 'Lebanon', 'Bosnia', 'Herzegovina', 'place', 'friends', 'time', 'news', 'memory', 'families', 'Photograph']",2024-02-22,2024-02-22,theguardian.com
36487,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/99728/worldline-extends-contract-with-bnp-paribas-fortis,Worldline extends contract with BNP Paribas Fortis,Worldline (Euronext: WLN)  a global leader in payment services  is extending its partnership with BNP Paribas Fortis  the Belgian subsidiary of the French multinational bank and financial services provider  BNP Paribas.,Source: WorldlineWorldline (Euronext: WLN)  a global leader in payment services  is extending its partnership with BNP Paribas Fortis  the Belgian subsidiary of the French multinational bank and financial services provider  BNP Paribas.The extension is starting from now on  for five years at least  and focuses on the delivery of best-in-class and customer-centric issuing solutions.Worldline delivers a wide range of issuing services to BNP Paribas Fortis  covering amongst others local and international debit and credit payment brands; different payment types as POS  e-commerce  mobile; and customer services such as dispute management  fraud management and card blocking.The relationship between Worldline and BNP Paribas Fortis is built on a foundation of trust and a deep understanding of BNP Paribas Fortis’s infrastructure  client platforms and innovative goals. Through the partnership  Worldline will continue to support BNP Paribas Fortis’s strategic initiatives and the completion of compliance projects to secure both qualitative and quantitative results.Alessandro Baroni  Head of Worldline Financial Services  said: “We are proud that BNP Paribas Fortis agreed to extend our partnership  as it is a clear token of trust. By committing to further enhancement of our service offerings and solidifying our presence at the forefront of innovation in the payments market  Worldline will be able to further support BNP Paribas Fortis through the delivery of high-quality  client-centric services. The extension of this partnership cements Worldline's position as a key partner of banks  not only in Belgium  but across Europe and beyond.”Worldline is committed to long-term partnerships based on innovation  joint strategy developing co-created solutions. This announcement marks a significant milestone  highlighting Worldline’s position as a trusted partner for financial services  and greatly increases its impact and position in the Belgian market.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.34,0.33,0.33,True,English,"['BNP Paribas Fortis', 'Worldline', 'contract', 'French multinational bank', 'BNP Paribas Fortis', 'credit payment brands', 'different payment types', 'high-quality, client-centric services', 'financial services provider', 'customer-centric issuing solutions', 'Worldline Financial Services', 'payment services', 'issuing services', 'customer services', 'global leader', 'Belgian subsidiary', 'five years', 'wide range', 'international debit', 'dispute management', 'fraud management', 'card blocking', 'deep understanding', 'client platforms', 'innovative goals', 'strategic initiatives', 'compliance projects', 'quantitative results', 'Alessandro Baroni', 'clear token', 'service offerings', 'payments market', 'key partner', 'long-term partnerships', 'joint strategy', 'significant milestone', 'trusted partner', 'Belgian market', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'extension', 'delivery', 'class', 'others', 'local', 'POS', 'commerce', 'relationship', 'foundation', 'infrastructure', 'completion', 'qualitative', 'Head', 'enhancement', 'presence', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'banks', 'Belgium', 'Europe', 'announcement', 'impact']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,finextra.com
36488,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/21/2832449/0/en/Aedifica-NV-SA-2023-annual-results.html,Aedifica NV/SA: 2023 annual results,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2023 annual results.,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2023 annual results.Robust operational performance driving strong results ahead of budgetEPRA Earnings* amounted to €219.6 million (+21% compared to 31 Dec. 2022) or €5.02/shareRental income increased to €314.2 million (+15% compared to 31 Dec. 2022)5.2% increase in rental income on a like-for-like basis over the yearWeighted average unexpired lease term of 19 years and occupancy rate of 100%Real estate portfolio* of more than €5.8 billion as at 31 December 2023617 healthcare properties for approx. 46 900 end users across 8 countriesInvestment programme of €413 million in pre-let development projects and acquisitions in progress  of which €245 million remains to be invested. In 2023  36 projects were delivered for a total investment budget of approx. €309 millionSolid balance sheet and strong liquidity39.7% debt-to-assets ratio as at 31 December 2023Strengthening equity: €406 million raised on capital markets through two capital increases (rights issue & optional dividend)New long-term bank financing contracted for €645 million (of which €540 million is refinancing and €105 million is new financing)€911 million of headroom on committed credit lines to finance CAPEX and liquidity needsBBB investment-grade credit rating with a stable outlook reaffirmed by S&POutlookProposed dividend of €3.80/share (gross) is confirmed (distribution in May 2024)EPRA Earnings* for 2024 are estimated at €223 million  or €4.70/shareUK REIT regime will increase the contribution of UK operating cashflows to the Group’s resultsAn increasing dividend of €3.90/share (gross) proposed for the 2024 financial yearAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', '2023 annual results', 'public regulated real estate company', 'average unexpired lease term', 'BBB investment-grade credit rating', 'New long-term bank financing', 'Real estate portfolio', 'committed credit lines', 'Robust operational performance', 'Solid balance sheet', 'UK REIT regime', 'UK operating cashflows', 'two capital increases', 'S&P Outlook', '2024 financial year Attachments', 'total investment budget', 'new financing', 'Investment programme', 'capital markets', 'stable outlook', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'EPRA Earnings', 'Rental income', 'occupancy rate', '617 healthcare properties', '46,900 end users', 'strong liquidity', 'assets ratio', 'Strengthening equity', 'rights issue', 'liquidity needs', '2023 annual results', 'strong results', 'optional dividend', 'increasing dividend', 'development projects', '36 projects', 'Aedifica', '31 Dec.', '5.2% increase', 'basis', '19 years', '31 December', 'approx', '8 countries', 'acquisitions', 'progress', '39.7% debt', 'refinancing', 'headroom', 'CAPEX', 'gross', 'distribution', 'May', 'contribution', 'Group']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,globenewswire.com
36489,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KRUSO-KAPITAL-S-P-A-164638811/news/Kruso-Kapital-submits-application-to-switch-to-investor-segment-46000422/,Kruso Kapital submits application to switch to investor segment,(marketscreener.com) Kruso Kapital Spa announced Tuesday that it has submitted an application to Borsa Italiana Spa to move from Euronext Growth Milan - Professional segment  dedicated to institutional and professional investors  to the Euronext Growth Milan …,(Alliance News) - Kruso Kapital Spa announced Tuesday that it has submitted an application to Borsa Italiana Spa to move from Euronext Growth Milan - Professional segment  dedicated to institutional and professional investors  to the Euronext Growth Milan market open to retail investors.Subject to confirmation by Borsa Italiana  the admission of the company's ordinary shares to trading on Euronext Growth Milan is scheduled for Feb. 22  while the start date of trading is scheduled for Feb. 26.Kruso Kapital closed  Wednesday  unchanged at EUR1.98 per share.By Chiara Bruschi  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,True,English,"['Kruso Kapital', 'investor segment', 'application', '2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Alliance News reporter', 'Kruso Kapital Spa', 'Borsa Italiana Spa', 'Professional segment', 'professional investors', 'retail investors', 'ordinary shares', 'start date', 'Chiara Bruschi', 'application', 'institutional', 'confirmation', 'admission', 'company', 'Feb.', 'trading', 'Comments', 'questions', 'alliancenews', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36490,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8033273891412393,Innate Pharma Announces Its Participation to Upcoming Investor Conference,Regulatory News:     Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (&#x201C;   Innate   &#x201D; or the &#x201C;   Company   &#x201D;) today announced that members of its senior management team are scheduled to participate in the upcoming invest...,"Innate Pharma Announces Its Participation to Upcoming Investor ConferenceRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“ Innate ” or the “ Company ”) today announced that members of its senior management team are scheduled to participate in the upcoming investor conference  detailed below.Leerink Partners Global Biopharma Conference 2024Event Date: March 11-13  2024  Miami  FloridaAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® ( A ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn .Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240220117014/en/For additional information  please contact:InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conference', 'Innate Pharma', 'Participation', 'ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'Global Biopharma Conference', 'Upcoming Investor Conference', 'senior management team', 'multiple tumor types', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'innate immune system', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'cancer patients', 'Leerink Partners', 'Event Date', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'source version', 'Media Relations', 'Arthur Rouillé', 'Euronext Paris', 'actual results', 'Regulatory News', 'advanced form', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'looking information', 'additional information', 'numerous risks', 'Henry Wheeler', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', 'Participation', 'members', 'March', 'Miami', 'Florida', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Marseille', 'France', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'innate-pharma', 'NewCap', '33', '1']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,investorsobserver.com
36491,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHAXIAM-THERAPEUTICS-S-A-159356796/news/Phaxiam-to-delist-ADS-from-Nasdaq-in-March-45994797/,Phaxiam to delist ADS from Nasdaq in March,(marketscreener.com) Phaxiam Therapeutics says it has notified the Nasdaq Stock Market of its intention to voluntarily delist its American Depositary Shares representing its ordinary shares  which should be effective before the market opens on March 11.Its or…,Phaxiam to delist ADS from Nasdaq in MarchFebruary 21  2024 at 03:04 am EST SharePhaxiam Therapeutics says it has notified the Nasdaq Stock Market of its intention to voluntarily delist its American Depositary Shares (ADSs) representing its ordinary shares  which should be effective before the market opens on March 11.Its ordinary shares have been listed on Euronext Paris since May 2013  initially under the name Erytech Pharma. The company listed its ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in November 2017  then transferred their listing to the Nasdaq Capital Market in April 2023.'This delisting will enable us to save valuable resources and refocus our optimized organization on key development programs  while maintaining our presence on Euronext Paris'  explains its CFO Eric Soyer.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.04,0.89,0.06,neutral,0.07,0.86,0.07,True,English,"['Phaxiam', 'ADS', 'Nasdaq', 'March', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'key development programs', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'American Depositary Shares', 'ordinary shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'Erytech Pharma', 'valuable resources', 'Eric Soyer', 'Phaxiam Therapeutics', 'ADS', 'March', 'February', 'intention', 'May', 'name', 'company', 'November', 'listing', 'April', 'organization', 'presence', 'CFO', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '03', '04']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36492,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROCTOOL-S-A-14912735/news/ROCTOOL-Issue-of-1-049-290-new-shares-in-connection-with-the-early-redemption-of-ORNAN-2021-45994000/,ROCTOOL: Issue of 1 049 290 new shares in connection with the early redemption of ORNAN 2021 -February 21  2024 at 02:02 am EST,(marketscreener.com) ROCTOOLROCTOOL: Issue of 1 049 290 new shares in connection with the early redemption of ORNAN 2021 21-Feb-2024 / 08:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely respons…,"Press ReleaseLe Bourget-du-Lac  21st of February 2024  8am CETIssue of 1 049 290 new shares in connection with theearly redemption of ORNAN 2021Roctool (Euronext Growth – FR0010523167 – ALROC)  specialists in mold heating and cooling technologies for plastics and composites  announces the issue of 1 049 290 new shares following the early redemption of all the ORNAN 2021 bonds.On February 20  2024  Roctool's Board of Directors noted the issue of 1 049 290 new shares  each with a par value of twenty (20) cents (the ""New Shares"")  following early redemption of the 636 950 ORNAN 2021 bonds outstanding at February 15  2024.Settlement of the New Shares will take place on February 23  2024. will be admitted to trading on Euronext Growth on the same date and will be listed on the same line as existing Roctool shares (Euronext Growth FR0010523167 - ALROC).The company's share capital is now made up of 6 731 186 shares  each with a par value of twenty (20) cents each.Next publication: annual results in April 2024Contact press / Investor relationsAelyon advisorsValentine Boivin+33 1 75 77 54 65roctool@aelyonadvisors.comAbout Roctool: Roctool  specializes in rapid heat and cool technologies for plastic injection and composite molding. The processes developed by Roctool are in production in the following industries: automotive  electronics  consumer products  renewable energy  beauty packaging and medical. Roctool is an induction molding technology  working with plastic and composite including recycled materials. Roctool offers Engineering services  induction generators  tooling hardware and on-site support to manufacturers around the globe. Roctool technologies are well known for removing secondary operations which enable manufacturers to reduce the overall cost of the parts produced  as well as their environmental impact. Headquarters are found in Le Bourget-du-Lac (France)  Roctool is present in the USA  China  Japan and Germany.For more information: www.roctool.com",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['1,049,290 new shares', 'early redemption', 'ROCTOOL', 'Issue', 'connection', 'ORNAN', 'February', '02:02', 'induction molding technology', 'existing Roctool shares', 'induction generators', 'Press Release', 'Le Bourget-du-Lac', '1,049,290 new shares', 'early redemption', 'Euronext Growth', 'cooling technologies', 'par value', 'twenty (20) cents', 'same date', 'same line', 'share capital', 'Next publication', 'annual results', 'Contact press', 'Investor relations', 'Aelyon advisors', 'Valentine Boivin', 'rapid heat', 'cool technologies', 'composite molding', 'following industries', 'consumer products', 'renewable energy', 'beauty packaging', 'recycled materials', 'Engineering services', 'site support', 'secondary operations', 'overall cost', 'environmental impact', 'ORNAN 2021 bonds', 'plastic injection', 'Roctool technologies', '6,731,186 shares', 'February', '8am', 'Issue', 'connection', 'ALROC', 'specialists', 'heating', 'plastics', 'composites', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Settlement', 'place', 'company', 'April', 'aelyonadvisors', 'processes', 'production', 'automotive', 'electronics', 'medical', 'hardware', 'manufacturers', 'globe', 'parts', 'Headquarters', 'France', 'USA', 'China', 'Japan', 'Germany', 'information']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36493,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/21/2832478/0/en/21Shares-Enters-Modular-Blockchain-Network-Ecosystem-with-Launch-of-Celestia-ETP.html,21Shares Enters Modular Blockchain Network Ecosystem with Launch of Celestia ETP,The 21Shares Celestia Staking ETP tracks the performance of Celestia’s underlying token – TIA – while capturing and reinvesting staking yields into the ETP,"The 21Shares Celestia Staking ETP tracks the performance of Celestia’s underlying token – TIA – while capturing and reinvesting staking yields into the ETPZURICH February 21  2024 – 21Shares AG (""21Shares"")  the world's largest issuer of cryptocurrency exchange traded products (ETPs) and a subsidiary of 21.co  announced the launch of the 21Shares Celestia Staking ETP (Ticker: ATIA). The new ETP provides investors with access to Celestia’s staking yields with the added benefit of professional risk management  all while avoiding the need to lock assets directly.Established in October 2023  Celestia is a groundbreaking Layer 1 modular data availability network designed to revolutionize blockchain scaling and deployment. Its interoperable design leverages a unique consensus mechanism and data availability sampling (DAS) technology  making blockchain infrastructure more secure and close to 99% less expensive to maintain. The 21Shares Celestia Staking ETP provides a regulated and 100% physically backed way for investors to tap into the growth of Celestia without directly owning the token itself.""Celestia represents the future of blockchain architecture  and we are thrilled to offer investors the opportunity to participate in its growth through our Celestia ETP "" said Mandy Chiu  Head of Financial Product Development at 21Shares. ""As the world's largest issuer of cryptocurrency ETPs  we are committed to delivering innovative investment products that unlock the potential of emerging blockchain technologies.""Key features of Celestia and the Celestia ETP include:New structure for blockchain : Established in October 2023  Celestia’s unique design offers cost-effective access to blockchain data  making it less expensive to run and build blockchains. Its interoperable design makes it easy to use with many different networks  defining a breakthrough approach for scaling new blockchains: Established in October 2023  Celestia’s unique design offers cost-effective access to blockchain data  making it less expensive to run and build blockchains. Its interoperable design makes it easy to use with many different networks  defining a breakthrough approach for scaling new blockchains Staking with ease : With ATIA  investors have the opportunity to access staking yields with the benefit of professional risk management while avoiding the need to lock assets: With ATIA  investors have the opportunity to access staking yields with the benefit of professional risk management while avoiding the need to lock assets 100% physically backed: The 21Shares Celestia ETP is 100% physically backed by the underlying TIA tokens which are held in cold storage by an institutional-grade custodian  offering greater protection than custody options available to individual investors.The 21Shares Celestia ETP is available today for trading on the Euronext Paris & Amsterdam exchange  offering investors a convenient and secure avenue to access the transformative potential of Celestia and the broader blockchain ecosystem.For more information about the 21Shares Celestia ETP  please visit https://21shares.com/product/ATIA.Name ETN ISIN Ticker Listing Currency Exchange Listing Date 21Shares Staking Celestia ETP CH1326116832 ATIA FP (Euronext Paris)ATIA NA (Euronext Amsterdam) Euro (Euronext Paris)USD (Euronext Paris) Euronext Paris & Euronext Amsterdam 21st February 2024Press Contacts:Maggie Ng  VP of Marketing  press@21.coAbout 21.co:21.co is the world’s leader in providing access to crypto through simple and easy to use products. 21.co is the parent company of 21Shares  the world’s largest issuer of cryptocurrency exchange traded products (ETPs) – which is powered by Onyx  a proprietary technology platform used to issue and operate cryptocurrency ETPs for 21Shares and third parties. The company was founded in 2018 by Hany Rashwan and Ophelia Snyder. 21Shares is registered in Zurich  Switzerland with offices in Zurich and New York. For more information  please visit 21.co.###DisclaimerThis document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG in any jurisdiction. Neither this document nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any offer or commitment whatsoever or for any other purpose in any jurisdiction. Nothing in this document should be considered investment advice.This document and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into (directly or indirectly) the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution or release would be unlawful.This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in or into the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. The securities of 21Shares AG to which these materials relate have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will not be a public offering of securities in the United States. Neither the US Securities and Exchange Commission nor any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States has approved or disapproved of an investment in the securities or passed on the accuracy or adequacy of the contents of this presentation. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.Within the United Kingdom  this document is only being distributed to and is only directed at: (i) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”); or (iii) persons who fall within Article 43(2) of the Order  including existing members and creditors of the Company or (iv) any other persons to whom this document can be lawfully distributed in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply. The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.Exclusively for potential investors in any EEA Member State that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) is made available on the Issuer’s website under www.21Shares.com.The approval of the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) should not be understood as an endorsement by the SFSA of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. Eligible potential investors should read the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) and the relevant Final Terms before making an investment decision in order to understand the potential risks associated with the decision to invest in the securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand.This document constitutes advertisement within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and not a prospectus. The 2023 Base Prospectus of 21Shares AG has been deposited pursuant to article 54(2) FinSA with SIX Exchange Regulation AG in its function as Swiss prospectus review body within the meaning of article 52 FinSA. The 2023 Base Prospectus and the key information document for any products may be obtained###",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.38,0.3,True,English,"['Modular Blockchain Network Ecosystem', 'Celestia ETP', '21Shares', 'Launch', 'ETN ISIN Ticker Listing Currency Exchange Listing Date', 'groundbreaking Layer 1 modular data availability network', 'The 21Shares Celestia Staking ETP', 'cryptocurrency exchange traded products', 'Euronext Amsterdam 21st February', 'The 21Shares Celestia ETP', '21Shares Staking Celestia ETP', 'data availability sampling', 'United States Securities Act', 'professional risk management', 'Financial Product Development', 'many different networks', 'innovative investment products', 'proprietary technology platform', 'unique consensus mechanism', 'emerging blockchain technologies', 'broader blockchain ecosystem', 'underlying TIA tokens', 'Amsterdam exchange', 'blockchain data', 'new ETP', 'staking yields', '21Shares AG', 'DAS) technology', 'cryptocurrency ETPs', 'investment advice', 'unique design', 'Euronext Paris', 'blockchain scaling', 'blockchain infrastructure', 'blockchain architecture', 'underlying token', 'largest issuer', 'interoperable design', 'Mandy Chiu', 'Key features', 'New structure', 'breakthrough approach', 'cold storage', 'institutional-grade custodian', 'greater protection', 'custody options', 'secure avenue', 'Press Contacts', 'Maggie Ng', 'third parties', 'Hany Rashwan', 'Ophelia Snyder', 'New York', 'other purpose', 'applicable exemption', 'cost-effective access', 'new blockchains', 'transformative potential', 'parent company', 'added benefit', 'other jurisdiction', 'ATIA FP', 'individual investors', 'performance', 'ZURICH', 'world', 'subsidiary', '21.co', 'launch', 'need', 'assets', 'October', 'deployment', 'regulated', 'way', 'growth', 'future', 'opportunity', 'Head', 'ease', 'trading', 'convenient', 'information', 'Name', 'VP', 'Marketing', 'leader', 'simple', 'Onyx', 'Switzerland', 'offices', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'basis', 'connection', 'commitment', 'distribution', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'sale', 'materials', 'registration']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,globenewswire.com
36494,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROCTOOL-S-A-14912735/news/Roctool-down-on-new-share-issue-45997005/,Roctool: down on new share issue -February 21  2024 at 07:48 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Roctool fell by 10% after the specialist in mold heating and cooling technologies for plastics and composites announced the issue of 1 049 290 new shares following the early redemption of all 2021 ORNAN bonds.The new shares will be settle…,Roctool: down on new share issueFebruary 21  2024 at 07:48 am EST ShareRoctool fell by 10% after the specialist in mold heating and cooling technologies for plastics and composites announced the issue of 1 049 290 new shares following the early redemption of all 2021 ORNAN bonds.The new shares will be settled on February 23. They will be listed on Euronext Growth on the same date  and will be quoted on the same line as the existing shares. Roctool's share capital will now consist of 6 731 186 shares.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.05,0.78,0.17,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['new share issue', 'Roctool', 'February', '07', '48', 'new share issue', '1,049,290 new shares', 'mold heating', 'cooling technologies', 'early redemption', '2021 ORNAN bonds', 'Euronext Growth', 'same date', 'same line', 'share capital', 'existing shares', '6,731,186 shares', 'Roctool', 'February', 'specialist', 'plastics', 'composites', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '07']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36495,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/21/2833017/0/en/AMG-Reports-Record-Setting-Earnings-for-the-Full-Year-2023.html,AMG Reports Record-Setting Earnings for the Full Year 2023,Amsterdam  21 February 2024 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) reported record-setting adjusted EBITDA $350 million in 2023  due largely to strong profitability in our lithium and vanadium businesses. Fo…,Amsterdam  21 February 2024 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) reported record-setting adjusted EBITDA $350 million in 2023  due largely to strong profitability in our lithium and vanadium businesses. Fourth quarter 2023 revenue was $367 million  a 6% decrease versus the fourth quarter of 2022. Fourth quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $71 million decreased 32% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022.Cash from operating activities was $223 million in 2023  the highest in AMG’s history  and 33% higher than the $168 million in 2022.In 000’s US dollars Q4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Revenue $367 235 $390 004 (6%) $1 625 861 $1 642 774 (1%) Adjusted EBITDA (1) 71 142 104 061 (32%) 350 491 342 550 2% Cash from operating activities 44 704 56 969 (22%) 223 000 167 567 33% Return on Capital Employed 26.3% 30.8% 26.3% 30.8%Note:(1) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBIT adjusted for depreciation and amortization.Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch  Chairman of the Management Board and CEO  said  “AMG has achieved the highest adjusted EBITDA in its 16 year history with $350 million for the full year 2023. Market conditions for all products within our portfolio substantially weakened as the year progressed. The 32% decrease in adjusted EBITDA compared to the fourth quarter of 2022 was driven in large part by the global decline in metal prices within our portfolio  predominantly the lithium price decline. The average quarterly prices of lithium carbonate and ferrovanadium decreased over 76% and 26%  respectively  versus the average pricing in the fourth quarter of 2022.Cash from operating activities was $223 million in 2023  the highest in AMG’s history  and 33% higher than the $168 million in 2022. We were $38 million free cash flow positive for the year despite investing $169 million in capital projects as well as acquiring a 25% stake in Zinnwald in 2023. This underscores our low-cost position in both lithium and vanadium. We ended the year in a $323 million net debt position  and continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate sources of liquidity. As of December 31  2023  the Company had $345 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and $195 million available on its revolving credit facility. As such  AMG had $540 million of total liquidity as of December 31  2023. AMG continues to benefit from its low-cost fixed-rate debt facilities  and has an average interest rate charge across its two main debt instruments of 5%.AMG Engineering signed $350 million in new orders during 2023  the highest full year order intake in AMG’s history  and 24% higher than in 2022. This record order intake was driven by strong orders of remelting and heat treatment furnaces  representing a 1.27x book to bill ratio. AMG’s order backlog was $295 million as of December 31  2023.Through its critical materials science-based solutions  AMG  as its mission  seeks to contribute to CO 2 reduction by way of “enabling” its customers to increase the efficiency of renewable energy production  and to “enable” energy saving strategies. We measure the enabled contribution to CO 2 reduction at our customer level via stringent third-party developed life cycle assessments. We based this mission on the belief that in this obviously high growth environment  we could achieve both above average financial returns and use our proprietary technologies to be at the forefront of the industrial contribution to atmospheric CO 2 reduction. Our Enabling CO 2 Reduction Portfolio (ECO 2 RP) in 2023 enabled 110.3 million tons of CO 2 reduction  11% more than the 99.4 million tons of enabled CO 2 reduction in 2022.”LithiumIn Brazil  our lithium concentrate plant will temporarily stop production for the change-over period in March 2024 in order to facilitate the expansion from 90 000 tons to 130 000 tons. We expect to produce 93 000 tons for the full year of 2024 and will operate at the full expanded capacity rate  or 130 000 tons per year  in the fourth quarter of 2024.AMG’s lithium hydroxide refinery’s first 20 000-ton module in Bitterfeld  Germany  is in advanced phases of commissioning  and the product qualification process is planned to start in the third quarter of 2024.VanadiumThe Zanesville  Ohio facility exceeded our target production volumes in the fourth quarter of 2023. The production from both the roasting operation and the melt shop exceeded historical averages achieved by the Cambridge  Ohio operation.Enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022  AMG Vanadium qualified for Section 45X effective from 2023 onwards  which provides a production credit for domestic manufacturing of critical materials. Based on preliminary regulations as issued by the IRS  AMG expects to receive a subsidy of approximately $6 million for full year 2023. The ruling is still in the comment period and  as such  is subject to a final determination.AMG’s innovative lithium vanadium battery (“LIVA”) projects are integral for industrial power management applications and accelerate the energy transition. The batteries are currently under various stages of bidding and development. One is operational  three are currently under contract and being engineered  and 15 are in bidding and development stages  with a total megawatt hour (MWh) capacity of 749 MWh.AMG LIVA has agreed to acquire the Vanadium Redox Flow Battery (“VRFB”) activities from J.M. VOITH SE & CO. KG (“VOITH”). VOITH has developed an advanced technology for controlling and balancing large-scale high-voltage VRFB energy storage systems. The technology complements LIVA’s VRFB system development. LIVA will continue to develop the technology and integrate it into its large-scale energy storage systems.The vanadium electrolyte plant at AMG Titanium in Nuremberg  Germany is under construction. The target capacity is 6 000 m³ vanadium electrolyte  the equivalent of approximately 100 MWh  which will serve the electricity storage market  including a vertical integration into LIVA batteries. We expect to have nameplate capacity available by the second half of 2024.AMG Vanadium has acquired the processing technologies and IP related activities from Transformation Technologies Inc. (“TTI”)  a US company based in Oregon. This unique thermal treatment of spent catalyst and other oil refinery wastes into valuable products is complementary to AMG’s existing spent catalyst processing technology and know-how. AMG will integrate the TTI technology into its global strategic growth initiatives conducted through Shell & AMG Recycling (“SARBV”).SARBV’s “Supercenter” project in the Middle East is a facility to produce high-purity vanadium oxides for applications such as chemicals and aerospace as well as vanadium electrolyte for the long duration energy storage market in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The facility will operate under a long-term supply contract with Saudi Aramco for vanadium-containing gasification ash from its power plants in the Kingdom. For illustration purposes  Phase 1 of the Supercenter plans to produce 8 million pounds of vanadium oxide from 7 000 metric tons of gasification ash located at a site in Jubail  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The FEL3 basic engineering has been submitted. The full Supercenter project will also include the processing of spent catalysts  a Fresh Catalyst R&D facility and a LIVA Hybrid Energy Storage System.Financial HighlightsAMG’s full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA was a record-setting $350 million due largely to high profitability in our lithium and vanadium businesses  offset by lower profit in AMG Critical Minerals.Cash from operating activities was $223 million in 2023  compared to $168 million in 2022  largely driven by the lithium and vanadium expansion projects as well as strong cash flows from our Silicon business driven by energy sales.AMG’s free cash flow (1) was $38 million in 2023.was $38 million in 2023. AMG’s liquidity as of December 31  2023 was $540 million  with $345 million of unrestricted cash and $195 million of revolving credit availability.Annualized return on capital employed was 26.3% for 2023  compared to 30.8% in 2022.AMG Engineering signed $350 million in new orders during 2023  the highest in AMG’s history and 24% higher than in 2022.The total 2023 dividend proposed is €0.60 per ordinary share  including the interim dividend of €0.40  paid on August 9  2023.Note:(1) Free cash flow is defined as cash flows from operating activities less cash flows used in investing activities.Key FiguresIn 000’s US dollars Q4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Revenue $367 235 $390 004 (6%) $1 625 861 $1 642 774 (1%) Gross profit 55 252 119 981 (54%) 389 431 409 486 (5%) Gross margin 15.0% 30.8% 24.0% 24.9% Operating profit 19 503 82 319 (76%) 221 752 307 059 (28%) Operating margin 5.3% 21.1% 13.6% 18.7% Net income attributable to shareholders 2 173 60 697 (96%) 101 320 187 589 (46%) EPS - Fully diluted 0.07 1.85 (96%) 3.12 5.73 (46%) EBIT (1) 56 706 91 719 (38%) 295 855 297 251 —% Adjusted EBITDA (2) 71 142 104 061 (32%) 350 491 342 550 2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 19.4% 26.7% 21.6% 20.9% Cash from operating activities 44 704 56 969 (22%) 223 000 167 567 33%Notes:(1) EBIT is defined as earnings before interest and income taxes. EBIT excludes restructuring  asset impairment  inventory cost adjustments  environmental provisions  exceptional legal expenses and other exceptional items  equity-settled share-based payments  and strategic expenses.(2) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBIT adjusted for depreciation and amortization.Operational ReviewAMG Clean Energy MaterialsQ4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Revenue $157 594 $176 065 (10%) $725 505 $667 804 9% Gross profit 35 112 81 583 (57%) 274 387 267 862 2% Operating profit 28 576 69 779 (59%) 217 309 222 590 (2%) Adjusted EBITDA 55 924 80 347 (30%) 297 190 259 480 15%AMG Clean Energy Materials’ revenue decreased 10% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022  to $158 million  driven mainly by the 76% and 26% decrease in prices for lithium carbonate and ferrovanadium  respectively  since the fourth quarter of 2022. This price decrease was partially offset by increased volumes in vanadium and lithium. Higher average annual prices for spodumene as well as higher sales volumes of vanadium  lithium concentrate  and tantalum propelled revenue for the segment 9% higher on a full year basis. In 2023  ferrovanadium and tantalum concentrate sales increased 45% and 56%  respectively  versus the prior year.Gross profit for the quarter decreased 57% compared to the same period in the prior year  primarily due to the lower sales prices. The primary driver was the lithium price decline  which fell 76% since the fourth quarter of 2022. Full year gross profit increased 2% compared to 2022  due to the higher prices and volumes noted above.SG&A expenses of $67 million in 2023 were 47% higher than in 2022  mainly driven by the increase in headcount related to the lithium and vanadium expansion projects  as well as higher employee benefit costs  professional fees and research and development costs.The fourth quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA decreased 30%  to $56 million  from $80 million in the fourth quarter of 2022  due to the decline in metal prices as noted above. Full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA  however  was 15% higher than in 2022  driven by higher prices and higher volumes as well as the incremental dividend noted below.Enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022  AMG Vanadium qualifies for Section 45X which provides a production credit for domestic manufacturing of critical materials from 2023 onwards. Based on preliminary regulations as issued by the IRS  AMG expects to receive a subsidy of approximately $6 million for full year 2023. This subsidy is included in gross profit. The ruling is still in the comment period and  as such  is subject to a final determination.AMG received a $10 million dividend from an equity investment which is included in adjusted EBITDA.During the fourth quarter of 2023  a total of 29 706 dry metric tons (“dmt”) of lithium concentrates were sold  39% higher than the 21 329 dmt in the fourth quarter of 2022 due to shipping variances in 2023. The average realized sales price was $1 943/dmt CIF China for the quarter. The average cost per ton for the quarter was $498/dmt CIF China.During 2023  a total of 95 097 dry metric tons (“dmt”) of lithium concentrates were sold  an increase of 8 384 dmt versus 2022. The average realized sales price for 2023 was $3 160/dmt CIF China  an increase of $355/dmt over 2022. The average cost per ton for 2023 was $475/dmt CIF China.It is important to note that fourth quarter pricing benefited from the timing lag experienced related to the contractual pricing agreements with our lithium concentrate customers. The prices of lithium concentrate and lithium carbonate have declined 56% and 41%  respectively  since the end of the third quarter 2023.In 2024  we anticipate the cost per ton to rise due to unabsorbed costs during the ramp-up as well as lower relative tantalum sales volumes offsetting higher spodumene production. AMG is one of the lowest cost lithium concentrate mines in the world and we plan to maintain that position.AMG Critical MineralsQ4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Revenue $54 903 $69 242 (21%) $227 696 $364 502 (38%) Gross (loss) profit (6) 19 017 N/A 21 953 46 721 (53%) Operating (loss) profit (7 407) 10 961 N/A (6 872) 63 995 N/A Adjusted EBITDA 1 618 14 001 (88%) 6 947 38 280 (82%)AMG Critical Minerals’ revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023 decreased by 21%  to $55 million  mainly due to lower volumes largely driven by the silicon metal plant operating one furnace during the quarter  as discussed in detail below. The slowdown in the European industrial economy also continued to negatively impact the segment.Gross profit in the fourth quarter of 2023 was $19 million lower compared to the same period in 2022  largely due to lower volumes in silicon and antimony in the current quarter.SG&A expenses in 2023 of $29 million were 4% higher than in 2022 related to an increase in professional fees during the fourth quarter.The fourth quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA decreased 88% compared to the same period in 2022  to $2 million  largely driven by the silicon metal plant as well as the slowdown in the end-use markets for the segment in the current quarter. As a result  full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA decreased to $7 million from $38 million in the prior year.AMG Silicon operated one of four furnaces in the fourth quarter of 2023. We plan to run two of four furnaces for the remainder of 2024. The operational parameters of the silicon business will continue to be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Due to the noted interruptions in AMG Silicon’s operations  the financial impact of the business will be excluded from adjusted EBITDA during this period of abnormal operations. However  AMG Silicon generated $26 million in cash flow from operating activities during the quarter driven by the receipt of energy sales made in the fourth quarter of 2022.AMG Critical Materials TechnologiesQ4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Revenue $154 738 $144 697 7% $672 660 $610 468 10% Gross profit 20 146 19 381 4% 93 091 94 903 (2%) Operating (loss) profit (1 666) 1 579 N/A 11 315 20 474 (45%) Adjusted EBITDA 13 600 9 713 40% 46 354 44 790 3%AMG Critical Materials Technologies' fourth quarter 2023 revenue increased by $10 million  or 7%  compared to the same period in 2022. This improvement was driven by strong revenues in our engineering unit  as well as higher sales volumes of chrome metal and higher sales prices of titanium alloys  partially offset by lower chrome metal pricing. Revenue for the segment in 2023 increased 10% compared to prior year.SG&A expenses increased by 10% in 2023 compared to 2022  due to additional personnel at AMG Engineering and AMG LIVA corresponding to the increased order backlog and business development  respectively.AMG Critical Materials Technologies’ adjusted EBITDA was $14 million during the fourth quarter  40% higher than in the same period of 2022. The increase was primarily due to higher profitability in Engineering and Titanium  partially offset by lower chrome margins driven by continued sequential decline in chrome price in the fourth quarter of 2023.AMG Engineering signed $27 million in new orders during the fourth quarter of 2023. On a full year basis  AMG signed a record high of $350 million in new orders during 2023  24% higher than in 2022  representing a 1.27x book to bill ratio. The 2023 order intake was driven by strong orders of remelting and heat treatment furnaces. Order backlog was $295 million as of December 31  2023.Financial ReviewTaxAMG recorded an income tax expense of $95 million in 2023  compared to $84 million in 2022. This variance was due to negative movements in the Brazilian real in 2023 as compared to 2022 as well as non-cash deferred tax expenses related to the derecognition of certain tax assets. These tax assets were associated with interest expense carryforwards in our US business as well as loss carryforwards in our German business. These deferred tax expenses were partially offset by the lower profitability in the current quarter relative to the same period in the prior year.AMG paid taxes of $103 million in 2023  compared to tax payments of $42 million in 2022. The higher cash payments in 2023 were largely a result of the timing lag related to Brazil’s strong performance in late 2022 through the second quarter of 2023.Exceptional ItemsAMG’s fourth quarter and full year 2023 gross profit includes exceptional items  which are not included in the calculation of adjusted EBITDA.A summary of exceptional items included in gross profit in 2023 and 2022 are below:Exceptional items included in gross profitQ4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Gross profit $55 252 $119 981 (54%) $389 431 $409 486 (5%) Inventory cost adjustment 15 260 1 589 860% 26 731 1 589 1 582% Restructuring expense 6 115 389 1 472% 9 223 582 1 485% Asset impairment expense (reversal) 9 585 (990) N/A 8 818 10 597 (17%) Silicon’s partial closure (1 854) — N/A (4 502) — N/A Strategic project expense 107 1 201 (91%) 511 5 540 (91%) Gross profit excluding exceptional items 84 465 122 170 (31%) 430 212 427 794 1%AMG had $15 million non-cash expense during the fourth quarter of 2023 mainly driven by Lithium GmbH’s inventory cost adjustment of purchased lithium hydroxide which has been excluded in the calculation of adjusted EBITDA.In mid 2023  AMG initiated a restructuring program to improve efficiencies and reduce headcount. The largest restructuring expenses are in AMG Titanium with $4 million  and in AMG Graphite with a restructuring expense of $1 million in the fourth quarter of 2023.As a result of the restructuring program  certain non-core assets were also impacted. Asset impairments were recorded due to the retirement of these assets in the fourth quarter of 2023 at AMG Titanium and AMG Graphite of $3 million and $7 million  respectively.SG&AAMG’s fourth quarter 2023 SG&A expenses were $46 million compared to $37 million in the fourth quarter of 2022  with the increase largely due to higher personnel costs driven by increased hiring in our Lithium  Engineering  and LIVA businesses.Full year 2023 SG&A expenses were $178 million  20% higher than in 2022  due to increased professional fees associated with strategic projects during 2023 as well as higher personnel costs attributable to increased hiring in our Lithium  Engineering  and LIVA businesses.LiquidityDecember 31  2023 December 31  2022 Change Senior secured debt $337 402 $348 622 (3%) Cash & cash equivalents 345 308 346 043 —% Senior secured net (cash) debt (7 906) 2 579 N/A Other debt 13 107 14 959 (12%) Net debt excluding municipal bond 5 201 17 538 (70%) Municipal bond debt 319 002 319 244 —% Restricted cash 1 451 6 920 (79%) Net debt 322 752 329 862 (2%)AMG continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate sources of liquidity during the fourth quarter. As of December 31  2023  the Company had $345 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and $195 million available on its revolving credit facility. As such  AMG had $540 million of total liquidity as of December 31  2023.Net Finance CostsAMG’s fourth quarter 2023 net finance income was $2 million compared to $4 million of income in the fourth quarter of 2022. This decrease was mainly driven by lower capitalization of interest expense now that the Zanesville plant is fully operational.Final Dividend ProposalAMG intends to declare a dividend of €0.60 per ordinary share over the financial year 2023. The interim dividend of €0.40  paid on August 9  2023  will be deducted from the amount to be distributed to shareholders. The proposed final dividend per ordinary share therefore amounts to €0.20.A proposal to resolve upon the final dividend distribution will be included on the agenda for the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 8  2024.OutlookOur ongoing cost reduction and efficiency programs will reduce our headcount by approximately 200 which will essentially be offset by the ramp-up of our expansions in Germany and Brazil  as well as the growth in our LIVA and Engineering businesses.Capital expenditures for 2024 are expected to be approximately $125 million  mainly driven by the lithium concentrate expansion in Brazil and expenditures related to the construction of the lithium hydroxide plant in Germany.AMG has no expected financing needs in 2024. AMG refinanced its $350 million term loan and $200 million revolver in November 2021  extending revolver and term loan maturities to 2026 and 2028  respectively. AMG has no significant near-term debt maturities. And although we look to consistently optimize our financial structure  our current liquidity of $540 million can fully fund all of the approved capital expansion projects and all other financial obligations.AMG’s two main lithium expansion projects are heading towards completion: our lithium concentrate expansion project from 90 000 tons to 130 000 tons in Brazil and module 1 of our lithium hydroxide refinery in Germany. We are reviewing our resource development projects and all other expansion activities in light of the present market conditions.Regarding 2024 outlook  from the lithium concentrate and lithium carbonate market price highs in November 2022 of $6 110 per ton and $84 062 per ton  respectively  prices have each declined by 84%.On November 8  2023  we indicated an adjusted EBITDA for 2024 of approximately $200 million excluding any profitability from our Bitterfeld lithium hydroxide refinery and utilizing contemporary pricing. Since then  market prices for spodumene and lithium carbonate have declined 50% and 39%  respectively. Utilizing today’s price levels  lithium profitability will be $60 million lower and vanadium profitability will be $10 million lower  therefore AMG’s 2024 adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $130 million.Our analysis of the long-term supply and demand trends in lithium gives us confidence that the present low prices are unsustainable.Segmental RealignmentThe Company has changed its organizational structure effective January 1  2024  and will therefore report financials for the new segments starting in the first quarter of 2024. This change results in three reporting segments: AMG Lithium  AMG Vanadium  and AMG Technologies. Each of these segments have very specific trends and business models  and require very different management skill sets.AMG’s 2023 pro forma segmental information for AMG Lithium  AMG Vanadium  and AMG Technologies is shown below:AMG LithiumQ1 ‘23 Q2 ‘23 Q3 ‘23 Q4 ‘23 FY ‘23 Revenue $130 668 $133 473 $62 346 $82 085 $408 572 Gross profit 92 013 90 006 26 769 20 569 229 357 Operating profit 83 589 79 904 16 390 7 900 187 783 Adjusted EBITDA 89 799 86 345 29 638 30 758 236 540AMG VanadiumQ1 ‘23 Q2 ‘23 Q3 ‘23 Q4 ‘23 FY ‘23 Revenue $194 280 $180 870 $174 436 $161 652 $711 238 Gross profit 26 424 17 227 17 182 16 237 77 070 Operating profit (loss) 13 103 (3 217) 3 539 13 524 26 949 Adjusted EBITDA 20 331 15 693 15 067 29 520 80 611AMG TechnologiesQ1 ‘23 Q2 ‘23 Q3 ‘23 Q4 ‘23 FY ‘23 Revenue $125 642 $124 976 $131 935 $123 498 $506 051 Gross profit 21 405 20 301 22 852 18 446 83 004 Operating profit (loss) 3 331 1 480 4 130 (1 921) 7 020 Adjusted EBITDA 7 981 5 415 9 080 10 864 33 340Profit for the period to adjusted EBITDA reconciliationQ4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Profit for the period $1 266 $62 669 $102 288 $190 771 Income tax expense 19 958 23 827 95 002 84 097 Net finance (income) cost (2 455) (4 177) 20 739 30 941 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 1 443 1 414 5 799 5 552 Restructuring expense 6 115 389 9 223 582 Pension adjustment (1 410) — 5 290 — Net contract settlements — 971 — (45 436) Silicon’s partial closure (966) — (1 520) — Inventory cost adjustment 15 260 1 589 26 731 1 589 Asset impairment expense (reversal) 9 585 (990) 8 818 10 597 Strategic project expense (1) 6 777 5 885 19 179 17 070 Share of loss of associates 734 — 3 723 1 250 Others 399 142 583 238 EBIT 56 706 91 719 295 855 297 251 Depreciation and amortization 14 436 12 342 54 636 45 299 Adjusted EBITDA 71 142 104 061 350 491 342 550Notes:(1) The Company is in the initial development and ramp-up phases for several strategic expansion projects  including the joint venture with Shell  the LIVA Battery System  and the lithium expansion in Germany  which incurred project expenses during the quarter but are not yet operational. AMG is adjusting EBITDA for these exceptional charges.AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Income Statement For the quarter ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2023 2022 Unaudited Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 367 235 390 004 Cost of sales (311 983) (270 023) Gross profit 55 252 119 981 Selling  general and administrative expenses (45 582) (36 579) Other expenses (313) (1 083) Other income 10 146 — Net other operating income (expense) 9 833 (1 083) Operating profit 19 503 82 319 Finance income 15 222 5 459 Finance cost (12 767) (1 282) Net finance income 2 455 4 177 Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (734) — Profit before income tax 21 224 86 496 Income tax expense (19 958) (23 827) Profit for the period 1 266 62 669 Profit attributable to: Shareholders of the Company 2 173 60 697 Non-controlling interests (907) 1 972 Profit for the period 1 266 62 669 Basic earnings per share Basic earnings per share 0.07 1.90 Diluted earnings per share 0.07 1.85AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Income Statement For the year ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2023 2022 Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 1 625 861 1 642 774 Cost of sales (1 236 430) (1 233 288) Gross profit 389 431 409 486 Selling  general and administrative expenses (178 162) (147 963) Other expenses (313) (14 544) Other income 10 796 60 080 Net other operating income 10 483 45 536 Operating profit 221 752 307 059 Finance income 28 989 9 061 Finance cost (49 728) (40 002) Net finance cost (20 739) (30 941) Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (3 723) (1 250) Profit before income tax 197 290 274 868 Income tax expense (95 002) (84 097) Profit for the period 102 288 190 771 Profit attributable to: Shareholders of the Company 101 320 187 589 Non-controlling interests 968 3 182 Profit for the period 102 288 190 771 Earnings per share Basic earnings per share 3.15 5.87 Diluted earnings per share 3.12 5.73AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Statement of Financial Position In thousands of US dollars December 31  2023 Unaudited December 31  2022 Assets Property  plant and equipment 921 178 797 611 Goodwill and other intangible assets 40 313 41 404 Derivative financial instruments 22 847 33 042 Equity-accounted investees 18 266 — Other investments 38 160 29 324 Deferred tax assets 26 882 37 181 Restricted cash 387 5 875 Other assets 12 060 8 612 Total non-current assets 1 080 093 953 049 Inventories 260 945 277 311 Derivative financial instruments 3 397 3 516 Trade and other receivables 164 027 162 548 Other assets 100 128 121 834 Current tax assets 7 845 7 289 Restricted cash 1 064 1 045 Cash and cash equivalents 345 308 346 043 Total current assets 882 714 919 586 Total assets 1 962 807 1 872 635AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued) In thousands of US dollars December 31  2023 Unaudited December 31  2022 Equity Issued capital 853 853 Share premium 553 715 553 715 Treasury shares (10 593) (14 685) Other reserves (52 269) (44 869) Retained earnings (deficit) 70 077 (4 461) Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company 561 783 490 553 Non-controlling interests 44 220 27 296 Total equity 606 003 517 849 Liabilities Loans and borrowings 656 265 661 270 Lease liabilities 46 629 44 224 Employee benefits 133 333 117 160 Provisions 17 951 12 361 Deferred revenue 17 836 20 000 Other liabilities 4 784 15 009 Derivative financial instruments 27 284 Deferred tax liabilities 6 664 27 269 Total non-current liabilities 883 489 897 577 Loans and borrowings 5 566 15 164 Lease liabilities 5 725 4 710 Short-term bank debt 7 678 6 391 Deferred revenue 14 083 28 277 Other liabilities 77 052 69 917 Trade and other payables 259 339 240 101 Derivative financial instruments 2 828 7 746 Advance payments from customers 60 561 51 054 Current tax liability 24 279 23 548 Provisions 16 204 10 301 Total current liabilities 473 315 457 209 Total liabilities 1 356 804 1 354 786 Total equity and liabilities 1 962 807 1 872 635AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows For the year ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2023 2022 Unaudited Cash from operating activities Profit for the period 102 288 190 771 Adjustments to reconcile net profit to net cash flows: Non-cash: Income tax expense 95 002 84 097 Depreciation and amortization 54 636 45 299 Asset impairment expense 8 818 10 597 Net finance cost 20 739 30 941 Share of loss of associates and joint ventures 3 723 1 250 Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of property  plant and equipment 145 (592) Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 5 799 5 552 Movement in provisions  pensions  and government grants (2 137) (11 982) Working capital and deferred revenue adjustments 58 187 (123 281) Cash generated from operating activities 347 200 232 652 Finance costs paid  net (21 028) (23 289) Income tax paid (103 172) (41 796) Net cash from operating activities 223 000 167 567 Cash used in investing activities Proceeds from sale of property  plant and equipment 39 2 538 Acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangibles (153 377) (174 516) Investments in associates and joint ventures (21 989) (1 250) Use of restricted cash 5 469 86 514 Interest received on restricted cash 30 250 Capitalized borrowing cost paid (15 519) (16 652) Other 3 12 Net cash used in investing activities (185 344) (103 104)AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued) For the year ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2023 2022 Unaudited Cash used in financing activities Proceeds from issuance of debt 1 395 82 Repayment of borrowings (15 995) (33 863) Net repurchase of common shares (6 960) (1 523) Dividends paid (28 212) (19 885) Payment of lease liabilities (5 764) (5 101) Advanced contributions — 11 000 Contributions by non-controlling interests 14 000 — Net cash used in financing activities (41 536) (49 290) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (3 880) 15 173 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 346 043 337 877 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held 3 145 (7 007) Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 345 308 346 043This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release contains regulated information as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG’s Lithium segment spans the lithium value chain  reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG’s Vanadium segment is the world’s market leader in recycling vanadium from oil refining residues  spanning the Company’s vanadium  titanium  and chrome businesses. AMG’s Technologies segment is the established world market leader in advanced metallurgy and provides equipment engineering to the aerospace engine sector globally. It serves as the engineering home for the Company’s fast-growing LIVA batteries  and spans AMG’s mineral processing operations in graphite  antimony  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking.” Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.31,0.42,True,English,"['AMG Reports', 'Record-Setting Earnings', 'Full Year', 'stringent third-party developed life cycle assessments', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'two main debt instruments', 'highest full year order intake', 'critical materials science-based solutions', 'low-cost fixed-rate debt facilities', 'average interest rate charge', 'full expanded capacity rate', 'enable” energy saving strategies', '$323 million net debt position', 'industrial power management applications', 'million free cash flow', 'innovative lithium vanadium battery', 'Enabling CO 2 Reduction Portfolio', 'record order intake', 'Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch', 'heat treatment furnaces', 'high growth environment', 'average financial returns', 'first 20,000-ton module', 'product qualification process', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'average quarterly prices', 'revolving credit facility', 'strong balance sheet', 'lithium concentrate plant', 'lithium hydroxide refinery', 'atmospheric CO 2 reduction', 'US dollars Q4', 'highest adjusted EBITDA', 'target production volumes', 'lithium price decline', 'renewable energy production', 'Cambridge, Ohio operation', 'Fourth quarter 2023 revenue', 'low-cost position', 'Management Board', 'average pricing', 'order backlog', 'global decline', 'metal prices', 'industrial contribution', 'roasting operation', 'production credit', 'strong profitability', 'strong orders', '110.3 million tons', '99.4 million tons', 'lithium carbonate', '22 Change Revenue', 'third quarter', 'Regulated Information', 'vanadium businesses', 'operating activities', 'Capital Employed', 'Market conditions', 'large part', 'capital projects', 'adequate sources', 'new orders', '1.27x book', 'bill ratio', 'customer level', 'proprietary technologies', 'ECO 2 RP', 'advanced phases', 'The Zanesville', 'melt shop', 'historical averages', 'domestic manufacturing', 'preliminary regulations', 'final determination', 'LIVA”) projects', 'unrestricted cash', 'cash equivalents', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'total liquidity', 'comment period', 'AMG Engineering', 'AMG Vanadium', '22 Change FY', '16 year history', '23 FY', '90,000 tons', '130,000 tons', '93,000 tons', 'record-setting', '6% decrease', '33% Return', 'Note', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'products', '32% decrease', 'ferrovanadium', '25% stake', 'Zinnwald', 'December', 'Company', 'remelting', 'mission', 'way', 'customers', 'efficiency', 'belief', 'forefront', 'Brazil', 'March', 'expansion', 'Bitterfeld', 'Germany', 'Section', 'subsidy', 'ruling', '2022']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,globenewswire.com
36496,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VENTE-UNIQUE-COM-42547900/news/Vente-unique-com-Proposed-distribution-of-a-dividend-of-EUR-0-42-per-share-45999860/,Vente-unique.com : Proposed distribution of a dividend of EUR 0.42 per share -February 21  2024 at 12:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Press release Paris  21st February 2024. Vente-unique.com  a European specialist in online furniture and home décor sales  today announces its intention to distribute a dividend of €0.42 per share.This proposal will be submitted to …,"Press releaseParis  21st February 2024. Vente-unique.com  a European specialist in online furniture and home décor sales  today announces its intention to distribute a dividend of €0.42 per share.This proposal will be submitted to shareholders at a General Meeting to be held on 28 March 2024 at 2pm at the Company's head office.The notice of meeting was published in the “Bulletin des annonces légales obligatoires (BALO)” of 21st February 2024.In accordance with the law  all documents to be submitted to this General Meeting are available to shareholders within the legal deadlines at the registered office of Vente-unique.com and on the Company's website https://bourse.vente-unique.com or may be sent on request to Uptevia.Next publication: H1 2023-2024 revenues  Tuesday  14 May 2024Read more on bourse.vente-unique.comÀ propos de Vente-unique.comCreated in 2006  Vente-unique.com (Euronext Growth - ALVU)  a subsidiary of the CAFOM Group (Euronext - CAFO)  is an expert in online revenues of furniture and home furnishings in Europe. The company covers 11 countries (France  Germany  Austria  Belgium  Spain  Italy  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Poland  Portugal and Switzerland) and has supplied over 2.5 million customers since its launch. In 2023  Vente-unique.com generated revenues of €202 million  up 18%.ACTUS finance & communication Pierre Jacquemin-Guillaume Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt Investor relations Press relations vente-unique@actus.fr acdudicourt@actus.fr 01 53 67 36 79 01 53 67 36 32This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nW+ckcVvaWqXyZ2ck8plamOUZ5pix5TKm5SXmpRumMyaaZthmmxobZjGZnFll25v- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of the preparatory documents for the GM Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84299-vu_cp_dividende-2024_en_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['distribution', 'dividend', 'EUR', 'share', 'February', '12:05', 'Pierre Jacquemin-Guillaume Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt Investor relations Press relations', 'annonces légales obligatoires', 'home décor sales', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'H1 2023-2024 revenues', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'home furnishings', 'News releases', '21st February', 'European specialist', 'head office', 'legal deadlines', 'registered office', 'Next publication', 'CAFOM Group', 'online revenues', '2.5 million customers', 'Regulated information', 'GM Full', 'General Meeting', 'online furniture', 'Euronext Growth', 'ACTUS finance', 'preparatory documents', 'Vente-unique.com', 'Paris', 'intention', 'dividend', 'share', 'proposal', '28 March', '2pm', 'Company', 'notice', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', 'accordance', 'law', 'website', 'bourse', 'request', 'Uptevia', 'Tuesday', '14 May', 'ALVU', 'subsidiary', 'expert', '11 countries', 'France', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Switzerland', 'launch', 'communication', 'acdudicourt', 'ckcVvaWqXyZ2ck8plamOUZ5pix5TKm5SXmpRumMyaaZthmmxobZjGZnFll25v', 'provision', 'Terms', 'availability', 'PDF', 'email']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36497,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BELLINI-NAUTICA-S-P-A-139456616/news/Bellini-Nautica-appointments-of-Advisor-and-Specialist-to-Integrae-SIM-46000352/,Bellini Nautica  appointments of Advisor and Specialist to Integrae SIM.,(marketscreener.com) Bellini Nautica Spa announced on Tuesday the consensual termination of its Euronext Growth Advisor and Specialist appointments with MIT SIM Spa  which will remain in office until Feb. 23  and the conferment of those appointments to Integr…,(Alliance News) - Bellini Nautica Spa announced on Tuesday the consensual termination of its Euronext Growth Advisor and Specialist appointments with MIT SIM Spa  which will remain in office until Feb. 23  and the conferment of those appointments to Integrae SIM Spa  which will take over as of Feb. 24.Bellini Nautica's stock closed 3.1 percent in the red on Wednesday at EUR1.55 per share.By Chiara Bruschi  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.88,0.05,True,English,"['Bellini Nautica', 'appointments', 'Advisor', 'Specialist', 'SIM', 'Copyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News reporter', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'MIT SIM Spa', 'Bellini Nautica Spa', 'consensual termination', 'Chiara Bruschi', 'Specialist appointments', 'Tuesday', 'office', 'Feb.', 'conferment', 'Integrae', 'stock', 'red', 'Wednesday', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'alliancenews', 'rights']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36498,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AEDIFICA-SA-35328/news/Aedifica-NV-SA-2023-annual-results-45993699/,Aedifica NV/SA: 2023 annual results -February 21  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Please find below a press release from Aedifica   regarding its 2023 annual results. Robust operational performance driving strong results ahead of budget EPRA Earnings* amounted to €219.6 million or €5.02/shareRental income increased to …,February 21  2024 at 01:31 am ESTPlease find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2023 annual results.Robust operational performance driving strong results ahead of budgetEPRA Earnings* amounted to €219.6 million (+21% compared to 31 Dec. 2022) or €5.02/shareRental income increased to €314.2 million (+15% compared to 31 Dec. 2022)5.2% increase in rental income on a like-for-like basis over the yearWeighted average unexpired lease term of 19 years and occupancy rate of 100%Real estate portfolio* of more than €5.8 billion as at 31 December 2023617 healthcare properties for approx. 46 900 end users across 8 countriesInvestment programme of €413 million in pre-let development projects and acquisitions in progress  of which €245 million remains to be invested. In 2023  36 projects were delivered for a total investment budget of approx. €309 millionSolid balance sheet and strong liquidity39.7% debt-to-assets ratio as at 31 December 2023Strengthening equity: €406 million raised on capital markets through two capital increases (rights issue & optional dividend)New long-term bank financing contracted for €645 million (of which €540 million is refinancing and €105 million is new financing)€911 million of headroom on committed credit lines to finance CAPEX and liquidity needsBBB investment-grade credit rating with a stable outlook reaffirmed by S&POutlookProposed dividend of €3.80/share (gross) is confirmed (distribution in May 2024)EPRA Earnings* for 2024 are estimated at €223 million  or €4.70/shareUK REIT regime will increase the contribution of UK operating cashflows to the Group’s resultsAn increasing dividend of €3.90/share (gross) proposed for the 2024 financial yearAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.86,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', '2023 annual results', 'February', '01', 'public regulated real estate company', 'average unexpired lease term', 'BBB investment-grade credit rating', 'New long-term bank financing', 'Real estate portfolio', 'committed credit lines', 'Robust operational performance', 'Solid balance sheet', 'UK REIT regime', 'UK operating cashflows', 'two capital increases', 'S&P Outlook', '2024 financial year Attachments', 'total investment budget', 'new financing', 'Investment programme', 'capital markets', 'stable outlook', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'EPRA Earnings', 'Rental income', 'occupancy rate', '617 healthcare properties', '46,900 end users', 'strong liquidity', 'assets ratio', 'Strengthening equity', 'rights issue', 'liquidity needs', '2023 annual results', 'strong results', 'optional dividend', 'increasing dividend', 'development projects', '36 projects', 'February', 'Aedifica', '31 Dec.', '5.2% increase', 'basis', '19 years', '31 December', 'approx', '8 countries', 'acquisitions', 'progress', '39.7% debt', 'headroom', 'CAPEX', 'gross', 'distribution', 'May', 'contribution', 'Group', '01']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36499,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-SA-2CRSi-announces-the-signing-of-a-memorandum-of-understanding-MOU-worth-more-than-12-mill-46000096/,2CRSi SA: 2CRSi announces the signing of a memorandum of understanding (MOU) worth more than 12 million USD over 5 years with ICT Security Agency in East Africa -February 21  2024 at 12:38 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: 2CRSi announces the signing of a memorandum of understanding worth more than 12 million USD over 5 years with ICT Security Agency in East Africa 21-Feb-2024 / 18:36 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulator…,2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: 2CRSi announces the signing of a memorandum of understanding (MOU) worth more than 12 million USD over 5 years with ICT Security Agency in East Africa21-Feb-2024 / 18:36 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press Release2CRSi announces the signing of a memorandum of understanding (MOU) worth more than 12 million USD over 5 years with ICT Security Agency in East AfricaStrasbourg (France)  the 21 st February 2024 - 2CRSi (ISIN : FR0013341781)  leader in the design and manufacturing of high-performance energy-efficient computer servers  announces the signing of a memorandum of understanding worth more than 12 million USD over 5 years with an East African country.The MOU concerns the deployment of a sovereign data center to provide researchers  administrations and public sector companies with hosting  computing and storage capacities enabling the development of National IT solutions.2CRSi will provide a complete infrastructure (CPU  GPU and data storage) integrating more than 600 servers and network equipment.The memorandum of understanding also provides for 2CRSi to train local teams in the deployment and management of Cloud solutions. A training program for server manufacturing will also be carried out in the Strasbourg factory  then on site. Through this protocol  2CRSi delivers not only a set of hardware  but also skills in the latest Cloud technologies.This new signature confirms the business acceleration observed in recent months by 2CRSi Group  and not only in the United States  but in all regions of the world.About 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg  the 2CRSi Group designs  produces and markets customized  eco-responsible high-performance computer servers. In fiscal year 2022-2023  the Group generated sales of 184 million euros. The Group now markets its innovative solutions (computing  storage and networking) in over 50 countries. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN Code: FR0013341781)  and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth in November 2022.For more information: 2crsi.comContacts 2CRSi,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['ICT Security Agency', 'East Africa', '2CRSi SA', 'signing', 'memorandum', 'understanding', 'MOU', '5 years', 'February', '12:38', 'high-performance energy-efficient computer servers', 'eco-responsible high-performance computer servers', 'ICT Security Agency', 'French Regulatory News', 'public sector companies', 'sovereign data center', 'latest Cloud technologies', 'East African country', 'National IT solutions', 'Cloud solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'data storage', 'Press Release', 'complete infrastructure', 'network equipment', 'local teams', 'training program', 'new signature', 'business acceleration', 'recent months', 'United States', 'fiscal year', '184 million euros', 'EQS Group', 'The Group', 'storage capacities', 'server manufacturing', 'ISIN Code', 'Euronext Growth', 'The MOU', 'Strasbourg factory', '2CRSi SA', '2CRSi Group', '600 servers', 'signing', 'memorandum', 'understanding', '5 years', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'France', '21 st', 'leader', 'design', 'deployment', 'researchers', 'administrations', 'hosting', 'computing', 'development', 'CPU', 'GPU', 'management', 'site', 'protocol', 'set', 'hardware', 'skills', 'regions', 'world', 'markets', 'customized', 'sales', 'networking', '50 countries', 'June', 'Paris', 'shares', 'November', 'information', 'Contacts']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36500,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BANCA-IFIS-S-P-A-94199/news/Banca-Ifis-places-EUR400-million-bond-45993873/,Banca Ifis places EUR400 million bond,(marketscreener.com) Banca Ifis announced on Tuesday evening that it had completed the placement of a senior preferred unsecured bond issue under its EMTN issue program in the amount of EUR400 million. The transaction was intended for institutional investors.…,(Alliance News) - Banca Ifis announced on Tuesday evening that it had completed the placement of a senior preferred unsecured bond issue under its EMTN issue program in the amount of EUR400 million. The transaction was intended for institutional investors.Specifically  the issue has a five-year term  with an expected settlement date of February 27  2024. The reoffer price is 99.362 for a yield to maturity of 5.65 percent and a coupon payable annually of 5.50 percent.The bond will be listed on Euronext Milan and has an expected rating of BB+ by Fitch and Baa3 by Moody's.The placement of this bond is part of the EMTN funding program under the bank's Business Plan for the three-year period 2022-24  which estimates EUR2.5 billion in new placements.Banca Ifis closed Tuesday's session in the red by 0.5 percent at EUR16.45 per share.By Maurizio Carta  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.08,0.38,0.54,True,English,"['EUR400 million bond', 'Banca Ifis', '2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'senior preferred unsecured bond issue', 'Alliance News reporter', 'EMTN issue program', 'EMTN funding program', 'Banca Ifis', 'Tuesday evening', 'institutional investors', 'five-year term', 'settlement date', 'reoffer price', 'Euronext Milan', 'expected rating', 'Business Plan', 'three-year period', 'new placements', 'Maurizio Carta', 'amount', 'transaction', 'February', 'yield', 'maturity', '5.65 percent', 'coupon', '5.50 percent', 'BB+', 'Fitch', 'Baa3', 'Moody', 'part', 'bank', 'session', '0.5 percent', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'alliancenews', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36501,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/21/2832489/0/en/No-4-2024-Notice-of-general-meeting.html,No. 4 2024 Notice of general meeting,The Annual General Meeting of Solar A/S will be held on Friday  15 March 2024  at 11.00 am  at the address Industrivej Vest 43  6600 Vejen  Denmark.      ...,The Annual General Meeting of Solar A/S will be held on Friday  15 March 2024  at 11.00 am  at the address Industrivej Vest 43  6600 Vejen  Denmark.The general meeting will be broadcast by video webcast at www.solar.eu to shareholders on record in the company’s register of shareholders.The agenda of the general meeting is as follows:1. The Board of Directors’ report on the company’s activities during the past financial year.2. Presentation and approval of the annual report with audited financial statements.The Board of Directors proposes that the 2023 annual report be approved.3. Resolution on the allocation of profits in accordance with the approved annual report.The Board of Directors also proposes that DKK 219m be distributed as dividend for the 2023 financial year  corresponding to DKK 30.00 for each share of DKK 100.4. Indicative vote on the remuneration report.Indicative vote on the remuneration report prepared by the Board of Directors concerning remuneration of members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board in 2023.5. Approval of remuneration to members of the Board of Directors in the current financial year.The Board of Directors proposes that the fixed fee for the Board of Directors in 2024 remains at DKK 200 000.The chair of the Board of Directors will receive triple remuneration  while the vice chair of the Board of Directors and the chair of the Audit Committee will receive 1½ times the remuneration covering their extended duties.In accordance with the framework set out in the remuneration policy  it is also proposed that that members of the Board of Directors in addition to the fixed fee receive DKK 15 000 for each physical board meeting or committee meeting that they attend  and DKK 7 500 for each virtual board meeting or committee meeting that they attend.6. Election of members to the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee proposes that the present six members of the Board of Directors be re-elected: Michael Troensegaard Andersen  Jesper Dalsgaard  Louise Knauer  Peter Bang  Morten Chrone and Katrine Borum.Please see the attached Appendix 2 prepared by the Nomination Committee for details of the proposed candidates.7. Election of auditor.In line with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that Deloitte  Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab  CVR 33 96 35 56  be re-elected as company auditor. Furthermore  it is proposed that Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab be elected as new sustainability auditor. The Audit Committee has not been influenced by third parties and is not subject to any agreements with third parties limiting the general meeting’s election of certain auditors or audit firms.8. The Board of Directors’ proposals:8.1 Authorisation to distribute extraordinary dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that the company’s Board of Directors be authorised in the period up until the next Annual General Meeting to resolve to distribute extraordinary dividend of up to DKK 50.00 per share.8.2 Authorisation to acquire own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the company’s Board of Directors be authorised in the period until the next Annual General Meeting to allow the company to acquire own shares for consideration. It is proposed that the authorisation be granted for the acquisition of up to 10% of the share capital  and in such a manner that the consideration does not deviate by more than 10% from the latest quoted market price for the company’s class B shares at the time of acquisition.8.3 Approval of revised remuneration policyThe Board of Directors proposes that the company’s remuneration policy be amended in accordance with the attached Appendix 3 in which the proposed amendments are highlighted.In comparison to the existing remuneration policy  amendments have been made only in item 3  and all amendments concern the framework for the granting of variable remuneration to the Executive Board.The following amendments are deemed to be significant:The types of share-based incentives that can be granted as variable remuneration have been narrowed down to only Class B shares (and no longer include share options  phantom shares or similar instruments).The framework for the maximum annual variable remuneration that may be granted (except the extraordinary incentives provided for in the remuneration policy  item 3.3.3) has been broadened  and the framework has been increased from 100% to 110% of the Executive Board member's fixed annual remuneration. If the grant covers several years  the value cannot exceed an amount corresponding to 110% of the Executive Board member’s latest fixed annual remuneration multiplied by the number of years of the grant period.The rest of the amendments include non-essential amendments  such as clarifications and further elaborations.9. Authorisation to the chair of the meetingThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the chair (with a right of substitution) to register with the Danish Business Authority the reportable resolutions adopted by the general meeting and to make such amendments to the documents prepared in connection with these resolutions as may be required by the Danish Business Authority in order to register these resolutions.10. Any other businessThe notice and appendices  details of the total number of shares and voting rights as at the date of this notice  including the total number of shares within each class of shares  the agenda  the complete proposals  the company’s 2023 Annual Report with consolidated accounts  the remuneration report  the registration of attendance form as well as the proxy form and postal voting form will be available as from 21 February 2024 at www.solar.eu.As regards the collection and processing of personal data  please see the information on data protection law issues provided in connection with the Annual General Meeting as well as the company's cookie policy  which are both available at www.solar.eu.Adoption requirementsThe proposals in the agenda can be adopted by a simple majority of votes.Attendance at general meetings and the right to voteA shareholder’s right to attend the general meeting and to vote at the general meeting is determined on the basis of the number of shares that the shareholder owns and hasregistered or reported for recording in the company’s register of shareholders by Friday  8 March 2024 (the date of registration). Attendance is also subject to the shareholders having registered in due time their attendance as described below.Registration of attendanceShareholders wishing to attend the general meeting must register their attendance by Monday  11 March 2024 at 11:59 pm.A shareholder or its proxy holder may attend the general meeting together with an advisor  provided that the advisor’s attendance is registered in due time.Registration of attendance can be made as follows:digitally at Solar’s InvestorPortal at www.solar.eu or at www.euronext.com/cph-agm;by completing  signing and returning a form that can be printed from www.solar.eu to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen  by mail  or to CPH-investor@euronext by email;by contacting Euronext Securities at tel.: +45 4358 8866  by email at CPH-investor@euronext.com  or by personal or written application to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen.Confirmation of registration will be sent by email to the email address provided by the shareholder on registration of attendance.If no email address is provided on registration of attendance  the admission card can be collected at the entrance to the general meeting on presentation of proof of identity. Voting papers will be handed out at the entrance to the general meeting on presentation of the admission card.Proxy/postal votesShareholders may vote by proxy or in writing by postal vote. Proxy forms or postal votes may be submitted electronically at Solar's InvestorPortal at www.solar.eu or at www.euronext.com/cph-agm (both require digital signature) or in writing by using the physical proxy form or postal voting form that can be downloaded from the website www.solar.eu and printed. If a proxy form or the postal voting form is used  the completed and signed form should be forwarded by letter to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen  Denmark. In the alternative  the completed and signed form can be scanned and sent by email to CPH-investor@euronext.com.The completed proxy form must reach Euronext Securities by Monday  11 March 2024  at 11:59 pm  and postal votes must reach Euronext Securities by Wednesday  13 March 2024  at 4:00 pm.It is possible either to issue a proxy or to vote by postal voting  but not both.Share capital  voting rights and account-holding bankThe share capital is DKK 736 000 000  nominal value  divided into shares of DKK 100.00 each and multiples hereof. The share capital is divided into DKK 90 000 000 A shares and DKK 646 000 000 B shares. Each A share of DKK 100.00 carries ten votes  and each B share of DKK 100.00 carries one vote.The shareholders may exercise their financial rights through their own depository bank.Questions from the shareholdersShareholders may pose questions to the agenda or documents etc. to be used for the general meeting by written letter to Solar A/S  Industrivej Vest 43  6600 Vejen  Denmark  or by email to investor@solar.dk. Shareholders may also ask questions to the company’s management during the general meeting.Video webcastAs a service to shareholders on record who are unable to attend the general meeting in person  the entire general meeting will be webcast on the InvestorPortal at the company’s website www.solar.eu. Also  the webcast will subsequently be available on the company’s website. Moreover  shareholders on record will during the general meeting have the opportunity via the InvestorPortal to submit written question to Solar’s Director  Investor Relations  who will then put these questions to the general meeting. Such questions may be shortened  edited and potentially aggregated before they are put to the general meeting by Solar’s Director  Investor Relations. In order to log on to the InvestorPortal  your shares must be registered in the register of shareholders  and you must have a digital signature. If a Danish civil registration number (“CPR”) is used  the digital signature used for Netbank via Danish banks (“MitID”) can normally be used. If you do not have access to MitID  you can register a personal VP-ID. Guidelines for registering a VP-ID are available at www.solar.eu.ContactsChair of the Board Michael Troensegaard Andersen - tel. +45 79 30 00 00IR Director Dennis Callesen - tel. +45 29 92 18 11Appendix 1: Remuneration report 2023Appendix 2: Proposal from the Nomination CommitteeAppendix 3: Proposal for a revised remuneration policyFacts about SolarSolar is a leading European sourcing and services company providing solutions mainly within electrical  heating & plumbing and climate & energy solutions. Our core business centres on product sourcing  value-adding services and optimisation of our customers’ businesses.We promote efficiency improvements and offer digital tools that make our customers winners. We drive the green transition and deliver the best solutions  ensuring sustainable resource usage.The Solar Group is headquartered in Denmark  generated revenue of approx. DKK 13.0bn in 2023 and has approx. 3 000 employees. Solar is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the symbol SOLAR B. Additional information is available at: www.solar.eu.DisclaimerThis announcement has been published in Danish and English via Nasdaq Copenhagen today. In the event of any inconsistency between the two versions  the Danish version prevails.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['general meeting', 'No.', '2024 Notice', 'latest quoted market price', 'latest fixed annual remuneration', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'maximum annual variable remuneration', 'Michael Troensegaard Andersen', 'Danish Business Authority', 'past financial year', 'current financial year', 'new sustainability auditor', 'class B shares', 'revised remuneration policy', 'existing remuneration policy', 'present six members', 'physical board meeting', 'virtual board meeting', 'Executive Board member', 'Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab', 'The Nomination Committee', 'The Audit Committee', '2023 financial year', 'annual report', 'committee meeting', 'financial statements', 'audit firms', 'remuneration report', 'triple remuneration', 'Industrivej Vest', 'video webcast', 'Indicative vote', 'extended duties', 'Jesper Dalsgaard', 'Louise Knauer', 'Peter Bang', 'Morten Chrone', 'Katrine Borum', 'third parties', 'share-based incentives', 'phantom shares', 'similar instruments', 'extraordinary incentives', 'reportable reso', 'The Board', 'extraordinary dividend', 'Solar A/S', 'share capital', 'share options', 'several years', 'following amendments', 'non-essential amendments', 'vice chair', 'DKK 219m', 'company auditor', 'Directors’ report', 'Directors’ proposals', 'grant period', 'Friday', 'March', 'address', '6600 Vejen', 'Denmark', 'eu', 'shareholders', 'record', 'register', 'agenda', 'activities', 'Presentation', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'allocation', 'profits', 'accordance', 'fee', 'framework', 'addition', 'Election', 'attached', 'Appendix', 'details', 'proposed', 'candidates', 'line', 'recommendation', 'CVR', 'agreements', 'auditors', 'Authorisation', 'consideration', 'acquisition', 'manner', 'time', 'comparison', 'item', 'granting', 'types', 'value', 'amount', 'number', 'rest', 'clarifications', 'elaborations', 'right', 'substitution', '11.00', '1½']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,globenewswire.com
36502,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENERGY-S-P-A-141793545/news/-Energy-S-p-A-is-attending-two-renewable-sector-trade-exhibitions-KEY-Energy-in-Rimini-and-MCE-E-45994953/,Energy S.p.A. is attending two renewable sector trade exhibitions: KEY Energy in Rimini and MCE Expocomfort in Milan -February 21  2024 at 03:29 am EST,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: Energy S.p.A. / Key word: Conference/Miscellaneous Energy S.p.A. is attending two renewable sector trade exhibitions: KEY Energy in Rimini and MCE Expocomfort in Milan 21.02.2024 / 09:27 CET/CEST…,"EQS-News: Energy S.p.A. / Key word(s): Conference/MiscellaneousEnergy S.p.A. is attending two renewable sector trade exhibitions: KEY Energy in Rimini and MCE Expocomfort in Milan21.02.2024 / 09:27 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Energy S.p.A. is attending two renewable sector trade exhibitions:KEY Energy in Rimini and MCE Expocomfort in MilanThe two events will be held respectively from February 28 to March 1 at the Rimini Fair and from March 12 to 15 at Milano Fiera in Rho.On display the complete range of residential  commercial & industrial and agrivoltaic storage solutions by Energy SpA.Sant'Angelo di Piove di Sacco (Padua)  February 21  2024 – Energy S.p.A.  an integrated energy storage systems producer and listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  (ISIN Code IT0005500712  Ticker ENY)  in February and March will attend two trade exhibitions. These events are pivotal in Italy and abroad for the entire renewable energy sector and provide significant training and information opportunities regarding energy and the acceleration of the energy transition process.Energy S.p.A. is attending:“ KEY The Energy Transition Expo ” from February 28 to March 1 in Rimini. This will be an opportunity to showcase the complete zeroCO2 range  spanning from residential (small size) to XL size  specifically designed for commercial and industrial (C&I ) and agrivoltaic sectors.from February 28 to March 1 in Rimini. This will be an opportunity to showcase the complete zeroCO2 range  spanning from residential (small size) to XL size  specifically designed for ) and sectors. “ MCE – Mostra Convegno Expocomfort ” to be held from March 12 to 15 at Milano Fiera in Rho (Milan). Here  Energy S.p.A. will present the XL range (XL Shell and XL 100)  all-in-one solutions designed for both outdoor and indoor applications  tailored for businesses and agricultural companies  and compatible with the incentives of the “Parco Agrisolare” tender.***Energy S.p.A.  founded in 2013 by Davide Tinazzi  Andrea Taffurelli  and Massimiliano Ghirlanda  and listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market of Borsa Italiana since August 1  2022  is a company based in the province of Padua  a leading player in the field of energy storage systems  catering to both residential and large-scale applications. These systems enable the storage and release of energy based on the energy needs of customers. As of June 30  2023  Energy has sold and installed over 60 000 systems across the country  serving residential  commercial  industrial  utility  and electric mobility markets. The production value as of June 30  2023  stood at 40.1 million Euros  with revenues of 39.3 million and a net profit of 5.5 million. Among the most notable projects completed are the large facility in Comiso  Sicily  consisting of an agri-voltaic plant and a photovoltaic field; the major plant dedicated to CAAB in Bologna; Smart Grids in numerous municipalities in Sardinia and Lombardy; a Condominium Energy Community in Switzerland where individual nodes exchange energy as needed. Energy's sales channels include both general electrical material distributors and photovoltaic specialists  and the company also collaborates with major European EPCs. Energy's logistics proximity to the main distributor locations has led the company to establish strong partnerships with players in the Italian and European markets. The company procures components from leading international suppliers and combines them with proprietary software called ""ZeroCO2"" to create systems compliant with European Union standards. For more information  please visit www.energyspa.comContactsCompanyEnergy S.p.A.Tel. +39 049 2701296info@energysynt.comIR & Corporate Media Relations AdvisorsTWIN SrlMara Di GiorgioTel. +39 335 7737417mara@twin.servicesFederico BagatellaTel. +39 331 8007258federico@twin.servicesChiara BortolatoTel. +39 347 8533894chiara@twin.servicesGiorgia FenaroliTel. +39 334 2208486giorgia@twin.services",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['two renewable sector trade exhibitions', 'Energy S.p.A.', 'KEY Energy', 'MCE Expocomfort', 'Rimini', 'Milan', 'February', '03:29', 'Contacts Company Energy S.p.A.', 'two renewable sector trade exhibitions', 'Conference/Miscellaneous Energy S.p.A.', 'KEY The Energy Transition Expo', 'integrated energy storage systems producer', 'entire renewable energy sector', 'general electrical material distributors', 'Corporate Media Relations Advisors', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'two trade exhibitions', 'Key word(s', 'energy transition process', ""Sant'Angelo di"", 'Piove di Sacco', 'Parco Agrisolare” tender', 'Condominium Energy Community', 'main distributor locations', 'European Union standards', 'electric mobility markets', 'leading international suppliers', 'Mostra Convegno Expocomfort', 'complete zeroCO2 range', 'major European EPCs', 'agrivoltaic storage solutions', 'industrial (C&I', 'Mara Di Giorgio', 'KEY Energy', 'two events', 'complete range', 'European markets', 'Energy SpA', 'energy needs', 'one solutions', 'leading player', 'major plant', 'XL range', 'MCE Expocomfort', 'Milano Fiera', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ENY', 'significant training', 'small size', 'agrivoltaic sectors', 'indoor applications', 'agricultural companies', 'Davide Tinazzi', 'Andrea Taffurelli', 'Massimiliano Ghirlanda', 'Borsa Italiana', 'large-scale applications', 'industrial, utility', 'production value', '40.1 million Euros', 'net profit', 'notable projects', 'large facility', 'agri-voltaic plant', 'Smart Grids', 'numerous municipalities', 'individual nodes', 'sales channels', 'photovoltaic specialists', 'logistics proximity', 'strong partnerships', 'proprietary software', 'Chiara Bortolato', 'XL size', 'XL Shell', 'information opportunities', 'photovoltaic field', 'Federico Bagatella', 'Giorgia Fenaroli', 'Rimini Fair', 'TWIN Srl', 'residential, commercial', '60,000 systems', 'EQS-News', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'February', 'March', 'Rho', 'display', 'Padua', 'Italy', 'acceleration', 'opportunity', 'outdoor', 'businesses', 'incentives', 'August', 'province', 'release', 'customers', 'June', 'country', 'revenues', 'Comiso', 'Sicily', 'CAAB', 'Bologna', 'Sardinia', 'Lombardy', 'Switzerland', 'players', 'components', 'energyspa', 'Tel.', 'energysynt', 'services', '09', '331']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36503,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUTELSAT-COMMUNICATIONS-5147/news/Eutelsat-Group-s-ADVANCE-Maritime-Offer-Supporting-Universal-Satcom-to-Consolidate-and-Extend-Its-45995506/,Eutelsat Group's ADVANCE Maritime Offer Supporting Universal Satcom to Consolidate and Extend Its Service Offering,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Eutelsat Group   has extended its partnership with Universal Satcom  the Dubai-based satellite communication system integrator.Eutelsat and Universal Satcom have been collaborating for some time  and this recent mul…,Regulatory News:Eutelsat Group (ISIN: FR0010221234 - Euronext Paris / London Stock Exchange: ETL) (Paris:ETL) (LSE:ETL)  has extended its partnership with Universal Satcom  the Dubai-based satellite communication system integrator.Eutelsat and Universal Satcom have been collaborating for some time  and this recent multi-year deal will enable Universal Satcom to leverage Eutelsat’s Geostationary ADVANCE maritime packaged solutions in Ku-band to extend its coverage in MENA and globally.Reema El Omari  Chief Executive Officer of Universal Satcom  commented: “Universal Satcom is well established in the MENA region where we offer support to ships that provide services to large barges or oil rigs. These markets demand the highest level of service that we can provide to our clients  thanks to Eutelsat’s solution. We have been working with them in the past and are glad to have the opportunity to expand this partnership in the future.”Cyril Dujardin  Co-President of Eutelsat Group’s Connectivity Business Unit  added: “Unrestricted maritime connectivity is essential for oil and gas companies  with vessels transporting these resources around the world. We’ve been working with Universal Satcom for a few years and are honoured by the trust they put in our high-quality service.”Eutelsat ADVANCE offers vital connectivity with reliable high-speed communications to manage critical data and telemetry connectivity across vast coverage areas. ADVANCE Maritime is specially designed to meet the connectivity needs of mobile users in the most remote areas of the world. It offers packaged and wholesale solutions for service providers targeting different maritime markets with multi-regional or global coverage.About Eutelsat GroupEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of Eutelsat and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 35 geostationary (GEO) satellites and a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites. The Group addresses customers' needs in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group’s unique suite of in-orbit assets and on-ground infrastructure enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 people from more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).Find out more at www.eutelsat.comDISCLAIMERThe forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management’s views and assumptions as of the date of this document. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to: risks related to the health crisis; operational risks related to satellite failures or impaired satellite performance  or failure to roll out the deployment plan as planned and within the expected timeframe; risks related to the trend in the satellite telecommunications market resulting from increased competition or technological changes affecting the market; risks related to the international dimension of the Group's customers and activities; risks related to the adoption of international rules on frequency coordination and financial risks related  inter alia  to the financial guarantee granted to the Intergovernmental Organization's closed pension fund  and foreign exchange risk. Eutelsat Communications expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this document to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. The information contained in this document is not based on historical fact and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts or data mentioned will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers as reasonable.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240221758897/en/,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.21,0.53,True,English,"['ADVANCE Maritime Offer', 'Eutelsat Group', 'Universal Satcom', 'Service Offering', 'Dubai-based satellite communication system integrator', 'Geostationary ADVANCE maritime packaged solutions', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'foreign exchange risk', 'recent multi-year deal', 'Reema El Omari', 'Chief Executive Officer', '35 geostationary (GEO) satellites', 'four key verticals', 'closed pension fund', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'different maritime markets', 'Unrestricted maritime connectivity', 'Low Earth Orbit', 'reliable high-speed communications', 'Connectivity Business Unit', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', 'satellite telecommunications market', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'vast coverage areas', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'satellite communications', 'wholesale solutions', 'integrated solutions', 'satellite failures', 'satellite performance', 'Eutelsat ADVANCE', 'remote areas', 'orbit assets', 'vital connectivity', 'telemetry connectivity', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'Regulatory News', 'Universal Satcom', 'large barges', 'highest level', 'Cyril Dujardin', 'gas companies', 'mobile users', 'global coverage', 'global leader', 'LEO) constellation', '6,500 television channels', 'unique suite', 'ground infrastructure', 'The Company', 'digital divide', 'illustrative purposes', 'health crisis', 'deployment plan', 'technological changes', 'international dimension', 'international rules', 'frequency coordination', 'Intergovernmental Organization', 'applicable law', 'historical fact', 'source version', 'connectivity needs', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'The Group', 'high-quality service', 'service providers', 'broadcast services', 'Government Services', 'global customers', 'MENA region', 'oil rigs', 'financial guarantee', 'Eutelsat Group', 'unknown risks', 'operational risks', 'financial risks', ""customers' needs"", 'critical data', '600 satellites', 'ISIN', 'ETL', 'LSE', 'partnership', 'Ku-band', 'support', 'ships', 'clients', 'past', 'opportunity', 'future', 'Co-President', 'vessels', 'resources', 'world', 'years', 'trust', 'multi-regional', 'combination', 'OneWeb', 'fleet', 'Video', '1,700 people', '50 countries', 'DISCLAIMER', 'management', 'views', 'assumptions', 'date', 'document', 'expected', 'timeframe', 'trend', 'increased', 'competition', 'activities', 'adoption', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'projections', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'events', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'information', 'facts', 'businesswire']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36504,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXTENSA-SA-5965/news/Nextensa-annual-results-2023-45999497/,Nextensa: annual results 2023 -February 21  2024 at 11:41 am EST,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  21 February 2024  5:40 PM NEXTENSA: ANNUAL RESULTS 2023 Highlights  INVESTMENT PROPERTIES• Nextensa realises a higher rental income in 2023 compared to 2022  i.e. a like-for-like rental growth of +12%.• Prop…,REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  21 February 2024  5:40 PMNEXTENSA: ANNUAL RESULTS 2023HighlightsINVESTMENT PROPERTIES• Nextensa realises a higher rental income (+€ 3.1 M) in 2023 compared to 2022  i.e. a like-for-like rental growth of +12%.• Property costs decrease by € 0.9 M due to higher occupancy rate.• The revaluation of the investment properties at the end of 2023 has a limited negative impact of -0.9%.• A profit of € 2.1 M was realised on the sale in early April 2023 of the Treesquare office building in Brussels.DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS• Tour & Taxis: Higher development result (€ 4.4 M margin recognised) in Belgium due to successful sales at Tour & Taxis. Of the 346 apartments of Park Lane phase II 64% have already been sold or reserved.• Cloche d’Or: 100% letting of the delivered office buildings Emerald and White House. Slower sales of apartments and office buildings lead to a lower contribution in the 2023 result (contribution of € 13.8 M in 2023 vs contribution of € 19 8 M in 2022).OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCYDecrease in overhead costs compared to the same period last year (€ -2.1 M)  despite the inflationary environment.ACTIVE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENTThe average cost of funding increases slightly from 2.18% to 2.67%  thanks to the hedging policy. At the end of 2023  the hedge ratio was 79% and a headroom existed of € 88 M on the existing credit lines.NET RESULTNet result (group share) amounts to € 24.49M or € 2.45 per share.The lower result compared to the exceptional year 2022 (net result of € 71.3 M) is mainly due to:• Limited activity in the institutional real estate market in 2023  where in 2022 profits were realised on sales of the Monnet and Titanium buildings (€ 28.3 M vs € 2.1 M in 2023).• The negative revaluation of the financial assets and liabilities in 2023 (€ -7.3 M) versus the positive revaluation in 2022 (€ +15.6 M).SALE OF THE RETAIL PROPERTY IN FOETZSale in early February 2024 at fair value as at 31/12/2023 (€ 9.23 M).DIVIDENDProposal to pay a gross dividend of €1.50 per share  which will be offered as an optional dividend if appropriate.CLEAR CHOICE FOR A FOSSIL-FREE PORTFOLIOIn 2023  the decision was taken to align all new developments with the criteria of the EU taxonomy (within the climate mitigation objective) and an action plan was drawn up to move towards a fossil-free portfolio.For more informationTim Rens | Chief Financial OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAbout NextensaNextensa is a mixed-use real estate investor and developer.The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (43%)  Belgium (42%) and Austria (15%); its total value as at 31/12/2023 was approximately € 1.3 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalisation of € 488.6 M (value 31/12/2023).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.11,0.38,0.51,True,English,"['annual results', 'Nextensa', 'February', '11', 'Park Lane phase II', 'institutional real estate market', 'mixed-use real estate investor', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'higher occupancy rate', 'existing credit lines', 'climate mitigation objective', 'major urban extension', 'ACTIVE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'higher rental income', 'large urban developments', 'Treesquare office building', 'limited negative impact', 'Higher development result', 'market capitalisation', 'financial assets', 'rental growth', 'Limited activity', 'FOSSIL-FREE PORTFOLIO', 'new developments', 'investment portfolio', 'office buildings', 'ANNUAL RESULTS', 'INVESTMENT PROPERTIES', 'Property costs', 'early April', 'DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS', 'White House', 'OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY', 'overhead costs', 'same period', 'inflationary environment', 'average cost', 'hedging policy', 'hedge ratio', 'NET RESULT', 'lower result', 'exceptional year', 'Titanium buildings', 'negative revaluation', 'CLEAR CHOICE', 'EU taxonomy', 'action plan', 'Tim Rens', 'Gare Maritime', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'new constructions', 'residential buildings', 'successful sales', 'Slower sales', 'fair value', 'gross dividend', 'optional dividend', 'total value', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'positive revaluation', 'RETAIL PROPERTY', 'early February', '€ 4.4 M margin', 'lower contribution', 'group share', 'Euronext Brussels', '2023 result', '21 February', '1.3 M', '8.6 M', '1000 Brussels', 'NEXTENSA', 'Highlights', 'profit', 'Tour', 'Taxis', 'Belgium', '346 apartments', 'Cloche', 'Emerald', 'Decrease', 'funding', 'headroom', 'Monnet', 'liabilities', 'FOETZ', 'Proposal', 'decision', 'criteria', 'Picardstraat', 'B50', 'relations', 'developer', 'company', 'Luxembourg', 'Austria', '31/12', '350,000 sqm', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'Attachment', '5:40', '2.1', '2022']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36505,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/21/2832994/0/en/Nextensa-annual-results-2023.html,Nextensa: annual results 2023,REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  21 February 2024  5:40 PM  NEXTENSA: ANNUAL RESULTS 2023  Highlights   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES• Nextensa realises a higher......,REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  21 February 2024  5:40 PMNEXTENSA: ANNUAL RESULTS 2023HighlightsINVESTMENT PROPERTIES• Nextensa realises a higher rental income (+€ 3.1 M) in 2023 compared to 2022  i.e. a like-for-like rental growth of +12%.• Property costs decrease by € 0.9 M due to higher occupancy rate.• The revaluation of the investment properties at the end of 2023 has a limited negative impact of -0.9%.• A profit of € 2.1 M was realised on the sale in early April 2023 of the Treesquare office building in Brussels.DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS• Tour & Taxis: Higher development result (€ 4.4 M margin recognised) in Belgium due to successful sales at Tour & Taxis. Of the 346 apartments of Park Lane phase II 64% have already been sold or reserved.• Cloche d’Or: 100% letting of the delivered office buildings Emerald and White House. Slower sales of apartments and office buildings lead to a lower contribution in the 2023 result (contribution of € 13.8 M in 2023 vs contribution of € 19 8 M in 2022).OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCYDecrease in overhead costs compared to the same period last year (€ -2.1 M)  despite the inflationary environment.ACTIVE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENTThe average cost of funding increases slightly from 2.18% to 2.67%  thanks to the hedging policy. At the end of 2023  the hedge ratio was 79% and a headroom existed of € 88 M on the existing credit lines.NET RESULTNet result (group share) amounts to € 24.49M or € 2.45 per share.The lower result compared to the exceptional year 2022 (net result of € 71.3 M) is mainly due to:• Limited activity in the institutional real estate market in 2023  where in 2022 profits were realised on sales of the Monnet and Titanium buildings (€ 28.3 M vs € 2.1 M in 2023).• The negative revaluation of the financial assets and liabilities in 2023 (€ -7.3 M) versus the positive revaluation in 2022 (€ +15.6 M).SALE OF THE RETAIL PROPERTY IN FOETZSale in early February 2024 at fair value as at 31/12/2023 (€ 9.23 M).DIVIDENDProposal to pay a gross dividend of €1.50 per share  which will be offered as an optional dividend if appropriate.CLEAR CHOICE FOR A FOSSIL-FREE PORTFOLIOIn 2023  the decision was taken to align all new developments with the criteria of the EU taxonomy (within the climate mitigation objective) and an action plan was drawn up to move towards a fossil-free portfolio.For more informationTim Rens | Chief Financial OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAbout NextensaNextensa is a mixed-use real estate investor and developer.The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (43%)  Belgium (42%) and Austria (15%); its total value as at 31/12/2023 was approximately € 1.3 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalisation of € 488.6 M (value 31/12/2023).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.11,0.38,0.51,True,English,"['annual results', 'Nextensa', 'Park Lane phase II', 'institutional real estate market', 'mixed-use real estate investor', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'higher occupancy rate', 'existing credit lines', 'climate mitigation objective', 'major urban extension', 'ACTIVE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'higher rental income', 'large urban developments', 'Treesquare office building', 'limited negative impact', 'Higher development result', 'market capitalisation', 'financial assets', 'rental growth', 'Limited activity', 'FOSSIL-FREE PORTFOLIO', 'new developments', 'investment portfolio', 'office buildings', 'ANNUAL RESULTS', 'INVESTMENT PROPERTIES', 'Property costs', 'early April', 'DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS', 'White House', 'OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY', 'overhead costs', 'same period', 'inflationary environment', 'average cost', 'hedging policy', 'hedge ratio', 'NET RESULT', 'lower result', 'exceptional year', 'Titanium buildings', 'negative revaluation', 'CLEAR CHOICE', 'EU taxonomy', 'action plan', 'Tim Rens', 'Gare Maritime', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'new constructions', 'residential buildings', 'successful sales', 'Slower sales', 'fair value', 'gross dividend', 'optional dividend', 'total value', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'positive revaluation', 'RETAIL PROPERTY', 'early February', '€ 4.4 M margin', 'lower contribution', 'group share', 'Euronext Brussels', '2023 result', '21 February', '1.3 M', '8.6 M', '1000 Brussels', 'NEXTENSA', 'Highlights', 'profit', 'Tour', 'Taxis', 'Belgium', '346 apartments', 'Cloche', 'Emerald', 'Decrease', 'funding', 'headroom', 'Monnet', 'liabilities', 'FOETZ', 'Proposal', 'decision', 'criteria', 'Picardstraat', 'B50', 'relations', 'developer', 'company', 'Luxembourg', 'Austria', '31/12', '350,000 sqm', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'Attachment', '5:40', '2.1', '2022']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,globenewswire.com
36506,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45993697/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -February 21  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 20 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5068 £ 24.5733 Estimated MTD return -0.80 % -0.74 % Estimated YTD return -0.15 % 0.01 % Estimated ITD return 175.07 % 145.73 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.66 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.51 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.0632 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.7586The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'February', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36507,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45993698/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -February 21  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 20 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5068 £ 24.5733 Estimated MTD return -0.80 % -0.74 % Estimated YTD return -0.15 % 0.01 % Estimated ITD return 175.07 % 145.73 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.66 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.51 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.0632 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.7586The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'February', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36508,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/21/2832451/0/en/Technip-Energies-Invests-in-the-United-Airlines-Ventures-Sustainable-Flight-Fund-Advancing-Sustainable-Aviation-Fuel-Development.html,Technip Energies Invests in the United Airlines Ventures Sustainable Flight Fund  Advancing Sustainable Aviation Fuel Development,Technip Energies Invests in the United Airlines Ventures Sustainable Flight Fund  Advancing Sustainable Aviation Fuel Development  Technip Energies......,"Technip Energies Invests in the United Airlines Ventures Sustainable Flight Fund  Advancing Sustainable Aviation Fuel DevelopmentTechnip Energies (PARIS:TE) announces a strategic investment in the United Airlines Ventures Sustainable Flight Fund. This innovative fund is strategically designed to leverage cross-industry support  providing start-ups working on Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF) research  production and technology  with both financial and strategic capital.This investment positions Technip Energies as the first strategic partner with Engineering  Procurement  and Construction capabilities in this Fund comprised of more than 20 corporate partners that make up all parts of the aviation supply chain – airlines  aircraft and engine manufacturers  fuel producers  financiers  travel management and more.Arnaud Pieton  CEO of Technip Energies  commented: ""By joining the United's Sustainable Flight Fund  Technip Energies reaffirms its commitment to addressing one of the industry's critical challenges: the current lack of industrial-scale solutions to meet the market demand for Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF). By bringing our engineering expertise  technology scale-up capabilities and global project delivery know-how  we join the journey of accelerating the supply to meet the increasing demand for SAF  aligning with the net-zero trajectory.""The Fund represents a significant collaborative effort  drawing expertise from various sectors of the aviation industry  to propel forward the advancement of sustainable fuel solutions. Through this collective approach  the Fund aims to catalyze the transition to a more sustainable aviation sector.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 35 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies is listed on Euronext Paris with American depositary receipts (“ADRs”). For further information: www.ten.com.Important Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementThis Press Release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies’ (the “Company”) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company's future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “intend”  “foresee”  “should”  “would”  “could”  “may”  “estimate”  “outlook”  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company’s forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company’s control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company’s risk factors set forth in the Company’s 2022 Annual Financial report filed on March 10  2023  with the Dutch Authority for the FinancialMarkets (AFM) and the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers which include a discussion of factors that could affect the Company's future performance and the markets in which the Company operates. Please also see Section 1.3 (Principal Risks and Uncertainties) of the Company's 2023 Half-Year Report which was filed with the AFM and the AMF on July 27  2023.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.ContactsInvestor relationsPhil LindsayVice-President Investor RelationsTel: +44 20 7585 5051Email: Phillip LindsayMedia relationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachments",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['United Airlines Ventures Sustainable Flight Fund', 'Sustainable Aviation Fuel Development', 'Technip Energies', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'United Airlines Ventures Sustainable Flight Fund', 'global project delivery know', 'robust project delivery model', 'Sustainable Aviation Fuel Development', 'Sustainable Aviation Fuels', 'sustainable aviation sector', 'sustainable fuel solutions', 'significant collaborative effort', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American depositary receipts', 'first strategic partner', 'aviation supply chain', 'growing market positions', 'technology scale-up capabilities', '2022 Annual Financial report', 'sustainable chemistry', 'innovative fund', 'fuel producers', 'Construction capabilities', 'industrial-scale solutions', 'market demand', 'The Fund', 'aviation industry', 'leadership positions', '2023 Half-Year Report', 'strategic capital', 'Technip Energies', 'cross-industry support', '20 corporate partners', 'engine manufacturers', 'travel management', 'Arnaud Pieton', 'critical challenges', 'current lack', 'increasing demand', 'net-zero trajectory', 'various sectors', 'collective approach', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'services offering', 'innovative projects', 'Forward-Looking Statement', 'Press Release', 'current expectations', 'future results', 'financial condition', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'business conditions', 'potential effect', 'actual results', 'historical experience', 'present expectations', 'projected results', 'Dutch Authority', 'future events', 'looking statements', 'strategic investment', 'leading Engineering', 'energy transition', 'material factors', 'risk factors', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Important Information', 'future performance', 'Principal Risks', 'inherent risks', 'new information', 'underlying assumptions', 'Financial Markets', 'engineering expertise', 'Technology company', 'start-ups', 'research', 'production', 'Procurement', 'parts', 'aircraft', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'SAF', 'how', 'journey', 'advancement', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '35 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'ADRs', 'Investors', 'Securityholders', 'intentions', 'beliefs', 'projections', 'operations', 'revenues', 'earnings', 'cashflows', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'opportunities', 'words', 'plan', 'may', 'outlook', 'absence', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'AFM', 'discussion', 'Section', 'AMF', 'July', 'date', 'duty', 'extent']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,globenewswire.com
36509,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-Launches-Geolocation-Gateway-Enabling-Proximity-Based-Digital-Services-45995864/,VEON Launches Geolocation Gateway  Enabling Proximity-Based Digital Services,(marketscreener.com) Initiative builds on GSMA Open Gateway framework  ensuring international interoperability Amsterdam and Tashkent  21 February 2024: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today anno…,"Initiative builds on GSMA Open Gateway framework  ensuring international interoperabilityAmsterdam and Tashkent  21 February 2024: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announced the launch of the Geolocation Gateway with the first implementation already in place in Uzbekistan. Building on the global GSMA Open Gateway framework for universal  open APIs (Application Programmable Interfaces) for enterprise developers  the Geolocation Gateway will enable a wide range of use cases  from proximity-based commercial services to reducing fraud in financial services  as well as supporting location-based emergency response.The Geolocation Gateway  developed by VEON in partnership with Nokia and Infobip  allows applications to determine the location of devices. For financial institutions  the Geolocation Gateway will enable them to determine if an individual is actually present during a transaction such as an ATM withdrawal or a credit card payment. For commercial companies  it can create growth opportunities by enabling targeted communications to be sent to participating customers  with their consent  based on proximity to an event  restaurant or shop. Most importantly for emergency services  the Geolocation Gateway will provide authorities the ability to warn individuals in specific locations about impending natural disasters such as floods  earthquakes or cyclones.""Mobile operators are at the forefront when it comes to enabling economic growth through digitalization  especially in the emerging economies where VEON operates. With the Geolocation Gateway  we are bringing in the latest international standards to provide digitalization at scale in our markets” said Kaan Terzioglu  VEON Group CEO. “The solutions that our teams have developed and started implementing in Uzbekistan enables the usage of location-based anonymized data in a wide range of digital applications  empowering users  businesses and public sector service providers alike”.“The Open Gateway initiative gives enterprise developers the ability to program networks and connectivity through universal open APIs. This means applications can be developed once and then integrated with every interconnected operator network worldwide  enabling the faster implementation and scaling of digital solutions ” explains GSMA Chief Technology Officer  Alex Sinclair. “We are excited to see that VEON is taking this initiative to its vibrant markets in Central and South Asia  where a wide range of use cases from disaster response to commercial growth of small and medium-size businesses could be highly relevant  and solutions could potentially be scalable to other mobile operators.”The first implementation of Geolocation Gateway is a commercial use case where an Uzbekistan-based country-wide pizza restaurant chain worked with Beeline Uzbekistan and VEON Adtech  both wholly owned subsidiaries of the VEON Group  to grow its business through precision-marketing based on the Geolocation Gateway APIs. The solution will be scaled to other digital operators of the VEON Group and is also available for licensing by other mobile operators.Developed in accordance with international privacy laws and data protection regulations  Geolocation Gateway provides only anonymized data to third-party service providers while all user-specific data remains held solely by the mobile operator as the trusted party. For commercial applications  all communication with individuals will be based on the legal permission policies of the jurisdiction.About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s commercial plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEONHande AsikGroup Director of Communicationpr@veon.com",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.19,0.6,True,English,"['Proximity-Based Digital Services', 'Geolocation Gateway', 'VEON', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'Uzbekistan-based country-wide pizza restaurant chain', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'global GSMA Open Gateway framework', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'GSMA Chief Technology Officer', 'public sector service providers', 'Hande Asik Group Director', 'The Open Gateway initiative', 'third-party service providers', 'universal, open APIs', 'universal open APIs', 'international privacy laws', 'Application Programmable Interfaces', 'credit card payment', 'impending natural disasters', 'legal permission policies', 'global digital operator', 'latest international standards', 'interconnected operator network', 'data protection regulations', 'The Geolocation Gateway', 'location-based emergency response', 'location-based anonymized data', 'other mobile operators', 'Geolocation Gateway APIs', 'other digital operators', 'commercial use case', 'proximity-based commercial services', 'VEON Group CEO', 'other things', 'international interoperability', 'emergency services', 'disaster response', 'user-specific data', 'digital services', 'use cases', 'commercial companies', 'commercial growth', 'commercial plans', 'online services', 'financial services', 'technology-driven services', 'first implementation', 'enterprise developers', 'wide range', 'financial institutions', 'ATM withdrawal', 'growth opportunities', 'targeted communications', 'participating customers', 'specific locations', 'economic growth', 'emerging economies', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'faster implementation', 'Alex Sinclair', 'South Asia', 'trusted party', '160 million customers', 'six countries', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'forward-looking statement', 'digital applications', 'commercial applications', 'converged connectivity', 'digital solutions', 'vibrant markets', 'medium-size businesses', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'Beeline Uzbekistan', 'VEON Ltd', 'VEON Adtech', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Tashkent', 'NASDAQ', 'launch', 'place', 'fraud', 'partnership', 'Nokia', 'Infobip', 'devices', 'individual', 'transaction', 'consent', 'shop', 'authorities', 'floods', 'earthquakes', 'cyclones', 'forefront', 'digitalization', 'scale', 'teams', 'usage', 'users', 'networks', 'scaling', 'Central', 'small', 'subsidiaries', 'precision-marketing', 'licensing', 'accordance', 'jurisdiction', 'world', 'population', 'lives', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36510,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/21/2832448/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 20 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5068 £ 24.5733 Estimated MTD return -0.80 % -0.74 % Estimated YTD return -0.15 % 0.01 % Estimated ITD return 175.07 % 145.73 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.66 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.51 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.0632 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.7586The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,globenewswire.com
36511,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/21/2832447/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 20 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5068 £ 24.5733 Estimated MTD return -0.80 % -0.74 % Estimated YTD return -0.15 % 0.01 % Estimated ITD return 175.07 % 145.73 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.66 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.51 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.0632 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.7586The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,globenewswire.com
36512,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-2023-Full-Year-Report-45994002/,Wolters Kluwer 2023 Full-Year Report,(marketscreener.com)   Wolters Kluwer 2023 Full-Year Report Alphen aan den Rijn  February 21  2024 – Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today releases its full-year 2023 results. Highlights Revenues €…,Wolters Kluwer 2023 Full-Year ReportAlphen aan den Rijn  February 21  2024 – Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today releases its full-year 2023 results.HighlightsRevenues €5 584 million  up 5% in constant currencies and up 6% organically. Recurring revenues (82% of total revenues) up 7% organically. Digital & services revenues (94% of total revenues) grew 6% organically. Expert solutions (58% of total revenues) grew 8% organically. Cloud software (16% of total revenues) grew 15% organically.Adjusted operating profit €1 476 million  up 6% in constant currencies. Adjusted operating profit margin up 30 basis points to 26.4%.Diluted adjusted EPS €4.55  up 10% overall and up 12% in constant currencies.Adjusted free cash flow €1 164 million  down 2% in constant currencies.Net-debt-to-EBITDA of 1.5x; return on invested capital (ROIC) improved to 16.8%.Proposed 2023 total dividend €2.08 per share  an increase of 15%.Share buybacks: Completed 2023 share buyback of €1 billion. Announcing 2024 share buyback of up to €1 billion  of which €100 million is completed.Outlook 2024: expect good organic growth and further improvement in adjusted operating profit margin  with the increase in diluted adjusted EPS to be dampened by higher financing cost and tax.Full-Year Report of the Executive BoardNancy McKinstry  CEO and Chair of the Executive Board  commented: “We achieved 6% organic growth and a year-on-year increase in adjusted operating margin  despite macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds. Strong momentum in recurring revenues compensated for challenges in some of our non-recurring revenue streams. We met our financial and sustainability goals  while increasing investment in product innovation  including in generative AI  to support future growth. We look forward to delivering another year of good organic growth and margin improvement in 2024.”Key Figures – Year ended December 31 € million (unless otherwise stated) 2023 2022 ∆ ∆ CC ∆ OG Business performance – benchmark figures Revenues 5 584 5 453 +2% +5% +6% Adjusted operating profit 1 476 1 424 +4% +6% +7% Adjusted operating profit margin 26.4% 26.1% Adjusted net profit 1 119 1 059 +6% +7% Diluted adjusted EPS (€) 4.55 4.14 +10% +12% Adjusted free cash flow 1 164 1 220 -5% -2%Net debt 2 612 2 253 +16% ROIC 16.8% 15.5% IFRS reported results Revenues 5 584 5 453 +2% Operating profit 1 323 1 333 -1% Profit for the period 1 007 1 027 -2% Diluted EPS (€) 4.09 4.01 +2% Net cash from operating activities 1 545 1 582 -2% ∆: % Change; ∆ CC: % Change in constant currencies (€/$ 1.05); ∆ OG: % Organic growth. Benchmark figures are performance measures used by management. See Note 3 for a reconciliation from IFRS to benchmark figures.Full-Year 2024 OutlookOur group-level guidance for 2024 is shown in the table below. We expect sustained good organic growth in line with prior year and a further modest increase in the adjusted operating profit margin. Margin improvement is expected to be realized in the second half of the year  mainly due to timing of investments.Full-Year 2024 Outlook Performance indicators 2024 Guidance 2023 Actual Adjusted operating profit margin* 26.4%-26.8% 26.4% Adjusted free cash flow** €1 150-1 200 million €1 164 million ROIC* 17%-18% 16.8% Diluted adjusted EPS growth** Mid- to high single-digit 12% *Guidance for adjusted operating profit margin and ROIC is in reporting currency and assumes an average EUR/USD rate in 2024 of €/$1.11. **Guidance for adjusted free cash flow and diluted adjusted EPS is in constant currencies (€/$ 1.08). Guidance reflects share repurchases of €1 billion in 2024.In 2023  Wolters Kluwer generated over 60% of its revenues and adjusted operating profit in North America. As a rule of thumb  based on our 2023 currency profile  each 1 U.S. cent move in the average €/$ exchange rate for the year causes an opposite change of approximately 3 euro cents in diluted adjusted EPS1.We include restructuring costs in adjusted operating profit. We expect 2024 restructuring costs to be in the range of €10-15 million (FY 2023: €15 million). We expect adjusted net financing costs2 in constant currencies to increase to approximately €60 million. We expect the benchmark tax rate on adjusted pre-tax profits to increase and to be in the range of 23.0%-24.0% (FY 2023: 22.9%).Capital expenditures are expected to remain at the upper end of our guidance range of 5.0%-6.0% of total revenues (FY 2023: 5.8%). We expect the full-year 2024 cash conversion ratio to be around 95% (FY 2023: 100%) due to lower net working capital inflows.Our guidance assumes no additional significant change to the scope of operations. We may make further acquisitions or disposals which can be dilutive to margins  earnings  and ROIC in the near term.2024 outlook by divisionOur guidance for 2024 organic revenue growth by division is summarized below. We expect the increase in group adjusted profit margin for 2024 to be driven primarily by our Health  Legal & Regulatory  and Corporate Performance & ESG divisions. The Tax & Accounting margin is expected to decline slightly due to increased product investment.Health: we expect full-year 2024 organic growth to be in line with prior year (FY 2023: 6%).Tax & Accounting: we expect full-year 2024 organic growth to be slightly below prior year (FY 2023: 8%)  due to slower growth in non-recurring outsourced professional services and the absence of one-off favorable events in Europe.Financial & Corporate Compliance: we expect full-year 2024 organic growth to be in line with or better than prior year (FY 2023: 2%) as transactional revenues are expected to stabilize.Legal Regulatory: we expect full-year 2024 organic growth to be in line with prior year (FY 2023: 4%).Corporate Performance & ESG: we expect full-year 2024 organic growth to be better than in the prior year (FY 2023: 9%) as Finance  Risk & Reporting revenues stabilize.Progress against 2022-2024 strategyWe are two years into our current three-year strategic plan  which has three strategic priorities:Accelerate Expert Solutions : we are focusing our investments on cloud-based expert solutions while continuing to transform selected digital information products into expert solutions. We are investing to enrich the customer experience of our products by leveraging advanced data analytics and artificial intelligence.we are focusing our investments on cloud-based expert solutions while continuing to transform selected digital information products into expert solutions. We are investing to enrich the customer experience of our products by leveraging advanced data analytics and artificial intelligence. Expand Our Reach : we are seeking to extend into high-growth adjacencies along our customer workflows and to adapt our existing products for new customer segments. We are working to develop partnerships and ecosystems for our key software platforms.we are seeking to extend into high-growth adjacencies along our customer workflows and to adapt our existing products for new customer segments. We are working to develop partnerships and ecosystems for our key software platforms. Evolve Core Capabilities: we are enhancing our central functions to drive excellence and scale economies  mainly in sales and marketing (go-to-market) and in technology. We plan to advance our sustainability and ESG performance and capabilities and to continue investing in diverse and engaged talent to support innovation and growth.A more detailed discussion of our strategy and business model can be found in our annual report.In 2023  we made important progress on our strategic plan. Expert solutions  which include our software products and certain advanced information solutions  accounted for 58% of total revenues (FY 2022: 56%) and grew 8% organically (FY 2022: 9%).Today  around 50% of our digital revenues are from products that leverage artificial intelligence (AI) to drive enhanced value for our customers. During 2023  we stepped up experimentation and investment in large language models (LLMs) as generative LLMs became scalable. We began testing dozens of use cases  collaborating with selected customers  and launched beta versions in Health and Legal & Regulatory markets. For much of this work  we are partnering with Microsoft  Google  and other technology suppliers.Second  we also made progress on extending our reach into high-growth adjacencies and geographies. The new Corporate Performance & ESG division  formed in March 2023  set us on a path to extend our enterprise software solutions into corporate workflows for ESG data collection  analysis  reporting  and auditing. In the Health division  the acquisition of NurseTim bolstered our position in nursing education solutions and test preparation while the acquisition of Invistics drug diversion detection software broadened our offering in the hospital market.Third  we took significant steps in 2023 to evolve our core capabilities. We centralized most of our product development teams  more than doubling the number of FTEs that now report into our global development organization  Digital eXperience Group (DXG). We formed a unified branding and communications function and a unified financial organization to support the company globally. With regard to our specific ESG objectives  the most notable advances were the validation by the SBTi of our near-term emission reduction targets and improvements in key human capital metrics  including turnover  engagement  and belonging.Financial policy  capital allocation  net debt  and liquidityWolters Kluwer uses its free cash flow to invest in the business organically and through acquisitions  to maintain optimal leverage  and to provide returns to shareholders. We regularly assess our financial position and evaluate the appropriate level of debt in view of our expectations for cash flow  investment plans  interest rates  and capital market conditions. While we may temporarily deviate from our leverage target  we continue to believe that  in the longer run  a net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio of around 2.5x remains appropriate for our business given the high proportion of recurring revenues and resilient cash flows.Dividend policy and proposed final dividend 2023Wolters Kluwer remains committed to a progressive dividend policy  under which we aim to increase the dividend per share in euros each year  independent of currency fluctuations. The payout ratio3 can therefore vary from year to year. Proposed annual increases in the dividend per share consider our ﬁnancial performance  market conditions  and our need for ﬁnancial ﬂexibility. The policy takes into account the characteristics of our business  our expectations for future cash ﬂows  and our plans for organic investment in innovation and productivity  or for acquisitions. We balance these factors with the objective of maintaining a strong balance sheet.At the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  we will propose a final dividend of €1.36 per share  which would result in a total dividend over the 2023 financial year of €2.08 per share  an increase of 15%. Dividends are paid in cash. Shareholders can choose to reinvest both interim and ﬁnal dividends by purchasing additional Wolters Kluwer shares through the Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) administered by ABN AMRO Bank N.V.Share buybacks 2023 and 2024As a matter of policy since 2012  Wolters Kluwer will offset the dilution caused by our annual incentive share issuance with share repurchases (Anti-Dilution Policy). In addition  from time to time when appropriate  we return capital to shareholders through share buyback programs. Shares repurchased by the company are added to and held as treasury shares and are either cancelled or utilized to meet future obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.In 2023  we completed share repurchases of €1 billion (8.7 million shares at an average price of €114.44). See Note 8 for further information on issued share capital.Today  we are announcing our intention to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2024. In the year to date  up to and including February 19  2024  we have repurchased €100 million in shares (732 722 shares at an average price of €136.48). Assuming global economic conditions do not deteriorate substantially  we believe this level of share buybacks leaves us with ample headroom to support our dividend plans  to sustain organic investment  and to make selective acquisitions. The share repurchase program may be suspended  discontinued  or modified at any time.For the period starting February 23  2024  up to and including April 29  2024  we have mandated a third party to execute €205 million in share buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association. The maximum number of shares which may be repurchased will not exceed the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.Net debt  leverage  credit facility  and liquidity positionNet debt on December 31  2023  was €2 612 million  up from €2 253 million on December 31  2022. The net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio increased to 1.5x at year end 2023 (FY 2022: 1.3x). Gross debt includes the €700 million Eurobond (8-year term; 3.750% annual coupon) issued on April 3  2023.Our €600 million multi-currency credit facility remains fully undrawn. As of December 31  2023  net cash available was €989 million4.Full-Year 2023 ResultsBenchmark figuresGroup revenues were €5 584 million  up 2% overall and up 5% in constant currencies. Excluding the effect of currency and the net effect of divestments and acquisitions  organic revenue growth was 6%  in line with the prior year (FY 2022: 6%).Revenues from North America accounted for 64% of total group revenues and grew 5% organically (FY 2022: 6%). Revenues from Europe  28% of total revenues  grew 7% organically (FY 2022: 6%). Revenues from Asia Pacific and Rest of World  8% of total revenues  grew 9% organically (FY 2022: 10%).Adjusted operating profit was €1 476 million (FY 2022: €1 424 million)  up 6% in constant currencies. The related margin increased by 30 basis points to 26.4% (FY 2022: 26.1%)  in line with our full-year guidance range. The margin improvement follows a margin increase in the fourth quarter driven by operational gearing  mix shift  and the comparison to a more normalized cost base in fourth quarter 2022. Personnel costs increased as expected due to an increase in the number of employees and due to wage inflation. In addition  there was an expected increase in personnel-related expenses  such as business travel  events  and training costs.Product development spending (including capitalized spend) increased in constant currencies and amounted to 11% of revenues in 2023 (FY 2022: 11%). Restructuring expenses  which are included in adjusted operating profit  increased to €15 million (FY 2022: €6 million)  at the upper end of our guidance range.Adjusted net financing costs reduced to €27 million (FY 2022: €56 million) due to higher interest income on our cash balances. Included in adjusted net financing costs was a €7 million net foreign exchange gain (FY 2022: €5 million net foreign exchange loss) mainly due to the translation of intercompany balances.Adjusted profit before tax was €1 450 million (FY 2022: €1 368 million)  up 6% overall and up 8% in constant currencies. The benchmark tax rate on adjusted profit before tax increased to 22.9% (FY 2022: 22.6%)  mainly due to lower prior year favorable adjustments combined with the increased limitation on interest deductibility in the Netherlands. Adjusted net profit was €1 119 million (FY 2022: €1 059 million)  an increase of 7% in constant currencies.Diluted adjusted EPS was €4.55 (FY 2022: €4.14)  up 12% in constant currencies  reflecting the increase in adjusted net profit and a 4% reduction in the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding to 246.0 million (FY 2022: 255.8 million).IFRS reported figuresReported operating profit declined 1% to €1 323 million (FY 2022: €1 333 million)  mainly due to significantly lower divestment results: we incurred a net disposal gain of €4 million in 2023 compared to a gain of €75 million in the prior year. Amortization and impairments of intangible assets decreased 9% due to reduced impairments in 2023.Reported financing results amounted to a net cost of €27 million  significantly lower than in the prior period (FY 2022: €57 million cost) due to higher interest income on cash balances. The reported effective tax rate increased to 22.4% as the prior year included a significant tax-exempt divestment gain (FY 2022: 19.5%). As a result  net profit for the year decreased 2% overall to €1 007 million (FY 2022: €1 027 million). Diluted EPS increased 2% to €4.09 (FY 2022: €4.01)  benefitting from the lower weighted average number of shares outstanding.Cash flowAdjusted operating cash flow was €1 476 million (FY 2022: €1 528 million)  down 3% overall and down 1% in constant currencies. This reflects a cash conversion ratio of 100% (FY 2022: 107%) returning to historical levels (95%-100%). Working capital inflows of €98 million were significantly lower than in the prior year while capital expenditures increased 8% overall and 10% in constant currencies. Net capital expenditures were 5.8% of revenues (FY 2022: 5.4%). Cash payments related to leases  including lease interest paid  were €74 million (FY 2022: €81 million). Depreciation of physical assets  amortization and impairment of internally developed software  and depreciation of right-of-use assets totaled €299 million (FY 2022: €306 million).Net interest paid  excluding lease interest paid  reduced to €17 million (FY 2022: €45 million)  reflecting higher interest income on cash and cash equivalents. Income tax paid increased to €325 million (FY 2022: €289 million). The net cash outflow related to restructuring was €1 million (FY 2022: outflow of €12 million). As a result  adjusted free cash flow was €1 164 million (FY 2022: €1 220 million)  down 2% in constant currencies.Total acquisition spending  net of cash acquired and including transaction costs  was €68 million (FY 2022: €95 million)  and primarily relates to the acquisitions of NurseTim on January 9  2023  Invistics on June 7  2023  and tax content and tools provider MFAS on October 31  2023.Dividends paid amounted to €467 million (FY 2022: €424 million). The cash deployed towards share repurchases was as announced  €1 billion  and in line with prior year (FY 2022: €1 billion).Sustainability and ESG achievements 2023In 2023  we continued efforts designed to attract  engage  develop  and retain talent globally. Our employee turnover rate improved to 9.8% (FY 2022: 15.3%) despite still competitive markets for technology talent. Our employee engagement score improved 1 point to 78 and our belonging score improved 2 points to 75.In November 2023  the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) validated our near-term emissions reduction targets under which we intend to reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 50% and absolute scope 3 GHG emissions by 30% by the year 2030 from a 2019 base year.Our annual scope 1 and 2 emissions  which are entirely accounted for by our offices around the world  reduced by 8% in 2023 compared to the prior year. At year-end 2023  our global office footprint (m2) was reduced by 5% compared to year-end 2022  bringing the cumulative reduction from 2019 baseline to 25%. Our server decommissioning program led to the closure of 12 data center locations and the decommissioning of 1 542 servers. In 2023  total business travel related emissions returned to pre-pandemic absolute levels  but business travel emissions per FTE were 16% below 2019 baseline level.In preparation for compliance with the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS)  which become mandatory as of financial year 2024  we have carried out an initial double materiality assessment based on the ESRS and will be providing additional disclosure in our annual report.Our sustainability efforts were recognized with an improved 14.4 ESG risk rating from Morningstar Sustainalytics  which qualifies Wolters Kluwer as top-rated and in the leading 5% of 1 109 companies in the Software & Services industry.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50  and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and InstagramMediaPaul LyonExternal Communicationst + 44 (0)7765-391-824press@wolterskluwer.comInvestors/AnalystsMeg GeldensInvestor Relationst + 31 (0)172-641-407ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by global pandemics  such as COVID-19; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.1 This rule of thumb excludes the impact of exchange rate movements on intercompany balances  which is accounted for in adjusted net financing costs in reported currencies and determined based on period-end spot rates and balances.2 Adjusted net financing costs include lease interest charges. Guidance for adjusted net financing costs in constant currencies excludes the impact of exchange rate movements on currency hedging and intercompany balances.3 Dividend payout ratio: dividend per share divided by adjusted earnings per share.4 Total cash and cash equivalents of €1 135 million less overdrafts used for cash management purposes of €146 million.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.67,0.25,0.08,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer 2023 Full-Year Report', 'lower net working capital inflows', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'average €/$ exchange rate', 'full-year 2024 cash conversion ratio', 'group adjusted profit margin', 'Full-Year 2024 Outlook Performance indicators', 'Wolters Kluwer 2023 Full-Year Report', 'average EUR/USD rate', 'free cash flow', 'higher financing cost', '1 U.S. cent', 'net financing costs2', 'additional significant change', 'good organic growth', '2024 organic revenue growth', 'recurring revenue streams', 'OG Business performance', 'operating profit margin', 'benchmark tax rate', 'diluted adjusted EPS', 'Net cash', '6% organic growth', 'operating margin', 'net profit', 'performance measures', 'Capital expenditures', 'future growth', 'full-year 2023 results', 'opposite change', 'margin improvement', 'operating activities', 'benchmark figures', 'EPS growth', 'global leader', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'constant currencies', 'Recurring revenues', 'Expert solutions', 'Cloud software', '2023 total dividend', 'Executive Board', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'geopolitical headwinds', 'Strong momentum', 'sustainability goals', 'product innovation', 'generative AI', 'Key Figures', 'Net debt', 'second half', 'high single-digit', 'North America', '3 euro cents', 'restructuring costs', 'pre-tax profits', 'upper end', 'near term', 'Health, Legal', 'Corporate Performa', 'Share buybacks', '2023 share buyback', '2024 share buyback', 'share repurchases', 'total revenues', '2023 currency profile', 'Diluted EPS', 'group-level guidance', 'modest increase', 'services revenues', 'prior year', 'guidance range', '∆ OG', 'February', 'Highlights', 'Digital', 'EBITDA', '1.5x', 'return', 'invested', 'ROIC', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'macroeconomic', 'challenges', 'non', 'financial', 'investment', 'CC', 'IFRS', 'period', 'management', 'Note', 'reconciliation', 'table', 'sustained', 'line', 'timing', 'reporting', 'rule', 'thumb', 'EPS1.', 'FY', 'scope', 'operations', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'margins', 'earnings', 'division', 'Regulatory']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36513,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/21/fmr-llc-sells-62345-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Fmr LLC Sells 62 345 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Fmr LLC trimmed its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.4% in the third quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1 341 943 shares of the real estate inv…,Fmr LLC trimmed its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.4% in the third quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1 341 943 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 62 345 shares during the quarter. Fmr LLC owned approximately 0.76% of Public Storage worth $353 629 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the business. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Public Storage by 0.3% during the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 11 209 856 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $3 271 933 000 after buying an additional 34 564 shares during the last quarter. Capital International Investors raised its stake in shares of Public Storage by 37.3% during the 2nd quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 7 504 560 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2 190 431 000 after purchasing an additional 2 037 973 shares during the period. Geode Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Public Storage by 3.0% during the 2nd quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 3 856 537 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 125 369 000 after purchasing an additional 114 079 shares during the period. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in shares of Public Storage by 63.6% during the 1st quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 2 755 605 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $832 580 000 after purchasing an additional 1 071 347 shares during the period. Finally  Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. grew its position in Public Storage by 22.4% during the third quarter. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. now owns 2 470 839 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $633 949 000 after buying an additional 451 864 shares in the last quarter. 78.75% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Insider Buying and Selling at Public StorageIn other Public Storage news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total transaction of $74 775.05. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now owns 13 021 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $3 674 135.57. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available at the SEC website. In other Public Storage news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total transaction of $74 775.05. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now owns 13 021 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $3 674 135.57. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available at the SEC website. Also  Director John Reyes sold 50 000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday  December 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $275.98  for a total value of $13 799 000.00. Following the transaction  the director now directly owns 174 192 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $48 073 508.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 10.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders.Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesSeveral equities analysts recently commented on PSA shares. The Goldman Sachs Group boosted their target price on Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday  January 11th. Truist Financial upped their price objective on Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday  December 28th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft initiated coverage on Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  January 30th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. Wells Fargo & Company cut Public Storage from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $270.00 to $280.00 in a report on Tuesday  December 12th. Finally  Evercore ISI upped their price objective on Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the stock an “in-line” rating in a report on Monday  November 27th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  five have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $293.00.View Our Latest Stock Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Trading Up 0.9 %Shares of PSA stock opened at $284.12 on Wednesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $49.96 billion  a PE ratio of 26.04  a P/E/G ratio of 3.87 and a beta of 0.55. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $316.48. The business has a 50-day moving average of $291.45 and a 200 day moving average of $274.32. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54  a current ratio of 0.98 and a quick ratio of 0.98.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.47,0.51,True,English,"['Fmr LLC', 'Public Storage', '62,345 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', 'Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Geode Capital Management LLC', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'other Public Storage news', 'other hedge funds', 'One investment analyst', 'Capital International Investors', 'State Street Corp', 'Several equities analysts', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Director John Reyes', 'equal weight” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'average price target', 'Latest Stock Report', 'target price', 'Fmr LLC', 'recent filing', 'price objective', 'institutional investors', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'Insider Buying', 'average rating', 'NYSE:PSA', 'Exchange Commission', 'total value', 'corporate insiders', 'buy” rating', 'Truist Financial', 'sell” rating', 'Wells Fargo', 'overweight” rating', 'Evercore ISI', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'third quarter', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', '2nd quarter', '1st quarter', 'Free Report', 'research report', 'SEC website', 'hold rating', 'additional 34,564 shares', 'additional 2,037,973 shares', 'additional 114,079 shares', 'additional 1,071,347 shares', 'additional 451,864 shares', 'PSA shares', 'total transaction', 'December 12th', 'PSA stock', '1,341,943 shares', '62,345 shares', '11,209,856 shares', '7,504,560 shares', '3,856,537 shares', '2,755,605 shares', '2,470,839 shares', '265 shares', '13,021 shares', '50,000 shares', '174,192 shares', 'stake', 'Securities', 'number', 'business', 'position', 'period', 'Selling', 'company', 'Wednesday', 'completion', 'Monday', 'disclosure', 'sale', 'Downgrades', 'Thursday', 'January', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'line', 'November', 'data']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,etfdailynews.com
36514,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PATRIMOINE-ET-COMMERCE-9595515/news/PATRIMOINE-ET-COMMERCE-2023-ANNUAL-RESULTS-45993585/,PATRIMOINE ET COMMERCE: 2023 ANNUAL RESULTS -February 21  2024 at 01:02 am EST,(marketscreener.com) PATRIMOINE ET COMMERCEPATRIMOINE ET COMMERCE: 2023 ANNUAL RESULTS 21-Feb-2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this annou…,PATRIMOINE ET COMMERCEPATRIMOINE ET COMMERCE: 2023 ANNUAL RESULTS21-Feb-2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.PRESS RELEASE 2023 ANNUAL RESULTS Paris - February 21  2024 At its meeting on February 20  2024  the Patrimoine & Commerce Supervisory Board reviewed the Company’s operations and approved the 2023 financial statements (1)  prepared by Management. FFO per share growing by +5.2% at € 2.03/shareCollection rate at 98% on rents and service chargesPortfolio valuation of € 858mDividend payment of € 1.35 per share  +3.8% vs. last year  implying a 7.7% yield on share price  as well as a 4.6% yield on NAV Key figures Key financials 31/12/202312 months 31/12/202212 months Var. % Gross Rental Income € 50.5m € 47.3m +6.7% Funds from operations € 30.7m € 29.3m +4.8% Group share of net profit € 29.0m € 47.8m (39.3%) Alternative Performance Measures 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Var. % Asset appraisal value (excluding transfer taxes) (2) € 858.3m € 841.3m +2.0% Capitalization rate (3) 7.3% 7.0% n.a. LTV ratio (4) 43.9% 44.0% n.a. NAV (excluding transfer taxes - €/share) 29.1 € 28.5 € +2.2% NAV (excluding transfer taxes) € 439.2m € 431.2m +1.8% Eric Duval  Managing Director and Founder of Patrimoine & Commerce declared: « This year again  the Company's results are solid  despite the persistence of a complex economic context marked by a general decline in the entire real estate investment sector (including commercial real estate). Less affected than other commercial real estate segments  the retail park remains a safe haven market with solid fundamentals (low vacancy rate  affordable rents). We are continuing our objective of proactive portfolio management with the sale of non-strategic assets  the strengthening of the rental mix around growing verticals (discount  catering  leisure  food)  the development and valorization of our existing assets. We remain attentive to opportunities to acquire relevant retail properties. In line with our profit distribution policy  and driven by our confidence in pursuing sustainable growth  we will propose the distribution of a dividend of € 1.35 per share  up +3.8% compared to last year. » Operational performance Patrimoine & Commerce had a sustained leasing activity and signed 58 leases (of which 26 renewals). The financial occupancy rate is increasing and stands at 94.7% (5) on the portfolio. The collection rate on rents and service charges invoiced in 2023 stands at 98%. FFO increasing by +4.8% In 2023  Patrimoine & Commerce continued to deliver a solid financial performance. For the fiscal year ended December 31  2023  Patrimoine & Commerce reported consolidated gross rental income of € 50.5m  against € 47.3m for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022: in millions of euros - 12 months 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Var. % Like-for-like 44.4 42.6 +4.2% Acquisitions 4.4 2.8 n.a Disposals 0.0 1.4 n.a Properties under restructuring 1.7 0.5 n.a Gross rental income 50.5 47.3 +6.7% The increase of gross rental income is mainly explained by (i) the effect of the acquisitions and disposals made in 2022 and 2023 (ii) the delivery of restructuring operations on a property in Martinique in 2022 as well as the delivery of the restructuring works in La Ville-du-Bois in 2023 and (iii) the like-for-like increase  driven by contractual indexation (4.2% in average on the period) and the decrease in the amortization of rent free periods. Net rental income stands at 92% of gross rental income  mainly composed of unrecovered rental expenses and provisions for credit losses: in millions of euros - 12 months 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Var. % Gross rental income 50.5 47.3 +6.7% Entry fees (0.0) 0.0 n.a. Gross rental revenue 50.5 47.4 +6.6% Unrecovered rental expenses (3.5) (2.7) n.a. Other building expenses (0.3) (0.6) n.a. Net rental income 46.7 44.2 +5.6% Operating expenses and other revenues remained under control at € 5.1m (vs. € 5.0m in 2022). Net cost of debt amounted to € 10.8m in 2023  an increase of +13 3% compared to last year  driven by the tightening of financing conditions. The Company continues to benefit from the hedging of its debt portfolio  with 76% of the debt either at fixed rate or at hedged variable rate. The average interest rate on debt is 2.76% for the 12 months ending December 31  2023 (versus 2.07% in 2022). Recurring net result (FFO) amounted to € 30.7m in 2023  compared to € 29.3m in 2022: in millions of euros - 12 months 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Var. % Restated current operational result 41.6 39.2 +6.1% Restated net cost of debt (10.8) (9.5) +13.3% Current taxes (0.1) (0.4) n.a. Funds from operations (FFO) (6) 30.7 29.3 +4.8% Diluted FFO per share 2.03 1.93 +5.2% Including the fair value adjustment of the portfolio (+€ 0.2m)  the share of the result of companies accounted for using the equity method (-€ 1.1m)  other non-recurring revenues and charges (-€ 0.5m)  and the contribution of hedging strategies on debt (-€ 1.2m)  net profit amounted to € 28.2m for the fiscal year 2023 and € 29.0m in group share. Decrease of the LTV ratio and increase of the NAV per share at € 29.1 (+2.2%) The Group consolidated net debt of € 369.2m as of December 31  2023  implies a Loan-to-Value ratio of 43.9%  leaving a significant investment capacity compared to the target of 50% set by Patrimoine & Commerce. in millions of euros - 12 months 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Net Debt 369.2 360.9 (-) other lease liabilities (0.6) (0.6) (-) financial instruments 1.0 2.2 Restated Net debt 369.6 362.4 Property valuation (excl. Transfer taxes) 842.8 823.9 Loan To Value ratio 43.9% 44.0% Net asset value per share amounted to € 29.12 (€ 439.2m) in 2023  an increase of +2.2% versus 2022. in millions of euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 NAV  excl. Transfer taxes 439.2 431.2 NAV per share  excl. Transfer taxes (in euros) 29.12 28.48 Number of shares (excl. Treasury shares) 15 085 647 15 144 241 Development and optimization of the portfolio As of December 31  2023  the portfolio valuation (excluding transfer taxes and including properties accounted for using the equity method)  reached € 858.3m  increasing by +2.0% compared to 2022. The capitalization rate of the properties in operation stands at 7.3%. in millions of euros Variation Net balance as of January 1  2023 841.3 Acquisitions 19.4 Disposals (2.6) Fair value impact 0.2 Net balance as of December 31  2023 858.3 Over 2023  Patrimoine & Commerce continued its development through the acquisition  in April 2023  of a retail park of 7 500 sqm in Saint-Parres-aux-Tertres (Grand Est). The Company also continued its investments through the delivery of restructuring works in La Ville-du-Bois  a new building in Wittenheim as well as the delivery of two commercial units in Lexy. Those investments totalled € 19.4m in 2023. Patrimoine & Commerce also completed the disposal of several assets in Vandoeuvre (Grand Est) and Salon-de-Provence (Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur)  and an building plot in Lempdes (Auvergne- Rhône-Alpes)  for a total consideration of € 2.6m  in line with external appraisers’ valuations. Dividend payment of € 1.35 per share The distribution of a dividend of € 1.35 per share will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Patrimoine & Commerce. The proposed dividend is increasing by +3.8% compared to last year and implies a 4.6% yield on net asset value per share as of December 31  2023  and of 7.7% on the stock price (7). Agenda April 12  2024 First-Quarter 2024 activity June 13  2024 Annual General Meeting July 24  2024 First-Half 2024 results October 11  2024 Third-Quarter 2024 activity ------------------------------------ About Patrimoine & Commerce Patrimoine & Commerce owns and operates a real estate portfolio  largely comprising retail property  covering a total surface area of more than 528 000 sqm. The assets are mainly located in retail parks near mid-sized towns throughout France. Patrimoine & Commerce benefits from a significant identified deal flow that will enable it to feed its growth  in terms of both assets under development and operating assets. Notes : 1The consolidated financial statements have been subject to audit procedures. The Statutory Auditors’ report is to be issued shortly 2 Incl. Group share of Cherbourg and Studio Prod and assets held for sale. 3 Based on annualized rents (or market rental value for vacant spaces) and on property valuation excl. transfer taxes 4 Adjusted for hedging instruments 5Excluding strategic vacancy 6 As of December 31  2023  the current operational result and the net cost of debt are restated from operating expenses  other income and financial expenses of the real estate development activity (-€ 0.8m) 7 Average 12 months as of December 31  2023 Patrimoine & Commerce is listed on NYSE Euronext Paris. ISIN code: FR0011027135 – Mnémo code: PAT For further information  go to : www.patrimoine-commerce.com For information  please contact : PATRIMOINE & COMMERCE PRESS - INVESTORS RELATIONS Eric DUVAL Managing Director contact@patrimoine-commerce.com CYLANS Tél. : +33 (0)7 88 09 17 29 patrimoine-commerce@cylans.fr Appendix 1 :Recurring net result and Net debt Recurring net result in millions of euros - 12 months 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Var. % Gross rental income 50.5 47.3 +6.7% Net rental income 46.7 44.2 +5.6% Operating expenses and other income (5.1) (5.0) +2.2% Adjusted EBITDA 41.6 39.2 +6.1% Net cost of debt (10.8) (9.5) +13.3% Current taxes (0.1) (0.4) n.a. Funds from operations (FFO) 30.7 29.3 +4.8% FFO per share € 2.03 € 1.93 +5.2% Change in fair value of properties 0.2 15.1 n.a. Change in fair value of financial instruments (1.2) 3.6 n.a. Equity method investees (1.1) 0.3 n.a. Other income and expenses (0.5) (2.1) n.a. Net income 28.2 46.1 (38.9%) Minority interest 0.8 1.7 n.a. Net profit  group share 29.0 47.8 (39.3%) Consolidated Net debt in millions of euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Bond loans 30.0 30.0 Borrowings from financial institutions 347.7 355.2 Lease liabilities connected to finance leasing 27.2 34.6 Other lease liabilities 0.6 0.6 Accrued interest 1.8 1.8 Financial liabilities on hedging instruments 0.0 0.0 Bank overdraft 0.0 0.0 Financial liabilities - Partners' current accounts 8.3 8.5 Liabilities related to assets held for sale 0.0 3.3 Total Financial Debt 415.6 434.1 Cash and others 27.9 55.2 Financial assets on hedging instruments 1.0 2.2 Financial assets - Partners' current accounts 17.5 15.8 Consolidated Net Debt 369.2 360.9Appendix 2 :IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements Assets in millions of euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Non current assets Investment properties 840.6 815.4 Tangible and intangible assets 0.6 0.7 Investment in equity-accounted companies 5.6 7.5 Non-current financial assets 1.5 2.9 Non-current deferred tax assets 0.4 0.1 Total - Non current assets 848.8 826.6 Current assets Current financial assets 0.6 0.2 Trade and other receivables 22.3 22.4 Other receivables 4.7 7.8 Cash and cash equivalents 27.9 55.2 Total - Current assets 55.6 85.5 Assets held for sale 2.2 8.5 Total assets 906.5 920.6 Equity and Liabilities in millions of euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Equity attributable to owners of the parent Share capital 151.0 152.8 Additional paid-in capital 34.5 35.7 Legal reserves 4.0 2.8 Consolidated reserves 220.7 192.1 Consolidated earnings 29.0 47.8 Total - Equity attributable to owners of the parent 439.2 431.2 Equity attributable to non-controlling interests 11.5 12.8 Total equity 450.7 444.0 Non current liabilities Non current financial liabilities 342.2 388.8 Deposits 8.1 7.7 Deferred tax liabilities - - Other long-term liabilities 2.4 2.4 Total - Non current liabilities 352.7 398.9 Current liabilities Current financial liabilities 73.4 41.9 Payroll and tax liabilities 5.9 6.7 Trade payables 7.3 8.9 Other liabilities 16.5 16.9 Total - Current liabilities 103.1 74.4 Liabilities related to assets held for sale 0.0 3.3 Total Equity and Liabilities 906.5 920.6 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income in millions of euros - 12 months 12mois 31/12/23 12mois 31/12/22 Gross rental revenues 50.5 47.4 Service charge income 11.1 10.3 Service charge expenses (14.6) (12.9) Other building expenses (0.3) (0.6) Net rental income 46.7 44.2 External expenses and other taxes (4.9) (4.8) Payroll expenses (0.8) (0.8) Amortization and provisions (0.1) (0.1) Other current operating income and expenses (0.1) 0.0 Total - Operating income and expenses (5.9) (5.7) Current operating income 40.8 38.5 Other operating income and expenses 0.1 (0.7) Change in the fair value of investment properties 2.2 14.9 Share in earnings of equity-accounted companies (3.1) 0.5 Operating income 40.0 53.1 Financial income 0.8 0.4 Financial expenses (11.6) (9.9) Cost of net debt (10.8) (9.5) Other financial income and expenses (1.2) 2.8 Income tax benefit (expense) 0.1 (0.3) Net income 28.2 46.1 Minority interests (0.8) (1.7) Net profit  group share 29.0 47.8 Net income  per share 1.91 3.17 Diluted net income  per share 1.91 3.17 Net income 28.2 46.1 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss - - Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss - - Total comprehensive income 28.2 46.1 of which : - Group share 29.0 47.8 - Non controlling interest (0.8) (1.7) Average number of shares outstanding 15 170 184 15 057 573 Consolidated statements of cash flows in millions of euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income from consolidated companies 28.2 46.1 Restatements : Share in earnings of equity-accounted companies 3.1 (0.5) Dividends received from equity-accounted companies 0.3 0.5 Depreciation  amortization and provisions 0.1 0.7 Change in value of investment properties (2.2) (14.9) Change in value of other assets and liabilities 1.2 (3.6) Capital gains and losses on asset disposals (0.2) 0.1 Net cost of debt 10.8 9.5 Income tax benefit (including deferred tax) (0.1) 0.3 Gross cash flow from consolidated companies 41.0 38.3 Income tax paid (0.1) (0.0) Change in operating working capital 0.1 3.3 Net cash flow from operating activities 41.1 41.6 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisitions of investment properties and other fixed assets (19.2) (61.5) Proceeds from sales of investment properties 3.3 41.4 Movements in loans and other financial assets 0.0 0.3 Movements in current accounts of equity-accounted companies (1.8) (2.5) Impact of changes in scope 0.0 - Net cash flow from investing activities (17.7) (22.2) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Dividends paid to owners of the parent (20.0) (15.8) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests - - Acquisitions / disposals of treasury shares (1.0) (0.9) New loans  borrowings and hedging instruments 16.1 48.7 Repayment of loans  borrowings  hedging instruments and lease liabilities (33.5) (37.2) Repayment of loans  borrowings and hedging instruments on assets held for sale (0.8) (4.4) Repayment linked to rental liabilities (0.1) (0.1) Interest paid (10.5) (9.3) Transactions with non-controlling interests - - Changes in partner's current accounts (0.9) 4.2 Net cash flow from financing activities (50.7) (14.9) Change In Cash and Cash Equivalents (27.3) 4.5 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 55.2 50.7 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 27.9 55.2 Change In Cash and Cash Equivalents (27.3) 4.5 Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: EN_CP Annual Results 2023,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.65,0.32,0.03,True,English,"['ANNUAL RESULTS', 'PATRIMOINE', 'COMMERCE', 'February', '01', '02', 'entire real estate investment sector', 'NAV Key figures Key financials', 'other commercial real estate segments', 'Var. % Asset appraisal value', '12 months Var. % Gross Rental Income', 'fair value adjustment', 'Gross rental revenue', 'French Regulatory News', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'complex economic context', 'safe haven market', 'sustained leasing activity', 'Other building expenses', 'unrecovered rental expenses', 'Net rental income', 'other non-recurring revenues', 'low vacancy rate', 'solid financial performance', 'financial occupancy rate', 'current operational result', 'Recurring net result', '2023 ANNUAL RESULTS Paris', 'relevant retail properties', 'average interest rate', 'profit distribution policy', 'Commerce Supervisory Board', 'Operational performance Patrimoine', 'proactive portfolio management', 'other revenues', 'rental mix', 'net profit', 'Operating expenses', '2023 financial statements', 'retail park', 'solid fundamentals', 'Current taxes', 'Net cost', 'Collection rate', 'Capitalization rate', 'fixed rate', 'variable rate', 'EQS Group', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'last year', 'transfer taxes', 'LTV ratio', 'Eric Duval', 'Managing Director', 'general decline', 'strategic assets', 'growing verticals', 'existing assets', 'sustainable growth', 'fiscal year', 'La Ville-du-Bois', 'contractual indexation', 'free periods', 'credit losses', 'Entry fees', 'financing conditions', 'equity method', 'Portfolio valuation', 'service charges', 'restructuring works', 'Dividend payment', 'hedging strategies', 'affordable rents', 'share price', 'Group share', 'debt portfolio', 'restructuring operations', '07:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'February', 'meeting', 'Company', '7.7% yield', '4.6% yield', 'Funds', 'Founder', 'persistence', 'objective', 'sale', 'strengthening', 'discount', 'catering', 'leisure', 'food', 'development', 'valorization', 'opportunities', 'confidence', '58 leases', '26 renewals', 'consolidated', 'December', 'millions', 'euros', 'Acquisitions', 'Disposals', 'increase', 'effect', 'delivery', 'property', 'Martinique', 'decrease', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'control', 'tightening', 'companies', 'contribution', '€', '94.', '1.7', '2022']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36515,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/21/2832997/0/en/Ipsos-Growth-acceleration-and-maintained-high-profitability-in-2023.html,Ipsos: Growth acceleration and maintained high profitability in 2023,Growth acceleration and maintained high profitability in 2023  Organic growth: 8.8% in Q4 and 3% for the yearOperating profit: 13.1%  Paris  21...,Growth accelerationand maintained high profitability in 2023Organic growth: 8.8% in Q4 and 3% for the yearOperating profit: 13.1%Paris  21 February 2024 – Ipsos  one of the world’s leading market research companies  confirmed the acceleration of its activity in the 4th quarter of 2023 and posted organic growth of 8.8% (after -2.8% in the 1st quarter  0.5% in the 2nd quarter and 4.3% in the 3rd quarter)  meeting our guidance for the year. Organic growth for the 2023 financial year therefore reached 3% (4% excluding the impact of COVID contracts ending). The operating profit remained stable at an all-time high of 13.1%  demonstrating the Group’s ability to maintain its profitability in a challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical context.The 4th quarter revenue amounts to 714.7 million euros  up by 4.8%. For the year  it reaches 2 389.8 million euros  down 0.6% due to unfavorable exchange rate effects(-3.9%) which more than offset the organic growth (3%) and perimeter effects (0.3%).Ben Page  CEO of Ipsos  says: “We improved in 2023 despite economic headwinds  proving the resilience of Ipsos’ model. Thanks to our geographic spread  our multi-sectoral approach  client portfolio and new technology  we can feel confident as we step into 2024. Combined with the talent and commitment of our teams  these strengths are exactly what we need to keep responding to new client needs and seizing new growth opportunities.”PERFORMANCE BY QUARTER2023 vs 2022 In € millions 2023revenue Totalgrowth Organicgrowth 1st quarter 532.0 -2.9% -2.8% 2nd quarter 555.1 -3.3% 0.5% 3rd quarter 588.0 -2.3% 4.3% 4th quarter 714.7 4.8% 8.8% Revenue 2 389.8 -0.6% 3.0%PERFORMANCE BY REGIONIn € millions 2023revenue Contribution 4th quarterorganic growth Organicgrowth(2023 vs 2022) EMEA 1 026.6 43% 11.2% 4.1% Americas 956.4 40% 7.7% 1.7% Asia-Pacific 406.8 17% 5.5% 3.5% Revenue 2 389.8 100% 8.8% 3.0%All regions showed excellent growth momentum in the 4th quarter and grew over the year.From the 3rd quarter onwards  activity in the EMEA region was free from unfavourable base effects caused by the end of major Covid contracts  and it showed excellent momentum with organic growth of 11.2% in the final quarter. Annual organic growth of 4.1% was largely driven by Continental Europe  where countries like France and Belgium reported excellent results.Activity in the Americas showed organic growth of 1.7% in 2023. This reflects a contrasting reality between the strong performance of Latin America (above 8%) and lower growth in North America (close to 1%). The United States was affected by the significant decline in demand by major Tech clients. However  we did see a gradual improvement in demand from these clients over the final quarter. This trend remains to be confirmed in 2024  primarily with new opportunities offered by generative AI. Overall  the final quarter in the Americas showed organic growth of over 7.5%  both in North and South America.Lastly  the Asia-Pacific region posted organic growth of around 5.5% for the quarter and 3.5% for the full year. With no tangible economic recovery in China following the end of the Zero-COVID policy  our activity in the country stagnated  which hindered performance for the entire region. Conversely  India and South-East Asia maintained their momentum with double-digit growth rates.PERFORMANCE BY AUDIENCEIn € millions 2023revenue Contribution 4th quarterorganic growth Organic growth(2023 vs 2022) Consumers1 1 126.8 47% 12.8% 7.1% Clients and employees2 530.0 22% 2.5% 0.1% Citizens3 351.2 15% 2.3% -5.0% Doctors and patients4 381.8 16% 12.4% 3.6% Revenue 2 389.8 100% 8.8% 3.0%Breakdown of Service Lines by audience segment:1- Brand Health Tracking  Creative Excellence  Innovation  Ipsos UU  Ipsos MMA  Market Strategy & Understanding  Observer (excl. public sector)  Ipsos Synthesio  Strategy32- Automotive & Mobility Development  Audience Measurement  Customer Experience  Channel Performance (Mystery Shopping and Shopper)  Media Development  ERM  Capabilities3- Public Affairs  Corporate Reputation4- Pharma (quantitative and qualitative)Our activities with consumers showed very strong momentum both in the 4th quarter (+12.8%) and throughout 2023 (+7.1%). This reflects excellent performance from our business lines with regard to brand health tracking  marketing spend optimization and market positioning activities  as well as our qualitative work. Solid performance in the consumer goods sector also helped maintain the high level of activity in this segment.Our activity with clients and employees was stable throughout the year. Customer experience and mystery shopping surveys recorded strong performance  even if this audience segment was adversely affected in 2023 by the drop in demand from major Tech clients.Our activity with citizens was down 5%  due mainly to major COVID contracts ending. Our business relating specifically to the public sector other than COVID contracts performed well and posted organic growth of more than 8%.Finally  our activity with doctors and patients continued on its path of improvement throughout 2023  with organic growth of 9% in the 2nd semester  of which 12% was achieved in the final quarter. Initially affected early in the year by shifts in decision-making from certain clients in the pharmaceutical industry  this activity did regain its momentum. One example in particular was our high added-value services offering  as well as our solutions for targeting and segmenting patients and prescribers.FINANCIAL PERFORMANCESummary income statementIn € millions 2023 2022 Change(2023 vs 2022) Revenue 2 389.8 2 405.3 -0.6% Gross margin 1 612.8 1 594.1 1.2% Gross margin/Revenue 67.5% 66.3% 1.2 pt Operating profit 312.4 314.7 -0.7% Operating profit/Revenue 13.1% 13.1% 0.0 pt Other non-current/recurring income and expenses -47.3 3.7 Finance costs -13.3 -13.2 0.5% Other finance costs -7.0 -3.5 96.8% Income tax -72.9 -72.8 0.2% Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 159.7 215.2 -25.8% Adjusted net profit* attributable to owners of the parent 228.6 232.4 -1.6%*Adjusted net profit is calculated before (i) non-monetary items related to IFRS 2 (Share-based Payment)  (ii) the amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets (client relations)  (iii) the impact of other non-current income and expenses  net of tax  (iv) the non-monetary impact of changes in puts and other financial income and expenses  and (v) deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill for which amortisation is deductible in some countries. It is in particular adjusted for the provisions related to Russia.Income statement itemsThe gross margin rose by 120 basis points to 67.5%  compared to 66.3% in 2022. This increase was mainly attributable to (i) a favourable mix effect related to very strong momentum from higher margin segments like Ipsos.Digital  Marketing Management Analytics activities and qualitative surveys  (ii) the structural continuation of the increase in the proportion of online surveys  which rose from 65% in 2022 to 66% in 2023  (iii) the Group’s ability to maintain its prices in a context of inflation  and (iv) the definitive end of large covid contracts in early 2022 (for which collection costs were above average).With regard to operating costs  the payroll remained under control at less than 1% growth  despite the persisting impact of inflation on salaries in some countries. Given the context of uncertainty  throughout 2023 we adapted our staff numbers based on the activity in each of our markets. At 31 December 2023  Ipsos had 19 701 employees  a 2.3% decrease compared to 31 December 2022. The payroll-to-gross-margin ratio improved to 65.1% compared to 65.3% in 2022. This ratio was 67% in 2019 before COVID  which allowed us to achieve structural productivity gains. The cost of variable compensation in shares rose to €16.3 million compared to €14.4 million in 2022 due to the increased share price.Overhead costs were down slightly (-0.4%) despite the inflationary context. While we continued to increase current expenditure on IT  our other overhead items were stable or down – particularly professional fees and travel expenses. The ratio of overhead to gross margin improved to 13.3% compared to 13.5% in 2022  also remaining significantly lower than its pre-pandemic level (17% in 2019).Other operating income and expenses  consisting mainly of severance costs  showed a net cost of €20.3 million. In 2023  we adopted our operating model based on the level of activity in each of our markets  especially in the United States due to the drop in major Tech clients.Overall  the Group’s operating profit once again reached the high level of 13.1% achieved in 2022.Below the operating profit  the amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets refers to the portion of goodwill allocated to client relations in particular. This allocation came to €6.0 million.The balance of other non-current and non-recurring income and expenses came to a net cost of €47.3 million. Since July 31  2023  a draft law aiming to impose strong restrictions on companies researching the structure of consumer goods markets in Russia came under review at the Duma. Even though uncertainties remain about the law’s final content and its implementation schedule  the draft law plans  at this point  among other restrictive provisions  to limit foreign ownership of such companies to a 20% shareholding. Considering the risks that this draft law poses to our business continuity in Russia  even though it is not clearly established that its purpose includes Ipsos' business  we have  as a precaution  decided to write off the entirety of the net asset linked to our local subsidiary  representing an amount of 59 million euros. Our activities in Russia account for less than 2% of the Group's revenue.Finance costs. The net interest expense came to €13.3 million compared to €13.2 million last year – the effects of the rise in interest rates on financial income and expenses balanced each other out overall.Other net financial income and expenses showed a net cost of €7.0 million  including €3.7 million related to financial expenses as a result of applying IFRS 16.The effective tax rate on the IFRS income statement was 30.6% compared to 24.8% last year. This rate would be 24 5% excluding the impact of provisions related to Russia.Net profit attributable to owners of the parent came to €160 million compared to €215 million in 2022  impacted by 59 million euros due to the depreciation of Ipsos' net asset in Russia.Adjusted net profit attributable to owners of the parent came to €229 million compared to €232 million in 2022. For the second half of the year  it increased by 24 million euros  or 17%.Financial structureCash flow from operations came to €413 million compared to €402 million in 2022  up €11 million.The working capital requirement saw a negative change of €65 million. A significant portion of our growth in 2023 was achieved in the final quarter. Cash generation associated with this revenue extended partly to the start of 2024.Investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets consisted mainly of investments in IT infrastructure  technology and R&D. Amounting to €59 million  these were up €4 million compared to 2022. This was in line with the 2025 strategic plan  which calls for an increase in our investments in platforms  our proprietary panels and generative AI tools. The pace of these investments will be stepped up in 2024.Overall  free cash flow from operations came to €169 million  down €45 million compared to last year  mainly due to the growth momentum in the fourth quarter.As for non-current investments  Ipsos stepped up the pace of its external growth policy in 2023  investing €48 million in the acquisition of NVCS in the US  Behaviour & Attitudes in Ireland  CBG in New Zealand  Big Village in Australia  Xperity in the US  Omedia in West Africa and Shanghai Focus RX in China. In January 2024  the acquisitions of Jarmany in Great Britain and I&O in the Netherlands were added to this list.Lastly  our financing activities in 2023 included the following:Continuation of the share buyback programme with the intention of cancellation for an amount of €50 million  representing 1 050 000 cancelled shares  in addition to the usual share buybacks as part of our free share plans amounting to €36 million.for an amount of €50 million  representing 1 050 000 cancelled shares  in addition to the usual share buybacks as part of our free share plans amounting to €36 million. Repayments of the “Schuldschein” loan taken out in 2016 for an amount of €39 million and $42 million.Dividend payments of €59 million.Shareholders’ equity stood at €1 433 million at 31 December 2023  compared to €1 500 million at 31 December 2022.Net financial debt came to €120 million  up €51 million compared to 31 December 2022. The company’s balance sheet remained very healthy  and the leverage ratio (calculated excluding the impact of IFRS 16) was 0.3 times EBITDA (compared to 0.2 times at 31 December 2022).Cash position. Cash at 31 December 2023 was €278 million. The Group also had almost €500 million in credit lines payable after more than one year  allowing it to prepare for its debt maturities in 2024 (€20 million in bilateral lines) and September 2025 (€300 million in bond issues).OUTLOOK 2024Ipsos improved in 2023 despite headwinds caused by major Covid contracts ending  a drop in demand from major Tech clients and more generally a challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical environment. By maintaining a high operating profit  the Group confirmed the resilience of its operating model and its ability to adapt to uncertain environments. With hardly any debt  the Group is in an excellent position to continue financing its growth  investments and acquisitions.By accelerating the acquisition programme  we were able to consolidate our leading position in certain markets  particularly in Public Affairs.As in 2023  this year will be characterised by macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty  as well as ongoing massive changes in technology  society and the climate. In a situation like this  more so than ever before  companies and governments need high-quality data and analysis if they are to understand consumption dynamics and public opinion  and thus inform their decision-making. All of these factors will drive our growth in 2024.In 2024  we will be intensifying our technology investments so we can give our clients more impactful information and do so faster. We will also launch new offers  ensure data quality and security  and make our operating model more effective. Ipsos Facto  our generative AI platform forms the core of this strategy. Accessible to all our employees since June 2023  and now available to our clients  it is based on the best language models on the market – updated in real time with Ipsos data – and our proprietary library of prompts specific to market research professionals.For this year  we are forecasting organic growth over 4%  and an operating profit ofaround 13%. Quarterly growth in activity in 2024 will be very different from that seen in 2023: performance in the 1st quarter of 2024 will benefit from a relatively favourable basis for comparison  but subsequent bases for comparison will become gradually less favourable as the year progresses.Finally  we remain confident in our ability to deliver on the financial targets announced in our strategic plan  “The Heart of Science and Data”.At the General Meeting on 14 May 2024  the Board of Directors will also be proposing a substantially higher dividend payment of €1.65 per share  i.e. an increase of more than 22% representing over 30% of the adjusted net profit per share  compared to €0.90 for 2020  €1.15 for 2021 and €1.35 for 2022. While our priorities in terms of cash allocation remain the pursuit of acquisitions and investments in technology and our panels  we will be continuing our share buyback programme with the intention of cancellation.***Presentation of annual resultsThe annual results for 2023 will be presented on Thursday  22 February 2024 at 8:30 AM CET via webcast and in a published document.If you would like to register  please contact IpsosCommunications@Ipsos.com.A replay will also be made available on Ipsos.comAppendicesConsolidated income statementStatement of financial positionConsolidated cash flow statementStatement of changes in consolidated equityThe complete consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023 are available on Ipsos.comConsolidated income statementAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023In € thousands 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Revenue 2 389 810 2 405 310 Direct costs (777 004) (811 236) Gross margin 1 612 8051 594 074Staff costs (excluding share-based payments) (1 049 836) (1 041 565) Staff costs (share-based payments) * (16 309) (14 355) General operating expenses (214 019) (214 875) Other operating income and expenses (20 281) (8 582) Operating margin 312 359314 697Amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets* (5 961) (7 414) Other non-current income and expenses* (47 293) 3 723 Share of profit or loss of associates (390) (862) Operating profit 258 715310 145Finance costs (13 284) (13 214) Other financial income and expenses (6 977) (3 545) Net profit before tax 238 454293 386Income tax (excluding deferred tax related to goodwill amortisation) (73 089) (70 556) Deferred tax related to goodwill amortisation* 160 (2 249) Income tax (72 929) (72 805) Net profit 165 526 220 581 Attributable to owners of the parent 159 725 215 160 Attributable to non-controlling interests 5 801 5 421 Basic net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent (in euros) 3.67 4.87 Diluted net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent (in euros) 3.59 4.74Adjusted net profit* 234 155 240 341 Attributable to owners of the parent 228 584 232 394 Attributable to non-controlling interests 5 572 7 946 Adjusted net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent 5.25 5.26 Adjusted diluted net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent 5.14 5.12Statement of financial positionAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023In € thousands 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 ASSETS Goodwill 1 351 957 1 370 637 Right-of-use assets 109 372 118 384 Other intangible assets 118 127 110 083 Property  plant and equipment 32 496 33 512 Investment in associates 6 393 6 048 Other non-current financial assets 62 592 59 703 Deferred tax assets 25 431 24 788 Non-current assets 1 706 368 1 723 155 Trade and other receivables 561 958 547 167 Contract assets 129 733 115 872 Current tax 9 671 12 736 Other current assets 67 115 66 522 Financial derivatives - - Cash and cash equivalents 277 911 385 670 Current assets 1 046 388 1 127 967 TOTAL ASSETS 2 752 756 2 851 122 In € thousands 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 LIABILITIES Share capital 10 801 11 063 Share premium 446 174 495 628 Own shares (965) (548) Other reserves 964 926 867 211 Translation differences (164 363) (107 392) Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 159 725 215 160 Equity attributable to owners of the parent 1 416 297 1 481 121 Non-controlling interests 16 353 18 808 Equity 1 432 650 1 499 929 Borrowings and other non-current financial liabilities 374 718 375 256 Non-current lease liabilities 87 492 95 625 Non-current provisions 4 012 4 726 Provisions for post-employment benefits 37 429 35 938 Deferred tax liabilities 63 283 72 831 Other non-current liabilities 47 939 38 011 Non-current liabilities 614 873 622 387 Trade and other payables 337 905 349 970 Borrowings and other current financial liabilities 22 933 79 541 Current lease liabilities 37 070 36 574 Current tax 40 772 23 855 Current provisions 4 789 9 617 Contract liabilities 53 916 51 716 Other current liabilities 207 849 177 533 Current liabilities 705 233 728 806 TOTAL LIABILITIES 2 752 756 2 851 122Consolidated cash flow statementAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023In € thousands 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 OPERATING ACTIVITIES NET PROFIT 165 526 220 581Non-cash items Depreciation and amortisation of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 121 703 88 192 Net profit of equity-accounted companies  net of dividends received 390 862 Loss/(gain) on asset disposals 147 187 Net change in provisions 21 241 (6 623) Share-based payment expense 14 977 13 116 Other non-cash income and expenses (2 816) (4 989) Acquisition costs of consolidated companies 1 804 498 Finance costs 16 965 17 293 Tax charge 72 929 72 805 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE TAX AND FINANCE COSTS 412 865 401 923 Change in working capital requirement (65 246) (14 365) Income tax paid (63 441) (62 511) CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 284 178 325 047 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (58 536) (54 824) Proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 75 594 (Increase)/decrease in financial assets (3 107) (3 114) Acquisitions of consolidated companies and activities  net of cash acquired (46 794) (7 284) CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (108 363) (64 627) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Share capital increases/(reductions) (263) (46) Net (purchases)/sales of own shares (85 498) (29 898) Increase in long-term borrowings 70 035 (985) Decrease in long-term borrowings (127 503) (30 086) Increase in long-term loans to associatesDecrease in long-term loans to associates 1 306 - Increase/(decrease) in bank overdrafts (168) (763) Net repayment of lease liabilities (37 807) (37 480) Net interest paid (12 289) (12 606) Net interest paid on lease obligations (3 719) (4 081) Acquisitions of non-controlling interests (1 060) (2 222) Dividends paid to shareholders of the parent company (58 963) (51 066) Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of consolidated companies (4 092) (1 409) Dividends received from non-consolidated companies CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (260 021) (170 642) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (84 206) 89 778 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalentsDepreciation of the Russian cash(11 522)(12 030)(2 562)OPENING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 385 670 298 454 CLOSING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 277 911 385 670Statement of changes in consolidated equityAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023Equity In € thousands Share capital Share premium Treasury shares Other reserves Translation differences Attributable to shareholders of the company Non-controlling interests Total Position at 1 January 2022 11 109 508 259 (643) 930 147 (115 406) 1 333 466 8 963 1 342 429 Change in share capital (46) - - - - (46) - (46) Dividends paid - - - (51 066) - (51 066) (1 409) (52 475) Effects of acquisitions and commitments to purchase non-controlling interests - - - (7 488) - (7 488) 6 585 (903)Delivery of own shares under the free share allocation plan - (12 631) 33 977 - - 21 347 - 21 347Other movements in own shares - - (33 882) (17 677) - (51 559) - (51 559)Share-based payments recognised directly in equity - - - 13 116 - 13 116 - 13 116Other movements - - - (1 169) - (1 169) (99) (1 268) Transactions with shareholders (46) (12 631) 95 (64 283) - (76 865) 5 077 (71 788) Profit for the year - - - 215 160 - 215 160 5 421 220 581 Other comprehensive income - - - - - - - - Net investments in foreign operations and related hedges- - - - (12 223) (12 223) (997) (13 221) Deferred tax on net investments in foreign operations - - - - 2 774 2 774 - 2 774Change in translation differences - - - - 17 464 17 464 344 17 808 Change in the fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income- - - (735) (735) - (735) Actuarial gains and losses - - - 2 907 - 2 907 - 2 907 Deferred tax on actuarial gains and losses - - - (826) - (826) - (826) Total other comprehensive income - - - 1 346 8 015 9 360 (654) 8 707 Comprehensive income - - - 216 506 8 015 224 520 4 767 229 287 Position at 31 December 2022 11 063 495 628 (548) 1 082 370 (107 392) 1 481 121 18 808 1 499 929Equity In € thousands Share capital Share premium Treasury shares Other reserves Translation differences Attributable to shareholders of the company Non-controlling interests Total Position at 1 January 2023 11 063 495 628 (548) 1 082 370 (107 392) 1 481 121 18 808 1 499 929 Change in share capital (263) - - - - (263) - (263) Dividends paid - - - (58 963) - (58 963) (4 092) (63 055) Effects of acquisitions and commitments to purchase non-controlling interests - - - (38 989) - (38 989) (1 857) (40 846)Delivery of own shares under the free share allocation plan - (49 454) 85 662 (35 650) - 559 - 559Other movements in own shares - - (86 080) - - (86 080) - (86 080)Share-based payments recognised directly in equity - - - 14 977 - 14 977 - 14 977Other movements - - - 1 303 - 1 303 7 1 310 Transactions with shareholders (263) (49 454) (417) (117 321) - (167 455) (5 942) (173 397) Profit for the year - - - 159 725 - 159 725 5 801 165 526 Other comprehensive income - - - - - - - - Fair value revaluation of investments 1 1 1 Net investments in foreign operations and related hedges- - - - 2 043 2 043 (171) 1 872 Deferred tax on net investments in foreign operations - - - - (584) (584) - (584)Change in translation differences - - - - (58 421) (58 421) (2 142) ((60 563) Change in the fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income(361) (361) (361) Actuarial gains and losses - - - 425 - 425 425 Deferred tax on actuarial gains and losses - - - (189) - (189) - (189) Total other comprehensive income - - - (124) (56 962) (57 086) (2 313) (59 400) Comprehensive income - - - 159 601 (56 962) 102 640 3 488 106 127 Position at 31 December 2023 10 801 446 174 (965) 1 124 650 (164 363) 1 416 297 16 353 1 432 650ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally operating in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.com35 rue du Val de Marne75 628 Paris  Cedex 13 FranceTél. + 33 1 41 98 90 00Attachment,neutral,0.44,0.55,0.01,mixed,0.55,0.21,0.24,True,English,"['Growth acceleration', 'high profitability', 'Ipsos', 'Corporate Reputation 4- Pharma', '4th quarter organic growth Organic growth', 'leading market research companies', 'unfavorable exchange rate effects', '1- Brand Health Tracking', 'unfavourable base effects', 'The United States', 'marketing spend optimization', 'double-digit growth rates', 'tangible economic recovery', 'consumer goods sector', 'Annual organic growth', 'new client needs', 'major Covid contracts', 'market positioning activities', 'mystery shopping surveys', 'major Tech clients', 'new growth opportunities', 'excellent growth momentum', '4th quarter revenue', 'perimeter effects', 'new opportunities', 'Market Strategy', 'Total growth', 'lower growth', 'economic headwinds', 'client portfolio', 'new technology', 'public sector', 'excellent momentum', 'excellent results', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'final quarter', 'Growth acceleration', 'Operating profit', 'time high', 'challenging macroeconomic', 'geopolitical context', '714.7 million euros', '2,389.8 million euros', 'Ben Page', 'geographic spread', 'multi-sectoral approach', 'Continental Europe', 'contrasting reality', 'Latin America', 'significant decline', 'gradual improvement', 'generative AI', 'South America', 'Zero-COVID policy', 'South-East Asia', 'Service Lines', 'Creative Excellence', 'Mobility Development', 'Customer Experience', 'Media Development', 'Public Affairs', 'strong momentum', 'high level', 'excellent performance', 'entire region', 'Audience Measurement', 'Ipsos’ model', 'Ipsos UU', 'Ipsos MMA', 'Ipsos Synthesio', 'revenue Contribution', 'strong performance', 'Channel Performance', 'Solid performance', 'high profitability', 'North America', 'business lines', 'qualitative work', 'audience segment', '2023 financial year', 'full year', 'EMEA region', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'Q4', 'Paris', 'world', 'activity', 'guidance', 'impact', 'Group', 'CEO', 'resilience', 'talent', 'commitment', 'teams', 'strengths', 'millions', 'Americas', 'regions', 'countries', 'France', 'Belgium', 'demand', 'trend', 'China', 'country', 'India', 'Consumers1', 'employees2', 'Citizens3', 'Doctors', 'patients4', 'Breakdown', 'Innovation', 'Understanding', 'Observer', 'Strategy3', 'Automotive', 'Shopper', 'ERM', 'Capabilities', 'regard', 'drop', '2024', '€']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,globenewswire.com
36516,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSOS-4663/news/Ipsos-Growth-acceleration-and-maintained-high-profitability-in-2023-45999567/,Ipsos: Growth acceleration and maintained high profitability in 2023 -February 21  2024 at 11:50 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Growth acceleration and maintained high profitability in 2023 Organic growth: 8.8% in Q4 and 3% for the yearOperating profit: 13.1% Paris  21 February 2024 – Ipsos  one of the world’s leading market research companies  confirmed the accel…,Growth accelerationand maintained high profitability in 2023Organic growth: 8.8% in Q4 and 3% for the yearOperating profit: 13.1%Paris  21 February 2024 – Ipsos  one of the world’s leading market research companies  confirmed the acceleration of its activity in the 4th quarter of 2023 and posted organic growth of 8.8% (after -2.8% in the 1st quarter  0.5% in the 2nd quarter and 4.3% in the 3rd quarter)  meeting our guidance for the year. Organic growth for the 2023 financial year therefore reached 3% (4% excluding the impact of COVID contracts ending). The operating profit remained stable at an all-time high of 13.1%  demonstrating the Group’s ability to maintain its profitability in a challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical context.The 4th quarter revenue amounts to 714.7 million euros  up by 4.8%. For the year  it reaches 2 389.8 million euros  down 0.6% due to unfavorable exchange rate effects(-3.9%) which more than offset the organic growth (3%) and perimeter effects (0.3%).Ben Page  CEO of Ipsos  says: “We improved in 2023 despite economic headwinds  proving the resilience of Ipsos’ model. Thanks to our geographic spread  our multi-sectoral approach  client portfolio and new technology  we can feel confident as we step into 2024. Combined with the talent and commitment of our teams  these strengths are exactly what we need to keep responding to new client needs and seizing new growth opportunities.”PERFORMANCE BY QUARTER2023 vs 2022 In € millions 2023revenue Totalgrowth Organicgrowth 1st quarter 532.0 -2.9% -2.8% 2nd quarter 555.1 -3.3% 0.5% 3rd quarter 588.0 -2.3% 4.3% 4th quarter 714.7 4.8% 8.8% Revenue 2 389.8 -0.6% 3.0%PERFORMANCE BY REGIONIn € millions 2023revenue Contribution 4th quarterorganic growth Organicgrowth(2023 vs 2022) EMEA 1 026.6 43% 11.2% 4.1% Americas 956.4 40% 7.7% 1.7% Asia-Pacific 406.8 17% 5.5% 3.5% Revenue 2 389.8 100% 8.8% 3.0%All regions showed excellent growth momentum in the 4th quarter and grew over the year.From the 3rd quarter onwards  activity in the EMEA region was free from unfavourable base effects caused by the end of major Covid contracts  and it showed excellent momentum with organic growth of 11.2% in the final quarter. Annual organic growth of 4.1% was largely driven by Continental Europe  where countries like France and Belgium reported excellent results.Activity in the Americas showed organic growth of 1.7% in 2023. This reflects a contrasting reality between the strong performance of Latin America (above 8%) and lower growth in North America (close to 1%). The United States was affected by the significant decline in demand by major Tech clients. However  we did see a gradual improvement in demand from these clients over the final quarter. This trend remains to be confirmed in 2024  primarily with new opportunities offered by generative AI. Overall  the final quarter in the Americas showed organic growth of over 7.5%  both in North and South America.Lastly  the Asia-Pacific region posted organic growth of around 5.5% for the quarter and 3.5% for the full year. With no tangible economic recovery in China following the end of the Zero-COVID policy  our activity in the country stagnated  which hindered performance for the entire region. Conversely  India and South-East Asia maintained their momentum with double-digit growth rates.PERFORMANCE BY AUDIENCEIn € millions 2023revenue Contribution 4th quarterorganic growth Organic growth(2023 vs 2022) Consumers1 1 126.8 47% 12.8% 7.1% Clients and employees2 530.0 22% 2.5% 0.1% Citizens3 351.2 15% 2.3% -5.0% Doctors and patients4 381.8 16% 12.4% 3.6% Revenue 2 389.8 100% 8.8% 3.0%Breakdown of Service Lines by audience segment:1- Brand Health Tracking  Creative Excellence  Innovation  Ipsos UU  Ipsos MMA  Market Strategy & Understanding  Observer (excl. public sector)  Ipsos Synthesio  Strategy32- Automotive & Mobility Development  Audience Measurement  Customer Experience  Channel Performance (Mystery Shopping and Shopper)  Media Development  ERM  Capabilities3- Public Affairs  Corporate Reputation4- Pharma (quantitative and qualitative)Our activities with consumers showed very strong momentum both in the 4th quarter (+12.8%) and throughout 2023 (+7.1%). This reflects excellent performance from our business lines with regard to brand health tracking  marketing spend optimization and market positioning activities  as well as our qualitative work. Solid performance in the consumer goods sector also helped maintain the high level of activity in this segment.Our activity with clients and employees was stable throughout the year. Customer experience and mystery shopping surveys recorded strong performance  even if this audience segment was adversely affected in 2023 by the drop in demand from major Tech clients.Our activity with citizens was down 5%  due mainly to major COVID contracts ending. Our business relating specifically to the public sector other than COVID contracts performed well and posted organic growth of more than 8%.Finally  our activity with doctors and patients continued on its path of improvement throughout 2023  with organic growth of 9% in the 2nd semester  of which 12% was achieved in the final quarter. Initially affected early in the year by shifts in decision-making from certain clients in the pharmaceutical industry  this activity did regain its momentum. One example in particular was our high added-value services offering  as well as our solutions for targeting and segmenting patients and prescribers.FINANCIAL PERFORMANCESummary income statementIn € millions 2023 2022 Change(2023 vs 2022) Revenue 2 389.8 2 405.3 -0.6% Gross margin 1 612.8 1 594.1 1.2% Gross margin/Revenue 67.5% 66.3% 1.2 pt Operating profit 312.4 314.7 -0.7% Operating profit/Revenue 13.1% 13.1% 0.0 pt Other non-current/recurring income and expenses -47.3 3.7 Finance costs -13.3 -13.2 0.5% Other finance costs -7.0 -3.5 96.8% Income tax -72.9 -72.8 0.2% Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 159.7 215.2 -25.8% Adjusted net profit* attributable to owners of the parent 228.6 232.4 -1.6%*Adjusted net profit is calculated before (i) non-monetary items related to IFRS 2 (Share-based Payment)  (ii) the amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets (client relations)  (iii) the impact of other non-current income and expenses  net of tax  (iv) the non-monetary impact of changes in puts and other financial income and expenses  and (v) deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill for which amortisation is deductible in some countries. It is in particular adjusted for the provisions related to Russia.Income statement itemsThe gross margin rose by 120 basis points to 67.5%  compared to 66.3% in 2022. This increase was mainly attributable to (i) a favourable mix effect related to very strong momentum from higher margin segments like Ipsos.Digital  Marketing Management Analytics activities and qualitative surveys  (ii) the structural continuation of the increase in the proportion of online surveys  which rose from 65% in 2022 to 66% in 2023  (iii) the Group’s ability to maintain its prices in a context of inflation  and (iv) the definitive end of large covid contracts in early 2022 (for which collection costs were above average).With regard to operating costs  the payroll remained under control at less than 1% growth  despite the persisting impact of inflation on salaries in some countries. Given the context of uncertainty  throughout 2023 we adapted our staff numbers based on the activity in each of our markets. At 31 December 2023  Ipsos had 19 701 employees  a 2.3% decrease compared to 31 December 2022. The payroll-to-gross-margin ratio improved to 65.1% compared to 65.3% in 2022. This ratio was 67% in 2019 before COVID  which allowed us to achieve structural productivity gains. The cost of variable compensation in shares rose to €16.3 million compared to €14.4 million in 2022 due to the increased share price.Overhead costs were down slightly (-0.4%) despite the inflationary context. While we continued to increase current expenditure on IT  our other overhead items were stable or down – particularly professional fees and travel expenses. The ratio of overhead to gross margin improved to 13.3% compared to 13.5% in 2022  also remaining significantly lower than its pre-pandemic level (17% in 2019).Other operating income and expenses  consisting mainly of severance costs  showed a net cost of €20.3 million. In 2023  we adopted our operating model based on the level of activity in each of our markets  especially in the United States due to the drop in major Tech clients.Overall  the Group’s operating profit once again reached the high level of 13.1% achieved in 2022.Below the operating profit  the amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets refers to the portion of goodwill allocated to client relations in particular. This allocation came to €6.0 million.The balance of other non-current and non-recurring income and expenses came to a net cost of €47.3 million. Since July 31  2023  a draft law aiming to impose strong restrictions on companies researching the structure of consumer goods markets in Russia came under review at the Duma. Even though uncertainties remain about the law’s final content and its implementation schedule  the draft law plans  at this point  among other restrictive provisions  to limit foreign ownership of such companies to a 20% shareholding. Considering the risks that this draft law poses to our business continuity in Russia  even though it is not clearly established that its purpose includes Ipsos' business  we have  as a precaution  decided to write off the entirety of the net asset linked to our local subsidiary  representing an amount of 59 million euros. Our activities in Russia account for less than 2% of the Group's revenue.Finance costs. The net interest expense came to €13.3 million compared to €13.2 million last year – the effects of the rise in interest rates on financial income and expenses balanced each other out overall.Other net financial income and expenses showed a net cost of €7.0 million  including €3.7 million related to financial expenses as a result of applying IFRS 16.The effective tax rate on the IFRS income statement was 30.6% compared to 24.8% last year. This rate would be 24 5% excluding the impact of provisions related to Russia.Net profit attributable to owners of the parent came to €160 million compared to €215 million in 2022  impacted by 59 million euros due to the depreciation of Ipsos' net asset in Russia.Adjusted net profit attributable to owners of the parent came to €229 million compared to €232 million in 2022. For the second half of the year  it increased by 24 million euros  or 17%.Financial structureCash flow from operations came to €413 million compared to €402 million in 2022  up €11 million.The working capital requirement saw a negative change of €65 million. A significant portion of our growth in 2023 was achieved in the final quarter. Cash generation associated with this revenue extended partly to the start of 2024.Investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets consisted mainly of investments in IT infrastructure  technology and R&D. Amounting to €59 million  these were up €4 million compared to 2022. This was in line with the 2025 strategic plan  which calls for an increase in our investments in platforms  our proprietary panels and generative AI tools. The pace of these investments will be stepped up in 2024.Overall  free cash flow from operations came to €169 million  down €45 million compared to last year  mainly due to the growth momentum in the fourth quarter.As for non-current investments  Ipsos stepped up the pace of its external growth policy in 2023  investing €48 million in the acquisition of NVCS in the US  Behaviour & Attitudes in Ireland  CBG in New Zealand  Big Village in Australia  Xperity in the US  Omedia in West Africa and Shanghai Focus RX in China. In January 2024  the acquisitions of Jarmany in Great Britain and I&O in the Netherlands were added to this list.Lastly  our financing activities in 2023 included the following:Continuation of the share buyback programme with the intention of cancellation for an amount of €50 million  representing 1 050 000 cancelled shares  in addition to the usual share buybacks as part of our free share plans amounting to €36 million.for an amount of €50 million  representing 1 050 000 cancelled shares  in addition to the usual share buybacks as part of our free share plans amounting to €36 million. Repayments of the “Schuldschein” loan taken out in 2016 for an amount of €39 million and $42 million.Dividend payments of €59 million.Shareholders’ equity stood at €1 433 million at 31 December 2023  compared to €1 500 million at 31 December 2022.Net financial debt came to €120 million  up €51 million compared to 31 December 2022. The company’s balance sheet remained very healthy  and the leverage ratio (calculated excluding the impact of IFRS 16) was 0.3 times EBITDA (compared to 0.2 times at 31 December 2022).Cash position. Cash at 31 December 2023 was €278 million. The Group also had almost €500 million in credit lines payable after more than one year  allowing it to prepare for its debt maturities in 2024 (€20 million in bilateral lines) and September 2025 (€300 million in bond issues).OUTLOOK 2024Ipsos improved in 2023 despite headwinds caused by major Covid contracts ending  a drop in demand from major Tech clients and more generally a challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical environment. By maintaining a high operating profit  the Group confirmed the resilience of its operating model and its ability to adapt to uncertain environments. With hardly any debt  the Group is in an excellent position to continue financing its growth  investments and acquisitions.By accelerating the acquisition programme  we were able to consolidate our leading position in certain markets  particularly in Public Affairs.As in 2023  this year will be characterised by macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty  as well as ongoing massive changes in technology  society and the climate. In a situation like this  more so than ever before  companies and governments need high-quality data and analysis if they are to understand consumption dynamics and public opinion  and thus inform their decision-making. All of these factors will drive our growth in 2024.In 2024  we will be intensifying our technology investments so we can give our clients more impactful information and do so faster. We will also launch new offers  ensure data quality and security  and make our operating model more effective. Ipsos Facto  our generative AI platform forms the core of this strategy. Accessible to all our employees since June 2023  and now available to our clients  it is based on the best language models on the market – updated in real time with Ipsos data – and our proprietary library of prompts specific to market research professionals.For this year  we are forecasting organic growth over 4%  and an operating profit ofaround 13%. Quarterly growth in activity in 2024 will be very different from that seen in 2023: performance in the 1st quarter of 2024 will benefit from a relatively favourable basis for comparison  but subsequent bases for comparison will become gradually less favourable as the year progresses.Finally  we remain confident in our ability to deliver on the financial targets announced in our strategic plan  “The Heart of Science and Data”.At the General Meeting on 14 May 2024  the Board of Directors will also be proposing a substantially higher dividend payment of €1.65 per share  i.e. an increase of more than 22% representing over 30% of the adjusted net profit per share  compared to €0.90 for 2020  €1.15 for 2021 and €1.35 for 2022. While our priorities in terms of cash allocation remain the pursuit of acquisitions and investments in technology and our panels  we will be continuing our share buyback programme with the intention of cancellation.***Presentation of annual resultsThe annual results for 2023 will be presented on Thursday  22 February 2024 at 8:30 AM CET via webcast and in a published document.If you would like to register  please contact IpsosCommunications@Ipsos.com.A replay will also be made available on Ipsos.comAppendicesConsolidated income statementStatement of financial positionConsolidated cash flow statementStatement of changes in consolidated equityThe complete consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023 are available on Ipsos.comConsolidated income statementAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023In € thousands 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Revenue 2 389 810 2 405 310 Direct costs (777 004) (811 236) Gross margin 1 612 8051 594 074Staff costs (excluding share-based payments) (1 049 836) (1 041 565) Staff costs (share-based payments) * (16 309) (14 355) General operating expenses (214 019) (214 875) Other operating income and expenses (20 281) (8 582) Operating margin 312 359314 697Amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets* (5 961) (7 414) Other non-current income and expenses* (47 293) 3 723 Share of profit or loss of associates (390) (862) Operating profit 258 715310 145Finance costs (13 284) (13 214) Other financial income and expenses (6 977) (3 545) Net profit before tax 238 454293 386Income tax (excluding deferred tax related to goodwill amortisation) (73 089) (70 556) Deferred tax related to goodwill amortisation* 160 (2 249) Income tax (72 929) (72 805) Net profit 165 526 220 581 Attributable to owners of the parent 159 725 215 160 Attributable to non-controlling interests 5 801 5 421 Basic net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent (in euros) 3.67 4.87 Diluted net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent (in euros) 3.59 4.74Adjusted net profit* 234 155 240 341 Attributable to owners of the parent 228 584 232 394 Attributable to non-controlling interests 5 572 7 946 Adjusted net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent 5.25 5.26 Adjusted diluted net profit per share attributable to owners of the parent 5.14 5.12Statement of financial positionAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023In € thousands 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 ASSETS Goodwill 1 351 957 1 370 637 Right-of-use assets 109 372 118 384 Other intangible assets 118 127 110 083 Property  plant and equipment 32 496 33 512 Investment in associates 6 393 6 048 Other non-current financial assets 62 592 59 703 Deferred tax assets 25 431 24 788 Non-current assets 1 706 368 1 723 155 Trade and other receivables 561 958 547 167 Contract assets 129 733 115 872 Current tax 9 671 12 736 Other current assets 67 115 66 522 Financial derivatives - - Cash and cash equivalents 277 911 385 670 Current assets 1 046 388 1 127 967 TOTAL ASSETS 2 752 756 2 851 122 In € thousands 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 LIABILITIES Share capital 10 801 11 063 Share premium 446 174 495 628 Own shares (965) (548) Other reserves 964 926 867 211 Translation differences (164 363) (107 392) Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 159 725 215 160 Equity attributable to owners of the parent 1 416 297 1 481 121 Non-controlling interests 16 353 18 808 Equity 1 432 650 1 499 929 Borrowings and other non-current financial liabilities 374 718 375 256 Non-current lease liabilities 87 492 95 625 Non-current provisions 4 012 4 726 Provisions for post-employment benefits 37 429 35 938 Deferred tax liabilities 63 283 72 831 Other non-current liabilities 47 939 38 011 Non-current liabilities 614 873 622 387 Trade and other payables 337 905 349 970 Borrowings and other current financial liabilities 22 933 79 541 Current lease liabilities 37 070 36 574 Current tax 40 772 23 855 Current provisions 4 789 9 617 Contract liabilities 53 916 51 716 Other current liabilities 207 849 177 533 Current liabilities 705 233 728 806 TOTAL LIABILITIES 2 752 756 2 851 122Consolidated cash flow statementAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023In € thousands 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 OPERATING ACTIVITIES NET PROFIT 165 526 220 581Non-cash items Depreciation and amortisation of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 121 703 88 192 Net profit of equity-accounted companies  net of dividends received 390 862 Loss/(gain) on asset disposals 147 187 Net change in provisions 21 241 (6 623) Share-based payment expense 14 977 13 116 Other non-cash income and expenses (2 816) (4 989) Acquisition costs of consolidated companies 1 804 498 Finance costs 16 965 17 293 Tax charge 72 929 72 805 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE TAX AND FINANCE COSTS 412 865 401 923 Change in working capital requirement (65 246) (14 365) Income tax paid (63 441) (62 511) CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 284 178 325 047 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (58 536) (54 824) Proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 75 594 (Increase)/decrease in financial assets (3 107) (3 114) Acquisitions of consolidated companies and activities  net of cash acquired (46 794) (7 284) CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (108 363) (64 627) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Share capital increases/(reductions) (263) (46) Net (purchases)/sales of own shares (85 498) (29 898) Increase in long-term borrowings 70 035 (985) Decrease in long-term borrowings (127 503) (30 086) Increase in long-term loans to associatesDecrease in long-term loans to associates 1 306 - Increase/(decrease) in bank overdrafts (168) (763) Net repayment of lease liabilities (37 807) (37 480) Net interest paid (12 289) (12 606) Net interest paid on lease obligations (3 719) (4 081) Acquisitions of non-controlling interests (1 060) (2 222) Dividends paid to shareholders of the parent company (58 963) (51 066) Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of consolidated companies (4 092) (1 409) Dividends received from non-consolidated companies CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (260 021) (170 642) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (84 206) 89 778 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalentsDepreciation of the Russian cash(11 522)(12 030)(2 562)OPENING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 385 670 298 454 CLOSING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 277 911 385 670Statement of changes in consolidated equityAnnual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023Equity In € thousands Share capital Share premium Treasury shares Other reserves Translation differences Attributable to shareholders of the company Non-controlling interests Total Position at 1 January 2022 11 109 508 259 (643) 930 147 (115 406) 1 333 466 8 963 1 342 429 Change in share capital (46) - - - - (46) - (46) Dividends paid - - - (51 066) - (51 066) (1 409) (52 475) Effects of acquisitions and commitments to purchase non-controlling interests - - - (7 488) - (7 488) 6 585 (903)Delivery of own shares under the free share allocation plan - (12 631) 33 977 - - 21 347 - 21 347Other movements in own shares - - (33 882) (17 677) - (51 559) - (51 559)Share-based payments recognised directly in equity - - - 13 116 - 13 116 - 13 116Other movements - - - (1 169) - (1 169) (99) (1 268) Transactions with shareholders (46) (12 631) 95 (64 283) - (76 865) 5 077 (71 788) Profit for the year - - - 215 160 - 215 160 5 421 220 581 Other comprehensive income - - - - - - - - Net investments in foreign operations and related hedges- - - - (12 223) (12 223) (997) (13 221) Deferred tax on net investments in foreign operations - - - - 2 774 2 774 - 2 774Change in translation differences - - - - 17 464 17 464 344 17 808 Change in the fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income- - - (735) (735) - (735) Actuarial gains and losses - - - 2 907 - 2 907 - 2 907 Deferred tax on actuarial gains and losses - - - (826) - (826) - (826) Total other comprehensive income - - - 1 346 8 015 9 360 (654) 8 707 Comprehensive income - - - 216 506 8 015 224 520 4 767 229 287 Position at 31 December 2022 11 063 495 628 (548) 1 082 370 (107 392) 1 481 121 18 808 1 499 929Equity In € thousands Share capital Share premium Treasury shares Other reserves Translation differences Attributable to shareholders of the company Non-controlling interests Total Position at 1 January 2023 11 063 495 628 (548) 1 082 370 (107 392) 1 481 121 18 808 1 499 929 Change in share capital (263) - - - - (263) - (263) Dividends paid - - - (58 963) - (58 963) (4 092) (63 055) Effects of acquisitions and commitments to purchase non-controlling interests - - - (38 989) - (38 989) (1 857) (40 846)Delivery of own shares under the free share allocation plan - (49 454) 85 662 (35 650) - 559 - 559Other movements in own shares - - (86 080) - - (86 080) - (86 080)Share-based payments recognised directly in equity - - - 14 977 - 14 977 - 14 977Other movements - - - 1 303 - 1 303 7 1 310 Transactions with shareholders (263) (49 454) (417) (117 321) - (167 455) (5 942) (173 397) Profit for the year - - - 159 725 - 159 725 5 801 165 526 Other comprehensive income - - - - - - - - Fair value revaluation of investments 1 1 1 Net investments in foreign operations and related hedges- - - - 2 043 2 043 (171) 1 872 Deferred tax on net investments in foreign operations - - - - (584) (584) - (584)Change in translation differences - - - - (58 421) (58 421) (2 142) ((60 563) Change in the fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income(361) (361) (361) Actuarial gains and losses - - - 425 - 425 425 Deferred tax on actuarial gains and losses - - - (189) - (189) - (189) Total other comprehensive income - - - (124) (56 962) (57 086) (2 313) (59 400) Comprehensive income - - - 159 601 (56 962) 102 640 3 488 106 127 Position at 31 December 2023 10 801 446 174 (965) 1 124 650 (164 363) 1 416 297 16 353 1 432 650ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally operating in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.com35 rue du Val de Marne75 628 Paris  Cedex 13 FranceTél. + 33 1 41 98 90 00Attachment,neutral,0.24,0.74,0.02,mixed,0.55,0.21,0.24,True,English,"['Growth acceleration', 'high profitability', 'Ipsos', 'February', '11:50', 'Corporate Reputation 4- Pharma', '4th quarter organic growth Organic growth', 'leading market research companies', 'unfavorable exchange rate effects', '1- Brand Health Tracking', 'unfavourable base effects', 'The United States', 'marketing spend optimization', 'double-digit growth rates', 'tangible economic recovery', 'consumer goods sector', 'Annual organic growth', 'new client needs', 'major Covid contracts', 'market positioning activities', 'mystery shopping surveys', 'major Tech clients', 'new growth opportunities', 'excellent growth momentum', '4th quarter revenue', 'perimeter effects', 'new opportunities', 'Market Strategy', 'Total growth', 'lower growth', 'economic headwinds', 'client portfolio', 'new technology', 'public sector', 'excellent momentum', 'excellent results', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'final quarter', 'Growth acceleration', 'Operating profit', 'time high', 'challenging macroeconomic', 'geopolitical context', '714.7 million euros', '2,389.8 million euros', 'Ben Page', 'geographic spread', 'multi-sectoral approach', 'Continental Europe', 'contrasting reality', 'Latin America', 'significant decline', 'gradual improvement', 'generative AI', 'South America', 'Zero-COVID policy', 'South-East Asia', 'Service Lines', 'Creative Excellence', 'Mobility Development', 'Customer Experience', 'Media Development', 'Public Affairs', 'strong momentum', 'high level', 'excellent performance', 'entire region', 'Audience Measurement', 'Ipsos’ model', 'Ipsos UU', 'Ipsos MMA', 'Ipsos Synthesio', 'revenue Contribution', 'strong performance', 'Channel Performance', 'Solid performance', 'high profitability', 'North America', 'business lines', 'qualitative work', 'audience segment', '2023 financial year', 'full year', 'EMEA region', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'Q4', 'Paris', 'world', 'activity', 'guidance', 'impact', 'Group', 'CEO', 'resilience', 'talent', 'commitment', 'teams', 'strengths', 'millions', 'Americas', 'regions', 'countries', 'France', 'Belgium', 'demand', 'trend', 'China', 'country', 'India', 'Consumers1', 'employees2', 'Citizens3', 'Doctors', 'patients4', 'Breakdown', 'Innovation', 'Understanding', 'Observer', 'Strategy3', 'Automotive', 'Shopper', 'ERM', 'Capabilities', 'regard', 'drop', '2024', '€']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36517,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMG-CRITICAL-MATERIALS-N--55482/news/AMG-Reports-Record-Setting-Earnings-for-the-Full-Year-2023-45999911/,AMG Reports Record-Setting Earnings for the Full Year 2023,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  21 February 2024 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. reported record-setting adjusted EBITDA $350 million in 2023  due largely to strong profitability in our lithium and vanadium businesses. Fourth quarter 2023 revenue was $367 mil…,Amsterdam  21 February 2024(Regulated Information) --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) reported record-setting adjusted EBITDA $350 million in 2023  due largely to strong profitability in our lithium and vanadium businesses. Fourth quarter 2023 revenue was $367 million  a 6% decrease versus the fourth quarter of 2022. Fourth quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $71 million decreased 32% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022.Cash from operating activities was $223 million in 2023  the highest in AMG’s history  and 33% higher than the $168 million in 2022.In 000’s US dollars Q4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Revenue $367 235 $390 004 (6%) $1 625 861 $1 642 774 (1%) Adjusted EBITDA (1) 71 142 104 061 (32%) 350 491 342 550 2% Cash from operating activities 44 704 56 969 (22%) 223 000 167 567 33% Return on Capital Employed 26.3% 30.8% 26.3% 30.8%Note:(1) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBIT adjusted for depreciation and amortization.Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch  Chairman of the Management Board and CEO  said  “AMG has achieved the highest adjusted EBITDA in its 16 year history with $350 million for the full year 2023. Market conditions for all products within our portfolio substantially weakened as the year progressed. The 32% decrease in adjusted EBITDA compared to the fourth quarter of 2022 was driven in large part by the global decline in metal prices within our portfolio  predominantly the lithium price decline. The average quarterly prices of lithium carbonate and ferrovanadium decreased over 76% and 26%  respectively  versus the average pricing in the fourth quarter of 2022.Cash from operating activities was $223 million in 2023  the highest in AMG’s history  and 33% higher than the $168 million in 2022. We were $38 million free cash flow positive for the year despite investing $169 million in capital projects as well as acquiring a 25% stake in Zinnwald in 2023. This underscores our low-cost position in both lithium and vanadium. We ended the year in a $323 million net debt position  and continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate sources of liquidity. As of December 31  2023  the Company had $345 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and $195 million available on its revolving credit facility. As such  AMG had $540 million of total liquidity as of December 31  2023. AMG continues to benefit from its low-cost fixed-rate debt facilities  and has an average interest rate charge across its two main debt instruments of 5%.AMG Engineering signed $350 million in new orders during 2023  the highest full year order intake in AMG’s history  and 24% higher than in 2022. This record order intake was driven by strong orders of remelting and heat treatment furnaces  representing a 1.27x book to bill ratio. AMG’s order backlog was $295 million as of December 31  2023.Through its critical materials science-based solutions  AMG  as its mission  seeks to contribute to CO 2 reduction by way of “enabling” its customers to increase the efficiency of renewable energy production  and to “enable” energy saving strategies. We measure the enabled contribution to CO 2 reduction at our customer level via stringent third-party developed life cycle assessments. We based this mission on the belief that in this obviously high growth environment  we could achieve both above average financial returns and use our proprietary technologies to be at the forefront of the industrial contribution to atmospheric CO 2 reduction. Our Enabling CO 2 Reduction Portfolio (ECO 2 RP) in 2023 enabled 110.3 million tons of CO 2 reduction  11% more than the 99.4 million tons of enabled CO 2 reduction in 2022.”LithiumIn Brazil  our lithium concentrate plant will temporarily stop production for the change-over period in March 2024 in order to facilitate the expansion from 90 000 tons to 130 000 tons. We expect to produce 93 000 tons for the full year of 2024 and will operate at the full expanded capacity rate  or 130 000 tons per year  in the fourth quarter of 2024.AMG’s lithium hydroxide refinery’s first 20 000-ton module in Bitterfeld  Germany  is in advanced phases of commissioning  and the product qualification process is planned to start in the third quarter of 2024.VanadiumThe Zanesville  Ohio facility exceeded our target production volumes in the fourth quarter of 2023. The production from both the roasting operation and the melt shop exceeded historical averages achieved by the Cambridge  Ohio operation.Enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022  AMG Vanadium qualified for Section 45X effective from 2023 onwards  which provides a production credit for domestic manufacturing of critical materials. Based on preliminary regulations as issued by the IRS  AMG expects to receive a subsidy of approximately $6 million for full year 2023. The ruling is still in the comment period and  as such  is subject to a final determination.AMG’s innovative lithium vanadium battery (“LIVA”) projects are integral for industrial power management applications and accelerate the energy transition. The batteries are currently under various stages of bidding and development. One is operational  three are currently under contract and being engineered  and 15 are in bidding and development stages  with a total megawatt hour (MWh) capacity of 749 MWh.AMG LIVA has agreed to acquire the Vanadium Redox Flow Battery (“VRFB”) activities from J.M. VOITH SE & CO. KG (“VOITH”). VOITH has developed an advanced technology for controlling and balancing large-scale high-voltage VRFB energy storage systems. The technology complements LIVA’s VRFB system development. LIVA will continue to develop the technology and integrate it into its large-scale energy storage systems.The vanadium electrolyte plant at AMG Titanium in Nuremberg  Germany is under construction. The target capacity is 6 000 m³ vanadium electrolyte  the equivalent of approximately 100 MWh  which will serve the electricity storage market  including a vertical integration into LIVA batteries. We expect to have nameplate capacity available by the second half of 2024.AMG Vanadium has acquired the processing technologies and IP related activities from Transformation Technologies Inc. (“TTI”)  a US company based in Oregon. This unique thermal treatment of spent catalyst and other oil refinery wastes into valuable products is complementary to AMG’s existing spent catalyst processing technology and know-how. AMG will integrate the TTI technology into its global strategic growth initiatives conducted through Shell & AMG Recycling (“SARBV”).SARBV’s “Supercenter” project in the Middle East is a facility to produce high-purity vanadium oxides for applications such as chemicals and aerospace as well as vanadium electrolyte for the long duration energy storage market in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The facility will operate under a long-term supply contract with Saudi Aramco for vanadium-containing gasification ash from its power plants in the Kingdom. For illustration purposes  Phase 1 of the Supercenter plans to produce 8 million pounds of vanadium oxide from 7 000 metric tons of gasification ash located at a site in Jubail  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The FEL3 basic engineering has been submitted. The full Supercenter project will also include the processing of spent catalysts  a Fresh Catalyst R&D facility and a LIVA Hybrid Energy Storage System.Financial HighlightsAMG’s full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA was a record-setting $350 million due largely to high profitability in our lithium and vanadium businesses  offset by lower profit in AMG Critical Minerals.Cash from operating activities was $223 million in 2023  compared to $168 million in 2022  largely driven by the lithium and vanadium expansion projects as well as strong cash flows from our Silicon business driven by energy sales.AMG’s free cash flow (1) was $38 million in 2023.was $38 million in 2023. AMG’s liquidity as of December 31  2023 was $540 million  with $345 million of unrestricted cash and $195 million of revolving credit availability.Annualized return on capital employed was 26.3% for 2023  compared to 30.8% in 2022.AMG Engineering signed $350 million in new orders during 2023  the highest in AMG’s history and 24% higher than in 2022.The total 2023 dividend proposed is €0.60 per ordinary share  including the interim dividend of €0.40  paid on August 9  2023.Note:(1) Free cash flow is defined as cash flows from operating activities less cash flows used in investing activities.Key FiguresIn 000’s US dollars Q4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Revenue $367 235 $390 004 (6%) $1 625 861 $1 642 774 (1%) Gross profit 55 252 119 981 (54%) 389 431 409 486 (5%) Gross margin 15.0% 30.8% 24.0% 24.9% Operating profit 19 503 82 319 (76%) 221 752 307 059 (28%) Operating margin 5.3% 21.1% 13.6% 18.7% Net income attributable to shareholders 2 173 60 697 (96%) 101 320 187 589 (46%) EPS - Fully diluted 0.07 1.85 (96%) 3.12 5.73 (46%) EBIT (1) 56 706 91 719 (38%) 295 855 297 251 —% Adjusted EBITDA (2) 71 142 104 061 (32%) 350 491 342 550 2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 19.4% 26.7% 21.6% 20.9% Cash from operating activities 44 704 56 969 (22%) 223 000 167 567 33%Notes:(1) EBIT is defined as earnings before interest and income taxes. EBIT excludes restructuring  asset impairment  inventory cost adjustments  environmental provisions  exceptional legal expenses and other exceptional items  equity-settled share-based payments  and strategic expenses.(2) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBIT adjusted for depreciation and amortization.Operational ReviewAMG Clean Energy MaterialsQ4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Revenue $157 594 $176 065 (10%) $725 505 $667 804 9% Gross profit 35 112 81 583 (57%) 274 387 267 862 2% Operating profit 28 576 69 779 (59%) 217 309 222 590 (2%) Adjusted EBITDA 55 924 80 347 (30%) 297 190 259 480 15%AMG Clean Energy Materials’ revenue decreased 10% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022  to $158 million  driven mainly by the 76% and 26% decrease in prices for lithium carbonate and ferrovanadium  respectively  since the fourth quarter of 2022. This price decrease was partially offset by increased volumes in vanadium and lithium. Higher average annual prices for spodumene as well as higher sales volumes of vanadium  lithium concentrate  and tantalum propelled revenue for the segment 9% higher on a full year basis. In 2023  ferrovanadium and tantalum concentrate sales increased 45% and 56%  respectively  versus the prior year.Gross profit for the quarter decreased 57% compared to the same period in the prior year  primarily due to the lower sales prices. The primary driver was the lithium price decline  which fell 76% since the fourth quarter of 2022. Full year gross profit increased 2% compared to 2022  due to the higher prices and volumes noted above.SG&A expenses of $67 million in 2023 were 47% higher than in 2022  mainly driven by the increase in headcount related to the lithium and vanadium expansion projects  as well as higher employee benefit costs  professional fees and research and development costs.The fourth quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA decreased 30%  to $56 million  from $80 million in the fourth quarter of 2022  due to the decline in metal prices as noted above. Full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA  however  was 15% higher than in 2022  driven by higher prices and higher volumes as well as the incremental dividend noted below.Enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022  AMG Vanadium qualifies for Section 45X which provides a production credit for domestic manufacturing of critical materials from 2023 onwards. Based on preliminary regulations as issued by the IRS  AMG expects to receive a subsidy of approximately $6 million for full year 2023. This subsidy is included in gross profit. The ruling is still in the comment period and  as such  is subject to a final determination.AMG received a $10 million dividend from an equity investment which is included in adjusted EBITDA.During the fourth quarter of 2023  a total of 29 706 dry metric tons (“dmt”) of lithium concentrates were sold  39% higher than the 21 329 dmt in the fourth quarter of 2022 due to shipping variances in 2023. The average realized sales price was $1 943/dmt CIF China for the quarter. The average cost per ton for the quarter was $498/dmt CIF China.During 2023  a total of 95 097 dry metric tons (“dmt”) of lithium concentrates were sold  an increase of 8 384 dmt versus 2022. The average realized sales price for 2023 was $3 160/dmt CIF China  an increase of $355/dmt over 2022. The average cost per ton for 2023 was $475/dmt CIF China.It is important to note that fourth quarter pricing benefited from the timing lag experienced related to the contractual pricing agreements with our lithium concentrate customers. The prices of lithium concentrate and lithium carbonate have declined 56% and 41%  respectively  since the end of the third quarter 2023.In 2024  we anticipate the cost per ton to rise due to unabsorbed costs during the ramp-up as well as lower relative tantalum sales volumes offsetting higher spodumene production. AMG is one of the lowest cost lithium concentrate mines in the world and we plan to maintain that position.AMG Critical MineralsQ4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Revenue $54 903 $69 242 (21%) $227 696 $364 502 (38%) Gross (loss) profit (6) 19 017 N/A 21 953 46 721 (53%) Operating (loss) profit (7 407) 10 961 N/A (6 872) 63 995 N/A Adjusted EBITDA 1 618 14 001 (88%) 6 947 38 280 (82%)AMG Critical Minerals’ revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023 decreased by 21%  to $55 million  mainly due to lower volumes largely driven by the silicon metal plant operating one furnace during the quarter  as discussed in detail below. The slowdown in the European industrial economy also continued to negatively impact the segment.Gross profit in the fourth quarter of 2023 was $19 million lower compared to the same period in 2022  largely due to lower volumes in silicon and antimony in the current quarter.SG&A expenses in 2023 of $29 million were 4% higher than in 2022 related to an increase in professional fees during the fourth quarter.The fourth quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA decreased 88% compared to the same period in 2022  to $2 million  largely driven by the silicon metal plant as well as the slowdown in the end-use markets for the segment in the current quarter. As a result  full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA decreased to $7 million from $38 million in the prior year.AMG Silicon operated one of four furnaces in the fourth quarter of 2023. We plan to run two of four furnaces for the remainder of 2024. The operational parameters of the silicon business will continue to be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Due to the noted interruptions in AMG Silicon’s operations  the financial impact of the business will be excluded from adjusted EBITDA during this period of abnormal operations. However  AMG Silicon generated $26 million in cash flow from operating activities during the quarter driven by the receipt of energy sales made in the fourth quarter of 2022.AMG Critical Materials TechnologiesQ4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Revenue $154 738 $144 697 7% $672 660 $610 468 10% Gross profit 20 146 19 381 4% 93 091 94 903 (2%) Operating (loss) profit (1 666) 1 579 N/A 11 315 20 474 (45%) Adjusted EBITDA 13 600 9 713 40% 46 354 44 790 3%AMG Critical Materials Technologies' fourth quarter 2023 revenue increased by $10 million  or 7%  compared to the same period in 2022. This improvement was driven by strong revenues in our engineering unit  as well as higher sales volumes of chrome metal and higher sales prices of titanium alloys  partially offset by lower chrome metal pricing. Revenue for the segment in 2023 increased 10% compared to prior year.SG&A expenses increased by 10% in 2023 compared to 2022  due to additional personnel at AMG Engineering and AMG LIVA corresponding to the increased order backlog and business development  respectively.AMG Critical Materials Technologies’ adjusted EBITDA was $14 million during the fourth quarter  40% higher than in the same period of 2022. The increase was primarily due to higher profitability in Engineering and Titanium  partially offset by lower chrome margins driven by continued sequential decline in chrome price in the fourth quarter of 2023.AMG Engineering signed $27 million in new orders during the fourth quarter of 2023. On a full year basis  AMG signed a record high of $350 million in new orders during 2023  24% higher than in 2022  representing a 1.27x book to bill ratio. The 2023 order intake was driven by strong orders of remelting and heat treatment furnaces. Order backlog was $295 million as of December 31  2023.Financial ReviewTaxAMG recorded an income tax expense of $95 million in 2023  compared to $84 million in 2022. This variance was due to negative movements in the Brazilian real in 2023 as compared to 2022 as well as non-cash deferred tax expenses related to the derecognition of certain tax assets. These tax assets were associated with interest expense carryforwards in our US business as well as loss carryforwards in our German business. These deferred tax expenses were partially offset by the lower profitability in the current quarter relative to the same period in the prior year.AMG paid taxes of $103 million in 2023  compared to tax payments of $42 million in 2022. The higher cash payments in 2023 were largely a result of the timing lag related to Brazil’s strong performance in late 2022 through the second quarter of 2023.Exceptional ItemsAMG’s fourth quarter and full year 2023 gross profit includes exceptional items  which are not included in the calculation of adjusted EBITDA.A summary of exceptional items included in gross profit in 2023 and 2022 are below:Exceptional items included in gross profitQ4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 Change FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Change Gross profit $55 252 $119 981 (54%) $389 431 $409 486 (5%) Inventory cost adjustment 15 260 1 589 860% 26 731 1 589 1 582% Restructuring expense 6 115 389 1 472% 9 223 582 1 485% Asset impairment expense (reversal) 9 585 (990) N/A 8 818 10 597 (17%) Silicon’s partial closure (1 854) — N/A (4 502) — N/A Strategic project expense 107 1 201 (91%) 511 5 540 (91%) Gross profit excluding exceptional items 84 465 122 170 (31%) 430 212 427 794 1%AMG had $15 million non-cash expense during the fourth quarter of 2023 mainly driven by Lithium GmbH’s inventory cost adjustment of purchased lithium hydroxide which has been excluded in the calculation of adjusted EBITDA.In mid 2023  AMG initiated a restructuring program to improve efficiencies and reduce headcount. The largest restructuring expenses are in AMG Titanium with $4 million  and in AMG Graphite with a restructuring expense of $1 million in the fourth quarter of 2023.As a result of the restructuring program  certain non-core assets were also impacted. Asset impairments were recorded due to the retirement of these assets in the fourth quarter of 2023 at AMG Titanium and AMG Graphite of $3 million and $7 million  respectively.SG&AAMG’s fourth quarter 2023 SG&A expenses were $46 million compared to $37 million in the fourth quarter of 2022  with the increase largely due to higher personnel costs driven by increased hiring in our Lithium  Engineering  and LIVA businesses.Full year 2023 SG&A expenses were $178 million  20% higher than in 2022  due to increased professional fees associated with strategic projects during 2023 as well as higher personnel costs attributable to increased hiring in our Lithium  Engineering  and LIVA businesses.LiquidityDecember 31  2023 December 31  2022 Change Senior secured debt $337 402 $348 622 (3%) Cash & cash equivalents 345 308 346 043 —% Senior secured net (cash) debt (7 906) 2 579 N/A Other debt 13 107 14 959 (12%) Net debt excluding municipal bond 5 201 17 538 (70%) Municipal bond debt 319 002 319 244 —% Restricted cash 1 451 6 920 (79%) Net debt 322 752 329 862 (2%)AMG continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate sources of liquidity during the fourth quarter. As of December 31  2023  the Company had $345 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and $195 million available on its revolving credit facility. As such  AMG had $540 million of total liquidity as of December 31  2023.Net Finance CostsAMG’s fourth quarter 2023 net finance income was $2 million compared to $4 million of income in the fourth quarter of 2022. This decrease was mainly driven by lower capitalization of interest expense now that the Zanesville plant is fully operational.Final Dividend ProposalAMG intends to declare a dividend of €0.60 per ordinary share over the financial year 2023. The interim dividend of €0.40  paid on August 9  2023  will be deducted from the amount to be distributed to shareholders. The proposed final dividend per ordinary share therefore amounts to €0.20.A proposal to resolve upon the final dividend distribution will be included on the agenda for the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 8  2024.OutlookOur ongoing cost reduction and efficiency programs will reduce our headcount by approximately 200 which will essentially be offset by the ramp-up of our expansions in Germany and Brazil  as well as the growth in our LIVA and Engineering businesses.Capital expenditures for 2024 are expected to be approximately $125 million  mainly driven by the lithium concentrate expansion in Brazil and expenditures related to the construction of the lithium hydroxide plant in Germany.AMG has no expected financing needs in 2024. AMG refinanced its $350 million term loan and $200 million revolver in November 2021  extending revolver and term loan maturities to 2026 and 2028  respectively. AMG has no significant near-term debt maturities. And although we look to consistently optimize our financial structure  our current liquidity of $540 million can fully fund all of the approved capital expansion projects and all other financial obligations.AMG’s two main lithium expansion projects are heading towards completion: our lithium concentrate expansion project from 90 000 tons to 130 000 tons in Brazil and module 1 of our lithium hydroxide refinery in Germany. We are reviewing our resource development projects and all other expansion activities in light of the present market conditions.Regarding 2024 outlook  from the lithium concentrate and lithium carbonate market price highs in November 2022 of $6 110 per ton and $84 062 per ton  respectively  prices have each declined by 84%.On November 8  2023  we indicated an adjusted EBITDA for 2024 of approximately $200 million excluding any profitability from our Bitterfeld lithium hydroxide refinery and utilizing contemporary pricing. Since then  market prices for spodumene and lithium carbonate have declined 50% and 39%  respectively. Utilizing today’s price levels  lithium profitability will be $60 million lower and vanadium profitability will be $10 million lower  therefore AMG’s 2024 adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $130 million.Our analysis of the long-term supply and demand trends in lithium gives us confidence that the present low prices are unsustainable.Segmental RealignmentThe Company has changed its organizational structure effective January 1  2024  and will therefore report financials for the new segments starting in the first quarter of 2024. This change results in three reporting segments: AMG Lithium  AMG Vanadium  and AMG Technologies. Each of these segments have very specific trends and business models  and require very different management skill sets.AMG’s 2023 pro forma segmental information for AMG Lithium  AMG Vanadium  and AMG Technologies is shown below:AMG LithiumQ1 ‘23 Q2 ‘23 Q3 ‘23 Q4 ‘23 FY ‘23 Revenue $130 668 $133 473 $62 346 $82 085 $408 572 Gross profit 92 013 90 006 26 769 20 569 229 357 Operating profit 83 589 79 904 16 390 7 900 187 783 Adjusted EBITDA 89 799 86 345 29 638 30 758 236 540AMG VanadiumQ1 ‘23 Q2 ‘23 Q3 ‘23 Q4 ‘23 FY ‘23 Revenue $194 280 $180 870 $174 436 $161 652 $711 238 Gross profit 26 424 17 227 17 182 16 237 77 070 Operating profit (loss) 13 103 (3 217) 3 539 13 524 26 949 Adjusted EBITDA 20 331 15 693 15 067 29 520 80 611AMG TechnologiesQ1 ‘23 Q2 ‘23 Q3 ‘23 Q4 ‘23 FY ‘23 Revenue $125 642 $124 976 $131 935 $123 498 $506 051 Gross profit 21 405 20 301 22 852 18 446 83 004 Operating profit (loss) 3 331 1 480 4 130 (1 921) 7 020 Adjusted EBITDA 7 981 5 415 9 080 10 864 33 340Profit for the period to adjusted EBITDA reconciliationQ4 ‘23 Q4 ‘22 FY ‘23 FY ‘22 Profit for the period $1 266 $62 669 $102 288 $190 771 Income tax expense 19 958 23 827 95 002 84 097 Net finance (income) cost (2 455) (4 177) 20 739 30 941 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 1 443 1 414 5 799 5 552 Restructuring expense 6 115 389 9 223 582 Pension adjustment (1 410) — 5 290 — Net contract settlements — 971 — (45 436) Silicon’s partial closure (966) — (1 520) — Inventory cost adjustment 15 260 1 589 26 731 1 589 Asset impairment expense (reversal) 9 585 (990) 8 818 10 597 Strategic project expense (1) 6 777 5 885 19 179 17 070 Share of loss of associates 734 — 3 723 1 250 Others 399 142 583 238 EBIT 56 706 91 719 295 855 297 251 Depreciation and amortization 14 436 12 342 54 636 45 299 Adjusted EBITDA 71 142 104 061 350 491 342 550Notes:(1) The Company is in the initial development and ramp-up phases for several strategic expansion projects  including the joint venture with Shell  the LIVA Battery System  and the lithium expansion in Germany  which incurred project expenses during the quarter but are not yet operational. AMG is adjusting EBITDA for these exceptional charges.AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Income Statement For the quarter ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2023 2022 Unaudited Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 367 235 390 004 Cost of sales (311 983) (270 023) Gross profit 55 252 119 981 Selling  general and administrative expenses (45 582) (36 579) Other expenses (313) (1 083) Other income 10 146 — Net other operating income (expense) 9 833 (1 083) Operating profit 19 503 82 319 Finance income 15 222 5 459 Finance cost (12 767) (1 282) Net finance income 2 455 4 177 Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (734) — Profit before income tax 21 224 86 496 Income tax expense (19 958) (23 827) Profit for the period 1 266 62 669 Profit attributable to: Shareholders of the Company 2 173 60 697 Non-controlling interests (907) 1 972 Profit for the period 1 266 62 669 Basic earnings per share Basic earnings per share 0.07 1.90 Diluted earnings per share 0.07 1.85AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Income Statement For the year ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2023 2022 Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 1 625 861 1 642 774 Cost of sales (1 236 430) (1 233 288) Gross profit 389 431 409 486 Selling  general and administrative expenses (178 162) (147 963) Other expenses (313) (14 544) Other income 10 796 60 080 Net other operating income 10 483 45 536 Operating profit 221 752 307 059 Finance income 28 989 9 061 Finance cost (49 728) (40 002) Net finance cost (20 739) (30 941) Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (3 723) (1 250) Profit before income tax 197 290 274 868 Income tax expense (95 002) (84 097) Profit for the period 102 288 190 771 Profit attributable to: Shareholders of the Company 101 320 187 589 Non-controlling interests 968 3 182 Profit for the period 102 288 190 771 Earnings per share Basic earnings per share 3.15 5.87 Diluted earnings per share 3.12 5.73AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Statement of Financial Position In thousands of US dollars December 31  2023 Unaudited December 31  2022 Assets Property  plant and equipment 921 178 797 611 Goodwill and other intangible assets 40 313 41 404 Derivative financial instruments 22 847 33 042 Equity-accounted investees 18 266 — Other investments 38 160 29 324 Deferred tax assets 26 882 37 181 Restricted cash 387 5 875 Other assets 12 060 8 612 Total non-current assets 1 080 093 953 049 Inventories 260 945 277 311 Derivative financial instruments 3 397 3 516 Trade and other receivables 164 027 162 548 Other assets 100 128 121 834 Current tax assets 7 845 7 289 Restricted cash 1 064 1 045 Cash and cash equivalents 345 308 346 043 Total current assets 882 714 919 586 Total assets 1 962 807 1 872 635AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued) In thousands of US dollars December 31  2023 Unaudited December 31  2022 Equity Issued capital 853 853 Share premium 553 715 553 715 Treasury shares (10 593) (14 685) Other reserves (52 269) (44 869) Retained earnings (deficit) 70 077 (4 461) Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company 561 783 490 553 Non-controlling interests 44 220 27 296 Total equity 606 003 517 849 Liabilities Loans and borrowings 656 265 661 270 Lease liabilities 46 629 44 224 Employee benefits 133 333 117 160 Provisions 17 951 12 361 Deferred revenue 17 836 20 000 Other liabilities 4 784 15 009 Derivative financial instruments 27 284 Deferred tax liabilities 6 664 27 269 Total non-current liabilities 883 489 897 577 Loans and borrowings 5 566 15 164 Lease liabilities 5 725 4 710 Short-term bank debt 7 678 6 391 Deferred revenue 14 083 28 277 Other liabilities 77 052 69 917 Trade and other payables 259 339 240 101 Derivative financial instruments 2 828 7 746 Advance payments from customers 60 561 51 054 Current tax liability 24 279 23 548 Provisions 16 204 10 301 Total current liabilities 473 315 457 209 Total liabilities 1 356 804 1 354 786 Total equity and liabilities 1 962 807 1 872 635AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows For the year ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2023 2022 Unaudited Cash from operating activities Profit for the period 102 288 190 771 Adjustments to reconcile net profit to net cash flows: Non-cash: Income tax expense 95 002 84 097 Depreciation and amortization 54 636 45 299 Asset impairment expense 8 818 10 597 Net finance cost 20 739 30 941 Share of loss of associates and joint ventures 3 723 1 250 Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of property  plant and equipment 145 (592) Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 5 799 5 552 Movement in provisions  pensions  and government grants (2 137) (11 982) Working capital and deferred revenue adjustments 58 187 (123 281) Cash generated from operating activities 347 200 232 652 Finance costs paid  net (21 028) (23 289) Income tax paid (103 172) (41 796) Net cash from operating activities 223 000 167 567 Cash used in investing activities Proceeds from sale of property  plant and equipment 39 2 538 Acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangibles (153 377) (174 516) Investments in associates and joint ventures (21 989) (1 250) Use of restricted cash 5 469 86 514 Interest received on restricted cash 30 250 Capitalized borrowing cost paid (15 519) (16 652) Other 3 12 Net cash used in investing activities (185 344) (103 104)AMG Critical Materials N.V. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued) For the year ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2023 2022 Unaudited Cash used in financing activities Proceeds from issuance of debt 1 395 82 Repayment of borrowings (15 995) (33 863) Net repurchase of common shares (6 960) (1 523) Dividends paid (28 212) (19 885) Payment of lease liabilities (5 764) (5 101) Advanced contributions — 11 000 Contributions by non-controlling interests 14 000 — Net cash used in financing activities (41 536) (49 290) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (3 880) 15 173 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 346 043 337 877 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held 3 145 (7 007) Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 345 308 346 043This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release contains regulated information as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG’s Lithium segment spans the lithium value chain  reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG’s Vanadium segment is the world’s market leader in recycling vanadium from oil refining residues  spanning the Company’s vanadium  titanium  and chrome businesses. AMG’s Technologies segment is the established world market leader in advanced metallurgy and provides equipment engineering to the aerospace engine sector globally. It serves as the engineering home for the Company’s fast-growing LIVA batteries  and spans AMG’s mineral processing operations in graphite  antimony  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking.” Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.31,0.42,True,English,"['AMG Reports', 'Record-Setting Earnings', 'Full Year', 'stringent third-party developed life cycle assessments', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'two main debt instruments', 'highest full year order intake', 'critical materials science-based solutions', 'low-cost fixed-rate debt facilities', 'average interest rate charge', 'full expanded capacity rate', 'enable” energy saving strategies', '$323 million net debt position', 'industrial power management applications', 'million free cash flow', 'innovative lithium vanadium battery', 'Enabling CO 2 Reduction Portfolio', 'record order intake', 'Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch', 'heat treatment furnaces', 'high growth environment', 'average financial returns', 'first 20,000-ton module', 'product qualification process', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'average quarterly prices', 'revolving credit facility', 'strong balance sheet', 'lithium concentrate plant', 'lithium hydroxide refinery', 'atmospheric CO 2 reduction', 'US dollars Q4', 'highest adjusted EBITDA', 'target production volumes', 'lithium price decline', 'renewable energy production', 'Cambridge, Ohio operation', 'Fourth quarter 2023 revenue', 'low-cost position', 'Management Board', 'average pricing', 'order backlog', 'global decline', 'metal prices', 'industrial contribution', 'roasting operation', 'production credit', 'strong profitability', 'strong orders', '110.3 million tons', '99.4 million tons', 'lithium carbonate', '22 Change Revenue', 'third quarter', 'Regulated Information', 'vanadium businesses', 'operating activities', 'Capital Employed', 'Market conditions', 'large part', 'capital projects', 'adequate sources', 'new orders', '1.27x book', 'bill ratio', 'customer level', 'proprietary technologies', 'ECO 2 RP', 'advanced phases', 'The Zanesville', 'melt shop', 'historical averages', 'domestic manufacturing', 'preliminary regulations', 'final determination', 'LIVA”) projects', 'unrestricted cash', 'cash equivalents', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'total liquidity', 'comment period', 'AMG Engineering', 'AMG Vanadium', '22 Change FY', '16 year history', '23 FY', '90,000 tons', '130,000 tons', '93,000 tons', 'record-setting', '6% decrease', '33% Return', 'Note', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'products', '32% decrease', 'ferrovanadium', '25% stake', 'Zinnwald', 'December', 'Company', 'remelting', 'mission', 'way', 'customers', 'efficiency', 'belief', 'forefront', 'Brazil', 'March', 'expansion', 'Bitterfeld', 'Germany', 'Section', 'subsidy', 'ruling', '2022']",2024-02-21,2024-02-22,marketscreener.com
36518,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-02/61483129-boa-concept-and-easy-systems-benelux-announce-their-alliance-015.htm,BOA Concept and EASY Systems Benelux announce their alliance,DJ BOA Concept and EASY Systems Benelux announce their alliance BOA CONCEPT BOA Concept and EASY Systems Benelux announce their alliance 22-Feb-2024 / 18:15 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulato,"DJ BOA Concept and EASY Systems Benelux announce their allianceBOA CONCEPT BOA Concept and EASY Systems Benelux announce their alliance 22-Feb-2024 / 18:15 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- BOA Concept and EASY Systems Benelux announce their alliance BOA Concept  French specialist in the design  manufacture and marketing of innovative robotic and software solutions for intralogistics (FR0011365907 - ALBOA) and EASY Systems Benelux  Belgian specialist in handling systems for intralogistics and production  announce the signing of an agreement for BOA Concept to acquire a 70% stake in EASY Systems. The final completion of this acquisition  which will be paid for entirely in cash  is expected by the end of the first quarter of 2024. BOA Concept designs and manufactures innovative solutions for intralogistics and industry. It develops systems equipped with local intelligence  easy to use and agile. Its solutions make warehouse automation and robotisation more widely accessible. Based in Saint-Etienne  France  with 90 employees  it is a comprehensive intralogistics solutions integrator. EASY Systems  a family-owned company based in Belgium and the Netherlands (45 employees  including a team of experienced engineers and technicians)  has been producing handling systems for the intralogistics and production industries in around 30 countries (Germany  United States  China  Brazil  United Arab Emirates) for 15 years. In 2022  it generated a revenue of EUR13 million with a large customer base. Shared DNA and a host of synergies Jean-Lucien Rascle  Chairman of BOA Concept  said: ""This acquisition will enable the BOA Concept Group to accelerate its growth in its target markets in line with its roadmap  while broadening its value proposition by integrating the new technology solutions provided by EASY Systems."" ""We are delighted to be joining the BOA Concept Group. We share common values that we firmly believe will be a source of major synergies between our two companies and a guarantee of great success going forward "" said Wim Vandewijer  CEO and David Taverniers  CSO of EASY Systems. The partnership bodes well for the future. The Group speeds up its international expansion! Since its IPO in 2021  BOA Concept has made no secret of its international ambitions and is looking for the best partners. While the BOA Concept Group already deployed numerous projects outside France (Morocco  Italy  Switzerland  Germany  Belgium  Poland)  it now has special access to the dynamic Benelux market. About BOA Concept BOA Concept  founded in 2012  is an innovative intralogistics specialist listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris. BOA Concept systems operate on the principle of intelligent objects (IoT) thanks to embedded intelligence  and have won over some of the biggest names in logistics and e-commerce in Europe and North Africa. Thanks to the ease of reuse of its Made in France solutions  the company is fully committed to a CSR policy (reUse). By favouring modular design  BOA Concept facilitates access to automation  offering automated and robotic intralogistics systems that are easy to implement and upgrade. With a team of 90 people  40% of whom work in the design office and R&D  its key values are flexibility  responsiveness and innovation. For more information: www.boa-concept.com About EASY Systems Benelux Founded in 2007  EASY Systems is a Belgian company that generated revenue of EUR13 million in 2022. Operating in over 30 countries worldwide  the company designs and installs handling systems for intralogistics and production. Made up of a team of 45 people  it attaches great importance to customer satisfaction  which has earned it the trust of world-class customers. For more information: https://easy-systems.eu/en/ Contacts BOA CONCEPT 22 rue de Méons I 42000 Saint-Etienne (France) I Tel.: +33(0)4 77 50 21 24 contact@boaconcept.com X: @BoaConcept I LinkedIn: BOA CONCEPT BOA CONCEPT SA  a public limited company with a Board of Director Administration  with capital of 972 775 euros I Saint-Etienne Trade and Companies Register 752 025 908 Nawel BEKKAYE I BOA CONCEPT I + 33 (0)6 43 87 08 75 I nawel.bekkaye@boaconcept.com EASY SYSTEMS BENELUX Klaus-Michael Kuehnelaan 3 I 2440 Geel (Belgium) I T +32 14 72 93 84 info@easy-systems.eu LinkedIn: EASY SYSTEMS EASY SYSTEMS BENELUX BV - Limited Liability Company  with capital of 590 000 euros I Registered number BE 0891.334.879 David TAVERNIERS I +32 (0) 473 92 37 93 I david.taverniers@easy-systems.eu AELIUM FINANCE & COMMUNICATION Valentine BOIVIN I Jérôme GACOIN I +33(0)1 75 77 54 65 I boaconcept@aelium.fr-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Regulatory filing PDF file File: BOA Concept and EASY Systems Benelux announce their alliance=------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Language: English Company: BOA CONCEPT 22 rue de Meons 42000 Saint-Étienne France Phone: 04 77 50 21 24 E-mail: chantal.ledoux@boaconcept.com Internet: www.boaconcept.com ISIN: FR0011365907 Euronext Ticker: ALBOA AMF Category: Inside information / Issuer activities (acquisitions  sales...) EQS News ID: 1843413 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1843413 22-Feb-2024 CET/CESTImage link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1843413&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresFebruary 22  2024 12:15 ET (17:15 GMT)",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['EASY Systems Benelux', 'BOA Concept', 'alliance', 'Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'EASY SYSTEMS EASY SYSTEMS BENELUX BV', 'EASY SYSTEMS BENELUX Klaus-Michael Kuehnelaan', '22 rue de Méons', 'Jérôme GACOIN', 'comprehensive intralogistics solutions integrator', 'BOA Concept BOA Concept', 'dynamic Benelux market', 'French Regulatory News', 'Valentine BOIVIN I', 'United Arab Emirates', 'large customer base', 'new technology solutions', 'Euronext Growth market', 'public limited company', 'Limited Liability Company', 'DJ BOA Concept', 'BOA CONCEPT SA', 'BOA Concept systems', 'BOA Concept Group', 'robotic intralogistics systems', 'innovative intralogistics specialist', 'R&D', 'French specialist', 'innovative robotic', 'handling systems', 'innovative solutions', 'EQS Group', 'The Group', 'United States', 'customer satisfaction', 'software solutions', 'Belgian specialist', 'CET/CEST Dissemination', 'final completion', 'first quarter', 'family-owned company', 'experienced engineers', 'Shared DNA', 'Jean-Lucien Rascle', 'target markets', 'value proposition', 'common values', 'two companies', 'great success', 'Wim Vandewijer', 'international expansion', 'international ambitions', 'best partners', 'numerous projects', 'intelligent objects', 'biggest names', 'North Africa', 'CSR policy', 'key values', 'Belgian company', 'great importance', 'world-class customers', 'Director Administration', 'Companies Register', 'Nawel BEKKAYE', 'Registered number', 'David Taverniers', 'modular design', 'design office', 'France solutions', 'local intelligence', 'warehouse automation', 'major synergies', 'special access', 'AELIUM FINANCE', 'production industries', 'Saint-Etienne Trade', '42000 Saint-Etienne', 'alliance', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'manufacture', 'marketing', 'ALBOA', 'signing', 'agreement', '70% stake', 'acquisition', 'cash', 'end', 'industry', 'robotisation', '90 employees', 'Belgium', 'Netherlands', '45 employees', 'team', 'technicians', '30 countries', 'Germany', 'China', 'Brazil', '15 years', 'revenue', 'host', 'Chairman', 'line', 'roadmap', 'source', 'guarantee', 'CEO', 'CSO', 'partnership', 'future', 'IPO', 'secret', 'Morocco', 'Italy', 'Switzerland', 'Poland', 'Paris', 'principle', 'IoT', 'e-commerce', 'Europe', 'ease', 'reuse', 'automated', '90 people', 'flexibility', 'responsiveness', 'innovation', 'information', '45 people', 'trust', 'Contacts', 'boaconcept', 'LinkedIn', 'Board', 'capital', '972,775 euros', '2440 Geel', 'easy-systems', '590,000 euros', 'COMMUNICATION']",2024-02-06,2024-02-22,finanznachrichten.de
36519,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/biotalys-reports-full-2023-financial-060000140.html,Biotalys Reports Full-Year 2023 Financial Results and Business Highlights,Press release - regulated information Realised a step change in company’s approach to product development with the move to the AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform Successfully closed a €7 million private placement in June at €6.,"Biotalys NVPress release - regulated informationRealised a step change in company’s approach to product development with the move to the AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platformSuccessfully closed a €7 million private placement in June at €6.166 per share  subscribed to by Agri Investment Fund and the Belgian Sovereign Wealth FundEstablished key partnerships and academic collaborations for the product pipeline and platformAnnounced results of final round of independent field trials with first candidate biofungicide EVOCA™* while progressing the regulatory review dossierYear-end cash and cash equivalents amounted to €21.6 million  higher than anticipated thanks to focus on core R&D capabilities and streamlining of the organisationManagement to host a conference call and live webcast at 15:00 CET / 14:00 GMT / 09:00 AM ET today  details belowGhent  BELGIUM  Feb. 22  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- – Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrols for sustainable crop protection  today announces key business achievements and consolidated financial results for 2023  prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union  and an outlook for 2024. The annual report  including the full financial report  will be published on the company’s website on 20 March 2024.Kevin Helash  Chief Executive Officer of Biotalys  stated: “Biotalys made significant inroads in 2023 by progressing to the second-generation of our technology platform and forging new partnerships and scientific collaborations  while carefully managing our cash position. For 2024  we plan to initiate field trials in grapes with our next pipeline program BioFun-6  building on the promising results in independent field trials with EVOCA. We will also continue to work with the competent authorities to obtain regulatory approval  further expand our product pipeline and optimise our technology platform.”Operational HighlightsThroughout 2023  Biotalys continued to cement its role of innovator in the biocontrol space and created internal efficiencies while advancing its technology platform and product development pipeline.Story continuesAGROBODY 2.0 Technology Platform:Following a strategic review of the company in Q3 of 2023  the company announced a shift to the AGROBODY 2.0 platform to develop its protein-based biocontrols for crop protection. This next-generation AGROBODY technology is aimed at increasing the potency and efficacy of the company’s bioactive agents with multiple modes of action while lowering cost of goods  allowing for a broader market penetration of our biocontrol products.Partnerships:In April 2023  Biotalys entered into a strategic partnership with Syngenta to collaborate on the research  development and commercialization of a new bioinsecticide to counter the threat of pest resistance and advance sustainable agriculture.The company also entered into various research collaborations with academic institutes to further develop the technology platform and support the pipeline programs BioFun-4 and BioFun-7.Product Validation:EVOCA  Biotalys’ first protein-based biocontrol candidate aimed at targeting botrytis bunch rot and powdery mildew in fruits and vegetables  continued to demonstrate its efficacy in extensive global field trials  both in the company’s own trial program as well as in independent academic trials in the U.S. Biotalys now considers its EVOCA field testing complete given the in-depth dossier of supporting independent data comparing its performance with conventional chemical and biological fungicide products.Pipeline Update:Now laser-focused on novel biofungicide and bioinsecticide solutions  the company refined its product pipeline in November. The status of the various programs is as follows: Biotalys continues to work with the EPA (Environmental Protection Agency) in the U.S. and the CTGB (College voor de Toelating van Gewasbeschermingsmiddelen en Biociden) in Europe on EVOCA’s regulatory review. Pending the decision  the company continues to pave the way for its next generation of the product ( EVOCA NG )  a biofungicide program with the same bioactive as EVOCA but an optimized production process and formulation  leading to lower production costs which results in an attractive commercial potential. EVOCA NG is expected to be the company’s first margin-generating product in both the US and EU. BioFun-4   the biofungicide program targeting Phytophthora infestans  an Oomycete (water mould) that causes late blight/potato blight  a serious disease that particularly affects fruits and vegetable crops and potatoes  is proceeding. The company entered into a research collaboration with the University of Aberdeen (UK)  within which the company will sponsor a three-year PhD project in the Oomycete Laboratory of Prof. Pieter van West  Chair in Mycology  a leader in the field  to deepen its expertise in Oomycetes on the molecular level. This fits well with Biotalys’ highly targeted strategy as the core of its AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform. BioFun-6  the biofungicide program targeting botrytis  powdery mildew and anthracnose in fruits and vegetables  is in the final stages of discovery and lead molecules are expected to be tested in field trials in the course of 2024. BioFun-7  the biofungicide program in collaboration with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation  targeting leafspot disease in cowpeas and other legumes  is advancing and supported by new academic collaborations with the Instituto Superior de Agronomia (Dr. Filipa Monteiro and Prof. Dora Batista) at the University of Lisbon (Portugal)  and the lab of Prof. Ioannis Stergiopoulos at the University of California-Davis (US). BioIns-2  the bioinsecticide program in collaboration with Syngenta Crop Protection  targeting key pests  is advancing as planned.Leadership Updates:Outlook for 2024With its focus now squarely on advancing the second-generation technology platform  AGROBODY 2.0  Biotalys will continue to concentrate resources on core R&D capabilities  as well as on obtaining registration for its first product candidate EVOCA.Pending the regulatory decision for EVOCA  the company will continue the development of EVOCA NG which is set out to be the first margin-generating product for the company.Building on its successful field trial program  Biotalys plans to initiate field trials in grapes for BioFun-6 in the course of 2024.The company will progress its pipeline programs and expects to initiate a new R&D biofungicide program for a new pathogen in the first half of 2024.Together with the cash and cash equivalents balance of €21.6 million at the end of 2023  the company expects the financial runway to extend until the end of April 2025 without considering any additional financing through equity  newly awarded grants  partnerships or other sources of financing.Special Shareholders MeetingAt the board meeting dated 21 February 2024  the board established that based on the non-consolidated Belgian GAAP financial statements for the period ending 31 December 2023  the net assets of the Company (€22 751 230.29) dropped below half of the corporate capital of the Company (€46 198 455.95) triggering the procedure under article 7:228 of the Belgian Code on Companies and Associations (“BCCA”). In accordance therewith  the Board will convene a special shareholders meeting on March 29  2024 and propose to the shareholders the continuation of the activities of the Company. The convening notice and the related documentation including the special board report as required under article 7:228 BCCA will become available on the website of the Company in the next few days. At the occasion of this special shareholders meeting  the board will also propose the confirmation of the nomination of Mr. Kevin Helash as director of the Company.Detailed financial review for 2023In € thousand 2023 2022 Other operating income 2 611 2 949 Research and development expenses (16 608) (18 813) General and administration expenses (5 708) (5 081) Marketing expenses (1 186) (1 586) Operating loss (20 891) (22 531) Financial income 939 320 Financial expenses (502) (557) Loss before taxes (20 454) (22 769) Income taxes (56) 38 Loss for the period (20 510) (22 731) Remeasurement gains (losses) on defined benefit plans (29) (43) Exchange differences on translating foreign operations (7) 4 Total comprehensive loss for the period (20 545) (22 770) Basic and diluted loss per share (in EUR) (0.65) (0.74) Profit/(loss) for the period attributable to the owners of the company (20 510) (22 731) Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to the owners of the company (20 545) (22 770) Cash and cash equivalents 21 570 34 096 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (12 521) (22 017)Consolidated statements of profit and lossOther operating income amounted to €2.6 million and relates to R&D tax incentives received and grants awarded to support R&D activities. Income from the grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation increased by €0.3 million. R&D tax incentives remained at €0.7 million  while income from government grants decreased by €0.6 million compared to 2022 as several of these funded projects are coming to an end.Research and development expenses amounted to €16.6 million for 2023  a decrease of €2.2 million compared to 2022  mainly caused by a reduction of external spending for the production of EVOCA and for other collaborations  combined with a reduced number of field trials for product testing.General and administrative expenses amounted to €5.7 million for 2023  compared to €5.1 million in 2022. This increase is partly driven by one-time costs in relation to the implemented changes in the organisation.Marketing expenses decreased from €1.6 million in 2022 to €1.2 million in 2023  as a result of lower costs for the stock option program following the changes in the Marketing & Sales organisation in the second half of the year.Financial income amounted to €0.9 million in 2023  compared to €0.3 million in 2022  primarily due to the increased interests received on bank deposits  which were negative in 2022.Financial expenses amounted to €0.5 million and are related to interest expenses for the leases and bank loans and foreign exchange losses.Income taxes expenses show the impact of the reversal of a deferred tax asset related to the R&D expenses in our U.S. subsidiary.Loss of the period was €20.6 million in 2023  compared to €22.8 million in 2022.Basic and diluted loss per share for 2023 amounted to €0.65 compared to €0.74 in 2022. The average number of shares outstanding in 2023 increased versus 2022  as a result of the capital increase in June.Cash and cash equivalents at year-end amounted to €21.6 million in 2023 (compared to €34.1 million in 2022)  slightly higher than expected as a result of a combination of savings in external R&D expenses and organisational changes implemented by management.Auditor StatementThe consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS  as adopted by the EU. The financial information included in this press release is an extract from the full IFRS consolidated financial statements  which will be published on 20 March 2024. The statutory auditor  Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren /Réviseurs d’Entreprises  represented by Pieter-Jan Van Durme  has confirmed that its audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material adjustment that should be made in the accounting information included in this press release.Financial calendar and upcoming IR events28 February 2024: Biotalys’ management will attend the Regenerative Food Systems Investment conference in Brussels4 March 2024: Biotalys' management will give a keynote speech at Danum Advisor’s Knowledge Day in Amsterdam dedicated to investment in biodiversity18-19 March 2024: Biotalys' management will participate at the annual ROTH MKM investor conference in California19-20 March 2024: Biotalys' management will participate at the annual World AgriTech Forum in San Francisco20 March 2024: Online publication of the Biotalys annual report for 202323 March 2024: Biotalys’ management will speak at the Flemish Retail Investor Association (VFB) Annual Happening in Antwerp29 March 2024: Special shareholders meeting16 April 2024: Biotalys will host a site visit for the investor branch of Markant  an organisation for active and entrepreneurial women  at its HQ and labs in Ghent23 April 2024: Biotalys will hold its Annual General Shareholders Meeting at its HQ in GhentLive webcast and conference callCompany management will host a live webcast in English to discuss its full year 2023 financial results and business highlights today  Thursday  22 February 2024 at 15:00 CET / 14:00 GMT / 09:00 AM ET and can be accessed via the following link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/uwteb7ve/.Dial-in details: To ask questions live to management  please register for the conference call via the following link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BIe76a08c1a0544f40a864e04bbf066d2d.A recording of the webcast will be available after the event on the Biotalys investor website: https://www.biotalys.com/investors/financial-information.* EVOCA™: Pending Registration. This product is not currently registered for sale or use in the United States  the European Union  or elsewhere and is not being offered for sale.-End-About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comImportant NoticeBiotalys  its business  prospects and financial position remain exposed and subject to risks and uncertainties. A description of and reference to these risks and uncertainties can be found in the 2022 annual report on the consolidated annual accounts published on the company’s website.This announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONCONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEFOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBERCONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITYFOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBERCONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWSFOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.34,0.16,True,English,"['Full-Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Business Highlights', 'Biotalys', 'College voor de Toelating van Gewasbeschermingsmiddelen', 'Prof. Pieter van West', 'Belgian Sovereign Wealth Fund', 'core R&D capabilities', 'extensive global field trials', 'first protein-based biocontrol candidate', 'first candidate biofungicide EVOCA™', 'Agri Investment Fund', '€7 million private placement', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'broader market penetration', 'botrytis bunch rot', 'attractive commercial potential', 'late blight/potato blight', 'three-year PhD project', 'first margin-generating product', 'Environmental Protection Agency', 'key business achievements', 'full financial report', 'biological fungicide products', 'lower production costs', 'independent field trials', 'next-generation AGROBODY technology', 'independent academic trials', 'consolidated financial results', 'sustainable crop protection', 'EVOCA field testing', 'AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform', 'AGROBODY 2.0 Technology Platform', 'regulatory review dossier', 'next pipeline program', 'various research collaborations', 'product development pipeline', 'U.S. Biotalys', 'biocontrol products', 'AGROBODY 2.0 platform', 'independent data', 'biofungicide program', 'academic collaborations', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'biocontrol space', 'annual report', 'sustainable agriculture', 'depth dossier', 'novel biofungicide', 'various programs', 'next generation', 'production process', 'Agricultural Technology', 'product pipeline', 'scientific collaborations', 'regulatory approval', 'strategic review', 'academic institutes', 'pipeline programs', 'Pipeline Update', 'trial program', 'key partnerships', 'Product Validation', 'Press release', 'regulated information', 'step change', 'final round', 'Year-end cash', 'cash equivalents', 'organisation Management', 'conference call', 'live webcast', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'European Union', 'Kevin Helash', 'significant inroads', 'cash position', 'promising results', 'competent authorities', 'Operational Highlights', 'internal efficiencies', 'bioactive agents', 'multiple modes', 'strategic partnership', 'new bioinsecticide', 'pest resistance', 'powdery mildew', 'conventional chemical', 'bioinsecticide solutions', 'same bioactive', 'Phytophthora infestans', 'water mould', 'serious disease', 'vegetable crops', 'molecular level', 'targeted strategy', 'EVOCA NG', 'new partnerships', 'Oomycete Laboratory', 'Biotalys NV', 'AgTech) company', 'approach', 'move', 'June', 'share', 'streamlining', '15:00 CET', '14:00 GMT', 'details', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'Feb.', 'Euronext', 'BTLS', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'outlook', 'website', '20 March', 'second-generation', 'grapes', 'BioFun-6', 'role', 'innovator', 'Story', 'Q3', 'shift', 'potency', 'efficacy', 'action', 'goods', 'April', 'Syngenta', 'commercialization', 'threat', 'BioFun-4', 'fruits', 'vegetables', 'performance', 'November', 'status', 'EPA', 'CTGB', 'Biociden', 'decision', 'way', 'formulation', 'potatoes', 'University', 'Aberdeen', 'UK', 'Chair', 'Mycology', 'leader', 'expertise', 'Oomycetes', '09:00', '2024']",2024-02-22,2024-02-22,uk.finance.yahoo.com
36520,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heineken-holding-n-v-publishes-110900653.html,Heineken Holding N.V. publishes Annual Report 2023,Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) today announced that it has published its 2023 Annual Report. The 2023 Annual Report of Heineken Holding N.V. is available on:  ENDS PRESS ENQUIRIES Media Heineken Holding N.,"HEINEKEN Holding NVAmsterdam  22 February 2024 - Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) today announced that it has published its 2023 Annual Report.The 2023 Annual Report of Heineken Holding N.V. is available on: www.heinekenholding.comENDSPRESS ENQUIRIESMedia Heineken Holding N.V.Kees JongsmaTel: +31-6-54798253E-mail: cjongsma@spj.nlMedia Heineken N.V.Press enquiriesJoris Evers/ Michael FuchsE-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-355Investor and analyst enquiriesFederico Castillo Martinez / Mark MatthewsE-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-590About HEINEKENHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 90 000 employees  HEINEKEN brews the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. HEINEKEN’s dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN operates breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on Heineken Holding N.V.’s website or Heineken N.V.'s website and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Annual Report', 'PRESS ENQUIRIES Media Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Media Heineken N.V.', 'HEINEKEN Holding NV', 'Federico Castillo Martinez', 'other production facilities', 'long-term brand investment', 'focused cost management', 'analyst enquiries', 'Heineken® brand', '2023 Annual Report', 'Kees Jongsma', 'Joris Evers', 'Michael Fuchs', 'Mark Matthews', 'participating interest', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'recent information', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'Better World', 'Amsterdam', '22 February', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY', 'heinekenholding', 'ENDS', 'mail', 'cjongsma', 'spj', 'nl', 'pressoffice', 'Investor', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '90,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'Most', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
36521,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/l-espresso-enters-global-partnership-070000176.html,L’OR Espresso enters into global partnership with Ferrari,PRESS RELEASE Amsterdam  22024 JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) today announced that L’OR Espresso has entered into a new global partnership with Ferrari. The collaboration will see L’OR Espresso embark on a new chapter alongside the Ferrari in the FIA World Endurance Championship (WEC).,JDE Peet's N.V.PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  22 February 2024JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) today announced that L’OR Espresso has entered into a new global partnership with Ferrari. The collaboration will see L’OR Espresso embark on a new chapter alongside the Ferrari in the FIA World Endurance Championship (WEC). The WEC is the world’s premier international sportscar championship and includes the legendary 24 Hours of Le Mans.The partnership between these two iconic brands is fuelled by the shared values such as passion and exquisite craftsmanship and will set the senses racing for the Ferrari team and fans around the world with the distinctive style and energy that L’OR Espresso and Ferrari exemplify.L’OR Espresso branding will be highly visible throughout Ferrari’s WEC racing environment  including branding on the Ferrari 499P Hypercar and driver uniforms. L’OR Espresso will partner with Ferrari to create bespoke content and activities to celebrate the awakening of the senses  intensity of experience  and passion that racing and coffee bring to our lives. L’OR Espresso will also be served using L’OR Barista brewing systems in Ferrari Hypercar team hospitality for racing team personnel  partners  and guests at WEC events around the world.This exciting collaboration will culminate with the launch of a limited edition bespoke range of coffee and coffee brewers inspired by the passion and craftmanship exemplified by both brands.L’OR Espresso will also partner with Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli  the most renowned single-marque championship that has brought together dream cars and passionate drivers on the world’s most prestigious tracks for over 30 years.Fiona Hughes  Chief Marketing Officer at JDE Peet’s  commented: “We are thrilled to launch our new global partnership with Ferrari. Through this partnership  we continue to demonstrate our commitment to consolidate L’OR Espresso as a global premium coffee brand. L’OR Espresso awakens your senses to experience the power of Ferrari. The sensorial link between the two brands is obvious: leading in passion  in intensity of experience and in exquisite craftsmanship. L’OR Espresso will provide the Ferrari endurance team with the focus they need and allows the fans to be fully immersed in the experience.”Story continuesLorenzo Giorgetti  Chief Racing Revenue Offices  commented: “We are very pleased to start collaborating with a leading coffee company like JDE Peet’s and its fast-growing premium brand L'OR Espresso. We share the values of passion  meticulous attention to the consumer  and research for innovation  and are thrilled to begin this journey together. I am convinced that the activation of this partnership will be a great success.”###EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 100 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2023  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com .Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.71,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['L’OR Espresso', 'global partnership', 'Ferrari', 'L’OR Barista brewing systems', 'premier international sportscar championship', 'limited edition bespoke range', 'Chief Racing Revenue Offices', 'Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli', 'FIA World Endurance Championship', 'Ferrari Hypercar team hospitality', 'L’OR Espresso branding', 'global premium coffee brand', 'growing premium brand', 'renowned single-marque championship', 'Chief Marketing Officer', ""L'OR Espresso"", 'racing team personnel', 'Ferrari 499P Hypercar', 'Ferrari endurance team', 'WEC racing environment', 'new global partnership', 'two iconic brands', 'leading coffee company', 'bespoke content', 'global workforce', 'Ferrari team', 'new chapter', 'leading pure-play', 'two brands', 'N.V.', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'The WEC', 'legendary 24 Hours', 'Le Mans', 'exquisite craftsmanship', 'distinctive style', 'driver uniforms', 'WEC events', 'dream cars', 'passionate drivers', 'prestigious tracks', 'Fiona Hughes', 'sensorial link', 'Lorenzo Giorgetti', 'meticulous attention', 'great success', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'JDE Peet', 'tea company', 'coffee brewers', 'exciting collaboration', 'Enquiries Media', '50 brands', 'Amsterdam', '22 February', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'values', 'senses', 'fans', 'energy', 'activities', 'awakening', 'intensity', 'experience', 'lives', 'guests', 'launch', 'craftmanship', '30 years', 'commitment', 'power', 'focus', 'Story', 'consumer', 'research', 'innovation', 'journey', 'activation', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,100 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-22,finance.yahoo.com
36522,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-1033091252,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,"The Company announces that on 21 February 2024 it purchased a total of 200 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed ...","Cairn Homes Plc (CRN)Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares22-Feb-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST22 February 2024 Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”) Transaction in own shares The Company announces that on 21 February 2024 it purchased a total of 200 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 100 000 100 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.476 £1.264 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.462 £1.258 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.470222 £1.260914 The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023. Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 649 241 542 shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury. In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Numis Securities Ltd on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below. Contacts: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Tara Grimley  Company Secretary Appendix Transaction Details Issuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext Dublin Number of shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 1717 1.468 XDUB 08:04:58 00068943715TRLO0 1854 1.462 XDUB 08:36:17 00068944745TRLO0 3990 1.476 XDUB 09:49:33 00068946280TRLO0 3990 1.476 XDUB 09:51:52 00068946317TRLO0 1060 1.476 XDUB 09:53:28 00068946336TRLO0 1854 1.472 XDUB 10:17:18 00068946809TRLO0 6644 1.476 XDUB 10:21:00 00068946901TRLO0 6644 1.476 XDUB 10:21:58 00068946930TRLO0 1337 1.476 XDUB 10:21:58 00068946931TRLO0 5 1.470 XDUB 12:56:28 00068950113TRLO0 3 1.470 XDUB 12:56:28 00068950114TRLO0 1900 1.470 XDUB 13:05:19 00068950309TRLO0 1900 1.470 XDUB 13:05:19 00068950310TRLO0 1750 1.470 XDUB 13:05:19 00068950311TRLO0 1561 1.470 XDUB 13:05:19 00068950312TRLO0 8591 1.468 XDUB 13:30:22 00068950888TRLO0 1750 1.470 XDUB 13:30:22 00068950889TRLO0 1770 1.470 XDUB 13:30:22 00068950890TRLO0 235 1.466 XDUB 13:40:56 00068951051TRLO0 462 1.466 XDUB 13:47:23 00068951248TRLO0 1030 1.466 XDUB 13:58:02 00068951411TRLO0 1030 1.466 XDUB 14:11:20 00068951671TRLO0 465 1.466 XDUB 14:20:31 00068951896TRLO0 1030 1.466 XDUB 14:24:07 00068951989TRLO0 2762 1.466 XDUB 14:32:08 00068952223TRLO0 6964 1.466 XDUB 14:32:08 00068952224TRLO0 1750 1.466 XDUB 14:32:08 00068952225TRLO0 1783 1.464 XDUB 14:36:00 00068952348TRLO0 554 1.464 XDUB 14:36:01 00068952349TRLO0 1854 1.464 XDUB 14:36:01 00068952350TRLO0 857 1.470 XDUB 14:52:18 00068953126TRLO0 6644 1.470 XDUB 14:52:18 00068953127TRLO0 705 1.470 XDUB 14:52:18 00068953128TRLO0 6351 1.470 XDUB 15:19:28 00068954372TRLO0 3913 1.470 XDUB 15:19:28 00068954373TRLO0 6644 1.470 XDUB 15:44:48 00068955429TRLO0 342 1.470 XDUB 15:44:48 00068955430TRLO0 6305 1.470 XDUB 15:47:48 00068955585TRLO0 London Stock Exchange Number of shares Price per Share (GBP) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 248 126.20 XLON 08:05:13 00068943726TRLO0 1400 126.20 XLON 08:05:13 00068943727TRLO0 235 126.40 XLON 08:05:13 00068943728TRLO0 8000 126.40 XLON 09:43:43 00068946145TRLO0 90 126.40 XLON 09:43:43 00068946146TRLO0 6000 126.40 XLON 09:43:49 00068946156TRLO0 1942 126.40 XLON 09:43:49 00068946157TRLO0 6775 126.40 XLON 09:49:33 00068946278TRLO0 1262 126.40 XLON 09:49:33 00068946279TRLO0 5000 126.40 XLON 09:49:53 00068946288TRLO0 2886 126.40 XLON 09:49:53 00068946289TRLO0 6542 126.20 XLON 10:24:12 00068947010TRLO0 1174 126.20 XLON 10:24:32 00068947023TRLO0 1883 126.00 XLON 12:52:11 00068949997TRLO0 1488 126.00 XLON 12:52:11 00068949998TRLO0 6724 126.00 XLON 12:52:11 00068949999TRLO0 1067 126.00 XLON 12:52:11 00068950000TRLO0 8000 125.80 XLON 14:40:02 00068952501TRLO0 3122 125.80 XLON 14:40:02 00068952502TRLO0 1 125.80 XLON 14:40:02 00068952503TRLO0 4936 125.80 XLON 14:42:07 00068952562TRLO0 3892 125.80 XLON 14:42:07 00068952563TRLO0 8000 125.80 XLON 14:52:18 00068953124TRLO0 81 125.80 XLON 14:52:18 00068953125TRLO0 3273 126.00 XLON 15:44:34 00068955425TRLO0 8000 126.00 XLON 15:44:34 00068955426TRLO0 3485 126.00 XLON 15:44:34 00068955427TRLO0 4494 126.00 XLON 15:48:53 00068955655TRLO0Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.19,0.37,0.44,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency', 'Company Secretary Appendix Transaction Details Issuer Name', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', '00068955585TRLO0 London Stock Exchange Number', 'Numis Securities Ltd', 'Transaction Transaction reference number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Euronext Dublin Number', 'Trading Venue Time', 'Cairn Homes Plc', '07:00 GMT', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', '100,000 Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'shares Price', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'EQS Group', 'The Company', 'Own Shares', 'Regulatory Announcement', '649,241,542 shares', 'CRN', 'BST', '22 February', '21 February', 'broker', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00068943715TRLO0', '00068944745TRLO0', '00068946280TRLO0', '00068946317TRLO0', '00068946336TRLO0', '00068946809TRLO0', '00068946901TRLO0', '00068946930TRLO0', '00068946931TRLO0', '00068950113TRLO0', '00068950114TRLO0', '00068950309TRLO0', '00068950310TRLO0', '00068950311TRLO0', '00068950312TRLO0', '00068950888TRLO0', '00068950889TRLO0', '00068950890TRLO0', '00068951051TRLO0', '00068951248TRLO0', '00068951411TRLO0', '00068951671TRLO0', '00068951896TRLO0', '00068951989TRLO0', '00068952223TRLO0', '00068952224TRLO0', '00068952225TRLO0', '00068952348TRLO0', '00068952349TRLO0', '00068952350TRLO0', '00068953126TRLO0', '00068953127TRLO0', '00068953128TRLO0', '00068954372TRLO0', '00068954373TRLO0', '00068955429TRLO0', '00068955430TRLO0', 'XLON', '00068943726TRLO0', '00068943727TRLO0', '00068943728TRLO0', '00068946145TRLO0', '00068946146TRLO0', '00068946156TRLO0', '00068946157TRLO0', '00068946278TRLO0', '00068946279TRLO0', '00068946288TRLO0', '00068946289TRLO0', '00068947010TRLO0', '00068947023TRLO0', '00068949997TRLO0', '00068949998TRLO0', '00068949999TRLO0', '00068950000TRLO0', '00068952501TRLO0', '00068952502TRLO0', '00068952503TRLO0', '00068952562TRLO0', '00068952563TRLO0', '00068953124TRLO0', '00068953125TRLO0', '00068955425TRLO0', '00068955426TRLO0', '00068955427TRLO0', '00068955655TRLO0', 'Dissemination', 'content']",2024-02-22,2024-02-22,markets.businessinsider.com
36523,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40290040,EU wheat slips back as supply pressure persists,PARIS: Euronext wheat eased on Wednesday after a day-earlier rebound stalled and hefty export supplies continued,PARIS: Euronext wheat eased on Wednesday after a day-earlier rebound stalled and hefty export supplies continued to weigh on the market. May milling wheat  the most active position on Paris-based Euronext  was down 0.9% at 197.50 euros ($213.46) a metric ton at 1614 GMT. It had climbed 2% on Tuesday to recover from a 2-1/2 year low of 194.25 euros  but failed to rise back above the psychological 200 euros threshold.Chicago wheat also fell on Wednesday after leading Tuesday’s rally in futures by adding more than 3% to recover from a three-month low. A weaker dollar along with speculation that extra sanctions planned by Washington against Moscow could hurt Russian wheat exports had encouraged a flurry of short-covering on Tuesday  traders said.But ample supplies of competitively priced wheat in Russia and the rest of the Black Sea zone hung over the market. “The supply outlook remains heavy in wheat as well as corn and soybeans ” a futures dealer said.The prospect of another bumper harvest in Russia this year was taking attention away from rain-disrupted planting in western Europe that could reduce production there.The French wheat market was nonetheless being supported by a brisk export loading programme  mainly to Morocco and China  as shown by LSEG port data.Strong recent shipments from France have helped European Union wheat exports to narrow a gap with last season’s volume  though missing figures in official EU reporting were preventing exact year-on-year comparisons.Financial investors extended their net short position in Euronext wheat last week  data published by the exchange on Wednesday showed.,neutral,0.04,0.83,0.13,negative,0.12,0.18,0.69,True,English,"['EU wheat', 'supply pressure', 'brisk export loading programme', 'European Union wheat exports', 'hefty export supplies', 'Black Sea zone', 'Strong recent shipments', 'official EU reporting', 'Russian wheat exports', 'net short position', 'May milling wheat', '2-1/2 year low', 'LSEG port data', 'French wheat market', 'active position', 'three-month low', 'ample supplies', 'year comparisons', 'Euronext wheat', 'Chicago wheat', 'day-earlier rebound', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'metric ton', 'weaker dollar', 'extra sanctions', 'supply outlook', 'bumper harvest', 'rain-disrupted planting', 'western Europe', 'last season', 'missing figures', 'Financial investors', 'futures dealer', '200 euros threshold', '197.50 euros', '194.25 euros', 'Wednesday', '1614 GMT', 'Tuesday', 'psychological', 'rally', 'speculation', 'Washington', 'Moscow', 'flurry', 'short-covering', 'traders', 'rest', 'corn', 'soybeans', 'prospect', 'attention', 'production', 'Morocco', 'China', 'France', 'gap', 'volume', 'exact', 'exchange']",2024-02-22,2024-02-22,brecorder.com
