UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
50742,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/economy/russian-court-orders-recovery-of-around-185-million-from-euroclear/ar-AA1F2N8V,Russian court orders recovery of around $185 million from Euroclear,A Russian court has ordered the recovery of almost 15 billion roubles ($185 million) from Belgium's Euroclear in a lawsuit filed by First Asset Management  the former division of Russia's largest lender Sberbank confirmed on Monday.,A Russian court has ordered the recovery of almost 15 billion roubles ($185 million) from Belgium's Euroclear in a lawsuit filed by First Asset Management  the former division of Russia's largest lender Sberbank confirmed on Monday.,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Russian court orders', 'recovery', 'Euroclear', 'First Asset Management', 'Russian court', '15 billion roubles', 'former division', 'largest lender', 'recovery', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', 'lawsuit', 'Sberbank', 'Monday']",2025-05-19,2025-05-19,msn.com
50743,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6114037,NOTICE TO THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF DOVRE GROUP PLC,Dovre Group Plc Stock Exchange Release May 19  2025  at 10 a.m. NOTICE TO THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF DOVRE GROUP PLC. Notice is given to the shareholders of Dovre Group,Dovre Group Plc Stock Exchange Release May 19  2025  at 10 a.m.NOTICE TO THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF DOVRE GROUP PLCNotice is given to the shareholders of Dovre Group Plc (“Dovre” or the “Company”) to the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) to be held on Thursday  June 12  2025  at 10:00 a.m. at Dovre headquarters  address Ahventie 4  02170 Espoo. The reception of the persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9:30 a.m. at the meeting venue.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGAt the EGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Resolution on the distribution of dividendThe parent company’s distributable funds as on December 31  2024 amounted to EUR 16 951 447.40. Shareholders representing over fourty (40) percent of the Company’s shares have proposed to the Extraordinary General meeting to resolve to pay a dividend of EUR 0.03 per share. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend is paid on June 25  2025 to a shareholder who on the dividend record date June 16  2025  is registered in the Company's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.7. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsBoard of Directors proposes to the AGM that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members shall be as follows: The Chairman of the Board is paid EUR 43 000 (previously 35 000)  the Vice Chairman of the Board EUR 38 000 (previously 30 000)  and each other member of the Board EUR 33 000 (previously 25 000).In addition  it is proposed that reasonable travel expenses incurred by the Board members be compensated according to the actual costs.The remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors shall be paid in cash.8. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing over 40% of the total shares in the Company have indicated to propose to the AGM that the number of Board members be three (3).9. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing over 40% of the total shares in the Company have indicated to propose to the EGM that the current member of the Board  Ilari Koskelo  be re-elected as a member of the Board. The proposed new members are Tomi Merenheimo and Ville Vuori. The above-mentioned shareholders propose that Ville Vuori be elected as the Chairman of the Board.More information of the nominees and their independence of the company can be found at https://www.dovregroup.com/investors/releases-and-events/.In accordance with the shareholders’ proposal  both genders would not be represented on the Board of Directors  as suitable candidates have not been identified. The company aims to achieve balanced gender representation in the next Annual General Meeting when electing the Board.10. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGProposals of the Board of Directors  the stock exchange release concerning the transaction as well as this notice are available on the Company’s website www.dovregroup.com. The proposals of the Board of Directors are also available at the EGM. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  on the record date June 2  2025  has the right to participate the EGM. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholder register of the Company.The registration period for the EGM commences on May 19  2025. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company and who wants to participate in the EGM  must register no later than on June 9  2025  10:00 a.m.  by which time the registration must be received.Registration for the EGM can be made:a) on Dovre Group Plc’s website at www.dovregroup.comb) by email to [email protected]c) by telephone to Dovre Group Plc/Marja Saukkonen  tel. +358 50 385 4296In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number  and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Dovre Group Plc is used only in connection with the EGM and with the processing of related necessary registrations.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the EGM by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the EGM on June 2  2025. The right to participate requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been registered into the temporary shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by June 9  2025  by 10:00 a.m. In regard to nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the EGM. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the EGM do not affect the right to participate in the EGM or the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the EGM from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the EGM  into the temporary shareholder register of the Company at the latest by June 9  2025  by 10:00 a.m.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the EGM and exercise his/her rights at the meeting through a proxy representative. A proxy representative shall produce a duly dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the EGM. When a shareholder participates in the EGM by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the EGM.Any proxy documents should be delivered in original to Dovre Group Plc/Marja Saukkonen  Ahventie 4 B  02170 Espoo  Finland  or as a scanned copy by email to [email protected] by the last date of registration. In addition to the delivery of the proxy documents the shareholder or the proxy representative shall register for the EGM as described in this notice.4. Other informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the EGM has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in Dovre Group Plc is 105 956 494.Espoo  May 19  2025Dovre Group PlcBoard of DirectorsFor further information please contact Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors Ilari Koskelo tel. +358 40 510 8408.DISTRIBUTIONNasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.dovregroup.comAttachments,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.4,0.28,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'DOVRE GROUP PLC', 'NOTICE', 'Dovre Group Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'reasonable travel expenses', 'balanced gender representation', 'related necessary registrations', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'personal identification number', 'nominee registered shares', 'dividend record date', 'Dovre headquarters', 'personal data', 'annual remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'voting tickets', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'distributable funds', 'fourty (40) percent', 'actual costs', 'Ilari Koskelo', 'Tomi Merenheimo', 'Ville Vuori', 'More information', 'suitable candidates', 'C. INSTRUCTIONS', 'Marja Saukkonen', 'business ID', 'possible assistant', 'proxy representative', 'total shares', 'other member', 'current member', 'new members', 'B. DOCUMENTS', 'telephone number', 'shareholder register', 'Vice Chairman', 'shareholders’ proposal', 'shareholders’ register', 'A. MATTERS', 'registration period', 'parent company', 'Board members', '10 a', '10:00 a', 'NOTICE', 'EGM', 'Thursday', 'June', 'address', 'Ahventie', '02170 Espoo', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'Resolution', 'December', 'Directors', 'AGM', 'addition', 'cash', 'nominees', 'independence', 'dovregroup', 'investors', 'releases', 'events', 'accordance', 'genders', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'transaction', 'website', 'Copies', 'request', 'PARTICIPANTS', 'right', 'May', 'time', 'email', 'connection', 'name', 'processing', 'virtue', '9:30']",2025-05-19,2025-05-19,taiwannews.com.tw
50744,Euroclear,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/timetable-isin-change-nasdaq-stockholm-060000864.html,UPDATE ON TIMETABLE FOR ISIN CHANGE ON NASDAQ STOCKHOLM AND RECORD DATE FOR DIVIDEND,"Meren Energy Inc. (""Meren"" or the ""Company"") corrects the timetable regarding the ISIN change on Nasdaq Stockholm. View PDF version","VANCOUVER  BC  May 19  2025 /CNW/ - (TSX: AOI) (Nasdaq-Stockholm: AOI) – Meren Energy Inc. (""Meren"" or the ""Company"") corrects the timetable regarding the ISIN change on Nasdaq Stockholm. View PDF versionThe last day of trading in the current ISIN on Nasdaq Stockholm will be May 21  2025  and the first day of trading in the new ISIN on Nasdaq Stockholm will be May 22  2025. The record date regarding the ISIN change for shares affiliated with Euroclear Sweden will be May 23  2025 and the completion date regarding the ISIN change for shares affiliated with Euroclear Sweden will be May 26  2025. Trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange will commence under the new CUSIP as previously noted at the open of trading on May 20  2025.The Company has also determined to update its record date for the quarterly dividend announced on May 14  2025 from May 26  2025 to May 28  2025. The payment dates will remain the same as previously announced  being June 11  2025 for shares traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange and June 16  2025 for shares traded on Nasdaq Stockholm.This is an administrative matter and shareholders do not need to take any action.About MerenMeren is a full-cycle Independent upstream oil and gas company with interests offshore Nigeria  Namibia  South Africa and Equatorial Guinea. Its main assets are producing and development assets in deepwater Nigeria operated by Majors. The Company holds a leading position in the Orange Basin including its effective interest in the Venus light oil project  offshore Namibia  and its direct interest in Block 3B/4B  offshore South Africa.Additional InformationThis information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  at 2:00 a.m. EST on May 19  2025.Forward Looking InformationCertain statements and information contained herein constitute ""forward-looking information"" (within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation)  including in respect of trading under the new name Meren Energy Inc. and trading symbols 'MER' on May 20/22  2025  creating value and delivering shareholder return  ""forward looking statements"") relate to future events or the Company's future performance  business prospects or opportunities.All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. Statements concerning proven and probable reserves and resource estimates may also be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements and reflect conclusions that are based on certain assumptions that the reserves and resources can be economically exploited. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions  expectations  beliefs  plans  projections  objectives  assumptions or future events or performance (often  but not always  using words or phrases such as ""seek""  ""anticipate""  ""plan""  ""continue""  ""estimate""  ""expect  ""may""  ""will""  ""project""  ""predict""  ""potential""  ""targeting""  ""intend""  ""could""  ""might""  ""should""  ""believe"" and similar expressions) are not statements of historical fact and may be ""forward-looking statements"". Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  ongoing uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements  including statements pertaining to dividend distributions  share repurchase programs  the 2025 Management Guidance including production  cashflow from operation and capital investment estimates  performance of commodity hedges  the results  schedules and costs of exploratory drilling activity  uninsured risks  regulatory and fiscal changes  availability of materials and equipment  unanticipated environmental impacts on operations  duration of the drilling program  availability of third party service providers and defects in title. No assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct and such forward-looking statements should not be unduly relied upon. The Company does not intend  and does not assume any obligation  to update these forward-looking statements  except as required by applicable laws. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties relating to  among other things  changes in macro-economic conditions and their impact on operations  changes in oil prices  reservoir and production facility performance  hedging counterparty contractual performance  results of exploration and development activities  cost overruns  uninsured risks  regulatory and fiscal changes  defects in title  claims and legal proceedings  availability of materials and equipment  availability of skilled personnel  timeliness of government or other regulatory approvals  actual performance of facilities  joint venture partner underperformance  availability of financing on reasonable terms  availability of third party service providers  equipment and processes relative to specifications and expectations and unanticipated environmental  health and safety impacts on operations. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.18,0.19,0.63,True,English,"['ISIN CHANGE', 'NASDAQ STOCKHOLM', 'RECORD DATE', 'UPDATE', 'TIMETABLE', 'DIVIDEND', 'third party service providers', 'joint venture partner underperformance', 'full-cycle Independent upstream oil', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'Venus light oil project', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'share repurchase programs', 'unanticipated environmental, health', 'capital investment estimates', 'exploratory drilling activity', 'unanticipated environmental impacts', 'counterparty contractual performance', 'Meren Energy Inc', 'production facility performance', 'other regulatory approvals', 'oil prices', 'applicable laws', 'resource estimates', 'drilling program', 'safety impacts', 'other factors', 'other things', 'ISIN change', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'PDF version', 'last day', 'current ISIN', 'first day', 'new ISIN', 'record date', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'completion date', 'new CUSIP', 'quarterly dividend', 'payment dates', 'administrative matter', 'South Africa', 'Equatorial Guinea', 'main assets', 'development assets', 'leading position', 'Orange Basin', 'effective interest', 'direct interest', 'Block 3B/4B', 'contact persons', 'new name', 'shareholder return', 'future performance', 'business prospects', 'historical fact', 'similar expressions', 'dividend distributions', '2025 Management Guidance', 'commodity hedges', 'macro-economic conditions', 'development activities', 'cost overruns', 'legal proceedings', 'skilled personnel', 'reasonable terms', 'unknown risks', 'uninsured risks', 'future events', 'Certain statements', 'looking statements', 'The Company', 'gas company', 'deepwater Nigeria', 'probable reserves', 'ongoing uncertainties', 'actual results', 'fiscal changes', 'Additional Information', 'looking information', 'trading symbols', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'CNW', 'TSX', 'AOI', 'Nasdaq-Stockholm', 'timetable', 'May', 'shares', 'open', 'June', 'shareholders', 'action', 'interests', 'offshore', 'Namibia', 'Majors', 'publication', 'agency', '2:00 a', 'forward', 'meaning', 'respect', 'value', 'opportunities', 'proven', 'conclusions', 'assumptions', 'resources', 'discussions', 'predictions', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'plans', 'projections', 'objectives', 'words', 'phrases', 'seek', 'cashflow', 'operation', 'schedules', 'costs', 'availability', 'materials', 'equipment', 'duration', 'defects', 'title', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'reservoir', 'exploration', 'claims', 'timeliness', 'government', 'facilities', 'financing', 'processes', 'specifications']",2025-05-19,2025-05-19,ca.finance.yahoo.com
50745,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-ae/money/news/deutsche-boerse-euronext-step-up-battle-against-ipo-flight-to-us/ar-AA1F4UYS,Deutsche Boerse  Euronext step up battle against IPO flight to US,Two of Europe's major stock exchange operators are stepping up efforts to retain local initial public offerings in the face of U.S. competition  with marketing and research challenging the perception that New York-listed companies fetch higher valuations.,Two of Europe's major stock exchange operators are stepping up efforts to retain local initial public offerings in the face of U.S. competition  with marketing and research challenging the perception that New York-listed companies fetch higher valuations.,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'IPO flight', 'Euronext', 'battle', 'US', 'major stock exchange operators', 'local initial public offerings', 'U.S. competition', 'New York-listed companies', 'higher valuations', 'Europe', 'efforts', 'face', 'marketing', 'research', 'perception']",2025-05-19,2025-05-19,msn.com
50746,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://techbullion.com/the-rise-of-fintech-in-germany/,The Rise of Fintech in Germany,Germany’s fintech industry has grown exponentially over the past decade. Berlin  Frankfurt  and Munich have become major hubs  attracting startups and global investors. The country’s strong banking infrastructure ,Germany’s fintech industry has grown exponentially over the past decade. Berlin  Frankfurt  and Munich have become major hubs  attracting startups and global investors. The country’s strong banking infrastructure  tech-savvy population  and supportive government policies have fueled this expansion.One key driver is the increasing demand for digital banking solutions. Traditional banks are partnering with fintech firms to enhance their services  while neobanks like N26 and Trade Republic are redefining customer expectations. Mobile payments  blockchain technology  and AI-driven financial tools are also gaining traction.Key Trends Shaping Germany’s Fintech SpaceDigital Banking & Neobanks Are ThrivingNeobanks  or digital-only banks  have disrupted Germany’s financial sector. Companies like N26  Vivid Money  and Revolut offer seamless  user-friendly banking experiences without physical branches. These platforms appeal to younger consumers who prefer mobile-first solutions.Moreover  traditional banks are responding by launching their own digital subsidiaries. For instance  Deutsche Bank’s “Fyrst” targets Gen Z users  proving that even legacy institutions recognize the need for innovation.Embedded Finance Is Gaining MomentumEmbedded finance integrates financial services into non-financial platforms. For example  e-commerce sites now offer instant loans  and ride-sharing apps provide insurance options. This trend is growing in Germany  with fintechs collaborating with retailers  telecom companies  and even automotive firms.By embedding payment solutions  lending  and insurance into everyday services  businesses enhance customer convenience while opening new revenue streams.Blockchain & Crypto Adoption Is IncreasingGermany is becoming a hotspot for blockchain and cryptocurrency innovation. The country has a progressive regulatory stance  with BaFin (Germany’s financial watchdog) granting crypto custody licenses to firms like Coinbase and Binance.Additionally  institutional interest in digital assets is rising. Major banks  including Deutsche Börse  are exploring blockchain for securities trading  while startups leverage decentralized finance (DeFi) for peer-to-peer lending and smart contracts.AI & Machine Learning Are Enhancing Financial ServicesArtificial intelligence is transforming how financial services operate. Chatbots handle customer inquiries  while machine learning algorithms detect fraud and assess credit risks. German fintechs are at the forefront  using AI to personalize banking experiences and improve efficiency.For example  Kreditech (now Monedo) uses alternative data and AI to offer loans to underserved customers. Similarly  insurance tech startups like Getsafe automate claims processing  reducing costs and wait times.Regulatory Technology (Regtech) Is on the RiseWith strict financial regulations  German fintechs are turning to regtech solutions to ensure compliance. Automated tools help companies monitor transactions  prevent money laundering  and adhere to GDPR and PSD2 requirements.This trend is particularly crucial as regulators tighten oversight on digital payments and crypto assets. Fintechs that invest in compliance tech gain a competitive edge while minimizing legal risks.Challenges Facing Germany’s Fintech SectorDespite its rapid growth  the fintech industry in Germany faces several hurdles:Strict Regulatory EnvironmentGermany has robust financial regulations  which  while ensuring stability  can slow innovation. Compliance with BaFin rules  anti-money laundering (AML) laws  and data protection policies requires significant resources. Startups often struggle with the bureaucratic burden  delaying product launches.High Competition & Market SaturationThe success of fintech in Germany has led to fierce competition. Digital banking  payment solutions  and investment platforms are crowded spaces. New entrants must differentiate themselves through unique features  better pricing  or superior customer service.Talent Shortage in Tech & FinanceGermany faces a shortage of skilled professionals in both tech and finance. Fintechs compete with big tech firms and traditional banks for top talent  driving up hiring costs. Companies must invest in training and attract international experts to bridge this gap.Cybersecurity ThreatsAs fintech relies heavily on digital platforms  cybersecurity is a major concern. Data breaches  phishing attacks  and fraud can erode consumer trust. Firms must prioritize robust encryption  multi-factor authentication  and continuous monitoring to safeguard user data.Opportunities for Growth in German FintechWhile challenges exist  the future of fintech in Germany remains bright. Here are key opportunities for growth:Expansion into B2B Financial ServicesMany fintechs focus on consumer-facing solutions  but B2B financial services offer untapped potential. SMEs (small and medium enterprises) need better lending  invoicing  and cash flow management tools. Fintechs that cater to businesses can fill this gap.Collaboration with Traditional BanksRather than competing  fintechs can partner with traditional banks to enhance digital offerings. Joint ventures and white-label solutions allow banks to modernize while fintechs gain access to established customer bases.Green Fintech & Sustainable FinanceSustainability is a growing priority in Germany. Green fintech solutions  such as carbon footprint tracking and ESG (environmental  social  governance) investing platforms  are gaining popularity. Startups that align with eco-friendly finance trends can attract conscious investors.Cross-Border Expansion in the EUGermany’s central location in Europe makes it an ideal launchpad for EU expansion. Fintechs can leverage passporting rights under PSD2 to offer services across member states without additional licenses.Open Banking & API InnovationsOpen banking regulations mandate that banks share customer data (with consent) via APIs. Fintechs can use this data to create personalized financial products  from budgeting apps to automated investment platforms.ConclusionGermany’s fintech sector is dynamic  driven by digital banking  AI  blockchain  and regulatory advancements. While challenges like strict compliance and talent shortages persist  opportunities in B2B services  sustainability  and open banking are immense.Furthermore  collaboration between startups  banks  and regulators will be key. For investors and entrepreneurs  Germany remains a top destination for fintech innovation. By staying ahead of trends and addressing challenges proactively  the country can solidify its position as a global fintech leader.,neutral,0.31,0.68,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.35,0.51,True,English,"['The Rise', 'Fintech', 'Germany', 'cash flow management tools', 'seamless, user-friendly banking experiences', 'supportive government policies', 'Gen Z users', 'strong banking infrastructure', 'progressive regulatory stance', 'Strict Regulatory Environment', 'new revenue streams', 'AI-driven financial tools', 'strict financial regulations', 'robust financial regulations', 'One key driver', 'crypto custody licenses', 'data protection policies', 'superior customer service', 'Deutsche Börse', 'machine learning algorithms', 'B2B Financial Services', 'digital banking solutions', 'big tech firms', 'insurance tech startups', 'Automated tools', 'Regulatory Technology', 'Deutsche Bank', 'New entrants', 'Traditional B', 'financial sector', 'financial watchdog', 'Key Trends', 'Crypto Adoption', 'crypto assets', 'customer expectations', 'customer convenience', 'customer inquiries', 'alternative data', 'Data breaches', 'user data', 'financial platforms', 'mobile-first solutions', 'payment solutions', 'consumer-facing solutions', 'digital subsidiaries', 'everyday services', 'digital assets', 'digital payments', 'past decade', 'major hubs', 'global investors', 'tech-savvy population', 'increasing demand', 'Trade Republic', 'Mobile payments', 'digital-only banks', 'Vivid Money', 'physical branches', 'younger consumers', 'legacy institutions', 'e-commerce sites', 'ride-sharing apps', 'insurance options', 'institutional interest', 'Major banks', 'securities trading', 'smart contracts', 'Artificial intelligence', 'credit risks', 'claims processing', 'wait times', 'money laundering', 'PSD2 requirements', 'competitive edge', 'legal risks', 'several hurdles', 'AML) laws', 'significant resources', 'bureaucratic burden', 'product launches', 'High Competition', 'Market Saturation', 'fierce competition', 'unique features', 'skilled professionals', 'top talent', 'international experts', 'major concern', 'phishing attacks', 'consumer trust', 'multi-factor authentication', 'continuous monitoring', 'untapped potential', 'medium enterprises', 'digital platforms', 'key opportunities', 'automotive firms', 'investment platforms', 'fintech industry', 'Fintech Space', 'Fintech Sector', 'German Fintech', 'regtech solutions', 'Embedded Finance', 'decentralized finance', 'instant loans', 'peer lending', 'BaFin rules', 'Talent Shortage', 'hiring costs', 'Cybersecurity Threats', 'fintech firms', 'Many fintechs', 'cryptocurrency innovation', 'compliance tech', 'rapid growth', 'blockchain technology', 'telecom companies', 'Germany', 'Berlin', 'Frankfurt', 'Munich', 'country', 'expansion', 'neobanks', 'N26', 'traction', 'Revolut', 'instance', 'Fyrst', 'need', 'Momentum', 'example', 'retailers', 'businesses', 'hotspot', 'Coinbase', 'Binance', 'DeFi', 'Chatbots', 'fraud', 'forefront', 'efficiency', 'Kreditech', 'Monedo', 'underserved', 'customers', 'Getsafe', 'transactions', 'GDPR', 'regulators', 'oversight', 'Challenges', 'stability', 'success', 'spaces', 'pricing', 'training', 'gap', 'future', 'SMEs', 'small', 'invoicing', 'Collaboration']",2025-05-19,2025-05-19,techbullion.com
50747,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/05/18/invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-target-of-unusually-high-options-trading-nysearcarsp/,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Target of Unusually High Options Trading (NYSEARCA:RSP),Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Get Free Report) saw some unusual options trading activity on Friday. Stock traders acquired 23 397 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 67% compared to the average daily volum…,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Get Free Report) saw some unusual options trading activity on Friday. Stock traders acquired 23 397 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 67% compared to the average daily volume of 14 047 put options.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Up 1.0%Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock opened at $179.99 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $73.76 billion  a PE ratio of 20.59 and a beta of 1.00. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a twelve month low of $150.35 and a twelve month high of $188.16. The company has a 50 day moving average of $168.97 and a 200-day moving average of $176.34.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Institutional Trading of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFInstitutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the business. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. boosted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 157.1% during the fourth quarter. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. now owns 144 shares of the company’s stock worth $25 000 after purchasing an additional 88 shares during the last quarter. Uniplan Investment Counsel Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the first quarter worth $26 000. FPC Investment Advisory Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter worth $28 000. Van ECK Associates Corp raised its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 105.4% during the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 152 shares of the company’s stock worth $27 000 after acquiring an additional 78 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Cambridge Financial Group Inc. bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter worth $28 000.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Target', 'High Options Trading', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', 'Uniplan Investment Counsel Inc.', 'FPC Investment Advisory Inc.', 'Van ECK Associates Corp', 'Cambridge Financial Group Inc.', 'unusual options trading activity', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'average daily volume', '50 day moving average', '200-day moving average', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'twelve month low', 'Free Report', 'Institutional Trading', 'daily performance', 'financial companies', 'email address', 'Stock traders', '23,397 put options', '14,047 put options', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'Institutional investors', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'first quarter', 'new stake', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'new position', 'additional 88 shares', 'additional 78 shares', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", '144 shares', '152 shares', 'Get', 'Friday', 'increase', 'beta', 'company', 'changes', 'positions', 'business', 'holdings', 'transportation']",2025-05-18,2025-05-19,etfdailynews.com
50748,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.santelog.com/actualites-sante-nasdaq/eurobio-scientific-eb-development-rises-above-90-threshold,Eurobio Scientific: EB Development rises above 90% threshold,EB Development now holds 9 224 652 shares  or 90.01% of Eurobio Scientific's share capital and 90.01% of its voting rights.,About Eurobio Scientific Eurobio Scientific is a major player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is involved from research to marketing of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology and infectious diseases  and offers dedicated reagents for research laboratories  including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. With its numerous partnerships and strong hospital presence  Eurobio Scientific has its own extensive distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary products. The Group has around 320 employees  four production units based in the Paris region  Germany  the Netherlands and the USA  and subsidiaries in Milan (Italy)  Dorking (UK)  Sissach (Switzerland)  Bünde (Germany)  Antwerp (Belgium) and Utrecht (Netherlands). Eurobio Scientific's reference shareholders are the funds IK Partners and NextStage AM  together with its two directors Jean-Michel Carle and Denis Fortier. For further information  visit Eurobio Scientific shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris. Euronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indices  Euronext European Rising Tech label.mnemonic: ALERS - ISIN code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FP,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Eurobio Scientific', 'EB Development', '90% threshold', 'Euronext European Rising Tech', 'Euronext Growth BPI Innovation', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'strong hospital presence', 'extensive distribution network', 'four production units', 'Next Biotech indices', 'Eurobio Scientific shares', 'Paris region', 'major player', 'vitro diagnostics', 'diagnostic tests', 'infectious diseases', 'dedicated reagents', 'biotechnology companies', 'numerous partnerships', 'proprietary products', 'The Group', 'Bünde', 'reference shareholders', 'IK Partners', 'NextStage AM', 'two directors', 'Jean-Michel Carle', 'Denis Fortier', 'ISIN code', 'research laboratories', 'field', 'specialty', 'marketing', 'transplantation', 'immunology', 'pharmaceutical', 'portfolio', '320 employees', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'USA', 'subsidiaries', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Dorking', 'UK', 'Sissach', 'Switzerland', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Utrecht', 'funds', 'information', 'PEA-PME', 'ALERS', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg']",2025-05-19,2025-05-19,santelog.com
50749,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-ae/money/news/deutsche-boerse-euronext-step-up-battle-against-ipo-flight-to-us/ar-AA1F4UYS,Deutsche Boerse  Euronext step up battle against IPO flight to US,Two of Europe's major stock exchange operators are stepping up efforts to retain local initial public offerings in the face of U.S. competition  with marketing and research challenging the perception that New York-listed companies fetch higher valuations.,Two of Europe's major stock exchange operators are stepping up efforts to retain local initial public offerings in the face of U.S. competition  with marketing and research challenging the perception that New York-listed companies fetch higher valuations.,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'IPO flight', 'Euronext', 'battle', 'US', 'major stock exchange operators', 'local initial public offerings', 'U.S. competition', 'New York-listed companies', 'higher valuations', 'Europe', 'efforts', 'face', 'marketing', 'research', 'perception']",2025-05-19,2025-05-19,msn.com
50750,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/titan-group-completion-divestment-75-171800318.html,TITAN Group: Completion of the Divestment of the 75% Stake in Adocim in Eastern Türkiye,Titan S.A. (Euronext Brussels  ATHEX and Euronext Paris  TITC) announces that following the receipt of all customary regulatory approvals  the transaction regarding the divestment of its 75% share in Adocim Cimento Beton Sanayi ve Ticaret A.,BRUSSELS  May 19  2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Titan S.A. (Euronext Brussels  ATHEX and Euronext Paris  TITC) announces that following the receipt of all customary regulatory approvals  the transaction regarding the divestment of its 75% share in Adocim Cimento Beton Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S.  as initially announced on 19 February 2025  has now been finalized. The Group will continue to operate cement grinding and supplementary cementitious assets in other parts of Türkiye.This divestment forms part of TITAN’s Group broader strategy to strengthen its portfolio.This press release may be consulted on the website of Titan SA via this link: https://ir.titanmaterials.com/en/regulatory-stock-exchange-announcementsFor further information  please contact Investor Relations at +30 210 2591 257About TITAN GroupTITAN Group is a leading international business in the building and infrastructure materials industry  with passionate teams committed to providing innovative solutions for a better world. With most of its activity in the developed markets  the Group employs over 5 700 people and is present in over 25 countries  holding prominent positions in the US  Europe  including Greece  the Balkans  and the Eastern Mediterranean. The Group also has joint ventures in Brazil and India. With a 120-year history  TITAN has always fostered a family-and entrepreneurial-oriented culture for its employees and works tirelessly with its customers to meet the modern needs of society while promoting sustainable growth with responsibility and integrity. TITAN has set a net-zero goal for 2050 and has its CO₂ reduction targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The company is listed on Euronext and the Athens Exchange. For more information  visit our website at www.titanmaterials.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250519446349/en/Contactsmedia@titanmaterials.com,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Eastern Türkiye', 'TITAN Group', 'Completion', 'Divestment', '75% Stake', 'Adocim', 'Adocim Cimento Beton Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S.', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Titan S.A.', 'CO₂ reduction targets', 'supplementary cementitious assets', 'infrastructure materials industry', 'customary regulatory approvals', 'leading international business', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'cement grinding', 'other parts', 'Türkiye', 'broader strategy', 'press release', 'Investor Relations', 'passionate teams', 'innovative solutions', 'developed markets', 'prominent positions', 'Eastern Mediterranean', 'joint ventures', '120-year history', 'entrepreneurial-oriented culture', 'modern needs', 'sustainable growth', 'net-zero goal', 'Athens Exchange', 'source version', 'Titan SA', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'TITAN Group', 'Euronext Brussels', 'May', 'ATHEX', 'TITC', 'receipt', 'transaction', 'divestment', '75% share', '19 February', 'portfolio', 'website', 'link', 'titanmaterials', 'regulatory-stock-exchange-announcements', 'information', 'building', 'world', 'activity', '5,700 people', '25 countries', 'Europe', 'Greece', 'Balkans', 'Brazil', 'India', 'employees', 'customers', 'society', 'responsibility', 'integrity', 'SBTi', 'company', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', '30', '2050']",2025-05-19,2025-05-19,finance.yahoo.com
50751,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.drivespark.com/four-wheelers/2025/six-stellantis-executives-recognized-among-leading-women-auto-industry-011-70569.html,Six Stellantis Executives Honoured As Leading Women In North American Automotive Industry,Six Stellantis executives have been recognised as part of the 100 Leading Women in North American automotive by Automotive News  showcasing their influence.,"SUVs Lead UK Automotive Market: Over Half Of New Models Available In 2025 Are SUVsFour wheelers Six Stellantis Executives Honoured As Leading Women In North American Automotive Industry -Irwin MillsSix executives from Stellantis have been recognised among the top 100 Leading Women in North America's automotive sector by Automotive News. This list  published every five years since 2000  highlights influential decision-makers within their companies. The 2025 honourees from Stellantis include Chris Feuell  Barbara Pilarski  Teresa Thiele  Linda Trbizan  Tara Vatcher  and Marlo Vitous.Antonio Filosa  Stellantis' chief operating officer for the Americas and chief quality officer  expressed pride in these women. He stated  ""The Stellantis women recognized as part of this impressive class are the very best in their respective fields  demonstrate the highest integrity and serve as role models for the next generation of leaders."" He added that these leaders exemplify Stellantis' dedication to nurturing exceptional talent.The 2025 class includes professionals from various fields such as engineering  mobility leadership  manufacturing  marketing  finance  dealership management  and design. They were selected through a rigorous nomination and evaluation process that received numerous entries from across the U.S.  Canada  and Mexico. These honourees will be featured in a special section of Automotive News on May 19.Chris Feuell is set to speak at the Automotive News Leading Women Conference on May 20. Mary Beth Vander Schaaf of Automotive News noted the growth in leadership roles over time: ""Over the last 25 years...Automotive News has honored 442 executives."" She highlighted that this year's list includes 24 presidents and CEOs alongside nine other C-suite executives.A gala event at The Henry Ford in Dearborn  Michigan will celebrate all honourees on May 19. Hosted by Automotive News  this event underscores the achievements of these influential women in the automotive industry.Since its founding in 1925  Automotive News has been a key source for updates on automotive retailers  suppliers  and manufacturers. Unlike other publications in its field  it remains entirely subscriber-funded. Its award-winning weekly print edition is complemented by a robust website and digital content supported by a global team of over 65 editors and reporters.Stellantis OverviewStellantis N.V.  listed on NYSE as STLA and Euronext Milan as STLAM among others  stands as a prominent global automaker. It focuses on providing customers with diverse mobility options while integrating advanced technologies to create value for stakeholders. Its brand portfolio includes renowned names like Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  Jeep among others.This recognition highlights Stellantis' commitment to fostering leadership within its ranks while celebrating women's contributions to the automotive industry. The event serves as an opportunity to acknowledge their impact and inspire future generations of leaders.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['North American Automotive Industry', 'Six Stellantis Executives', 'Leading Women', 'Mary Beth Vander Schaaf', 'award-winning weekly print edition', 'Automotive News Leading Women Conference', 'nine other C-suite executives', ""Stellantis' chief operating officer"", 'North American Automotive Industry', 'chief quality officer', 'top 100 Leading Women', 'prominent global automaker', 'diverse mobility options', 'UK Automotive Market', 'The Henry Ford', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Six Stellantis Executives', 'The Stellantis women', 'Six executives', 'other publications', 'global team', 'Citroën', 'automotive sector', 'automotive retailers', 'influential women', ""Stellantis' dedication"", 'Stellantis Overview', ""Stellantis' commitment"", 'mobility leadership', 'New Models', 'Four wheelers', 'Irwin Mills', 'influential decision-makers', 'Chris Feuell', 'Barbara Pilarski', 'Teresa Thiele', 'Linda Trbizan', 'Tara Vatcher', 'Marlo Vitous', 'Antonio Filosa', 'respective fields', 'highest integrity', 'role models', 'next generation', 'exceptional talent', 'various fields', 'dealership management', 'rigorous nomination', 'evaluation process', 'numerous entries', 'U.S.', 'special section', 'last 25 years', 'key source', 'robust website', 'digital content', 'Euronext Milan', 'advanced technologies', 'brand portfolio', 'renowned names', 'Alfa Romeo', 'future generations', 'leadership roles', 'impressive class', 'gala event', '442 executives', '2025 class', 'SUVs', 'Half', 'list', 'companies', '2025 honourees', 'Americas', 'pride', 'part', 'professionals', 'engineering', 'manufacturing', 'marketing', 'finance', 'design', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'May', 'growth', 'time', '24 presidents', 'CEOs', 'Dearborn', 'Michigan', 'achievements', 'founding', 'updates', 'suppliers', 'manufacturers', '65 editors', 'reporters', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'others', 'customers', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Jeep', 'recognition', 'ranks', 'contributions', 'opportunity', 'impact']",2025-05-20,2025-05-19,drivespark.com
50752,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/voltalia-announces-appointment-two-board-164500259.html,Voltalia announces the appointment of two new Board members  including one independent,Voltalia announces the appointment of two new Board members  including one independent Voltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces the appointment of two new board members.,VoltaliaVoltalia announces the appointment of two new Board members  including one independentVoltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces the appointment of two new board members. Their nomination has been validated by the shareholders during the Voltalia Annual General Meeting held on May 15  2025« Following last Thursday's Annual General Meeting  we are pleased to announce the appointment of Bertrand Cousin as an independent Board member  replacing Alain Papiasse  as well as the arrival of Alexis Grolin to Voltalia's Board of Directors.Their appointment enriches our governance with expertise that complements the rest of the Board  in the service of our strategic thinking and our ambition for sustainable and responsible growth. Following the continuous growth of his professional commitments  Alain Papiasse decided to terminate his mandate. We thank him warmly  he has allowed us to make great progress through his valuable contributions over the past five years »  comments Laurence Mulliez  Chairman of Volalia’s Board of Directors.M. Bertrand Cousin joins the Board as an independent director. He will join the Audit Committee as Chairman  and will replace Alain Papiasse  outgoing independent director. With over 30 years’ experience in the banking sector in France and abroad  he has notably managed several teams with responsibility for asset financing and infrastructure projects. His independent view and in-depth knowledge of global financial challenges will be valuable assets to support Voltalia's strategy.M. Alexis Grolin  with 20 years’ experience in asset management and business transformation  has contributed to structuring numerous projects in infrastructure  real estate and renewable energies. His expertise in corporate governance and impact investing reinforces Voltalia’s commitment to the energy transition.Following those appointments  Voltalia pursues its commitment to a rigorous governance  focused on innovation and operational excellence.Next on the agenda: Q2 2025 turnover  on July 23  2025 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 3.3 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 17.4 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With more than 2 000 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included  amongst others  in the MSCI ESG ratings and the Sustainalytics ratings. VoltaliaEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Press Relations Seitosei.Actifin - Jennifer Julliajennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['two new Board members', 'one independent', 'Voltalia', 'appointment', 'CAC Mid&Small indices', 'two new Board members', 'Voltalia Annual General Meeting', 'global financial challenges', 'MSCI ESG ratings', 'past five years', 'M. Bertrand Cousin', 'M. Alexis Grolin', 'Press Relations Seitosei', 'energy efficiency services', 'Euronext regulated market', 'independent Board member', 'renewable energy customers', 'energy transition', 'Sustainalytics ratings', '30 years’ experience', '20 years’ experience', 'renewable energies', 'one independent', 'independent director', 'independent view', 'Euronext Paris', 'international player', 'last Thursday', 'Alain Papiasse', 'strategic thinking', 'responsible growth', 'continuous growth', 'professional commitments', 'great progress', 'valuable contributions', 'Laurence Mulliez', 'Audit Committee', 'banking sector', 'several teams', 'asset financing', 'depth knowledge', 'valuable assets', 'asset management', 'business transformation', 'real estate', 'impact investing', 'operational excellence', 'Q2 2025 turnover', 'The Group', 'storage facilities', 'business market', 'comprehensive range', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'corporate governance', 'rigorous governance', 'numerous projects', 'service provider', 'total capacity', 'green electricity', 'infrastructure projects', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'appointment', 'code', 'ISIN', 'nomination', 'shareholders', 'May', 'arrival', 'Directors', 'expertise', 'rest', 'ambition', 'sustainable', 'mandate', 'comments', 'Chairman', 'Volalia', 'France', 'responsibility', 'strategy', 'innovation', 'agenda', 'July', 'hydro', 'biomass', '3.3 GW', 'construction', 'portfolio', 'development', '17.4 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', 'supply', '2,000 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'others', 'Email', 'T.', 'Actifin', 'Attachment']",2025-05-19,2025-05-19,finance.yahoo.com
50753,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/article/iseq-all-share-finishes-up-in-the-green-buoyed-by-gains-in-origin-enterprises/,Iseq All-Share finishes up in the green  buoyed by gains in Origin Enterprises,"The Iseq All-Share kicked off the trading week in the green  finishing up 1.14 per... Euronext  the operator of the Dublin Stock Exchange  has called on the government... The UK-EU deal  Keir Starmer said on Monday  is a ""win-win"" for all sides. But if...","The Iseq All-Share kicked off the trading week in the green  finishing up 1.14 per... Euronext  the operator of the Dublin Stock Exchange  has called on the government... The UK-EU deal  Keir Starmer said on Monday  is a ""win-win"" for all sides. But if...",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.05,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Iseq All-Share', 'Origin Enterprises', 'green', 'gains', 'The Iseq All-Share', 'Dublin Stock Exchange', 'trading week', 'UK-EU deal', 'Keir Starmer', 'green', 'Euronext', 'operator', 'government', 'Monday', 'win', 'sides']",2025-05-19,2025-05-19,businesspost.ie
