UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
38378,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854262/0/en/International-Petroleum-Corp-Annual-General-Meeting-to-be-held-on-May-8-2024.html,International Petroleum Corp. Annual General Meeting to be held on May 8  2024,TORONTO  March 28  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- International Petroleum Corporation (“IPC” or the “Corporation”) (TSX  Nasdaq Stockholm: IPCO) is pleased to announce that its Annual General Meeting (the “Meeting”) of holders of common shares (“Shareholders”) will…,"TORONTO  March 28  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- International Petroleum Corporation (“IPC” or the “Corporation”) (TSX  Nasdaq Stockholm: IPCO) is pleased to announce that its Annual General Meeting (the “Meeting”) of holders of common shares (“Shareholders”) will be held at the offices of Blake  Cassels and Graydon LLP  Suite 3500  855 - 2nd Street S.W.  Calgary  Alberta  Canada T2P 4J8 on Wednesday  May 8  2024 at 8:00 a.m. (Mountain time)  for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the financial year ended December 31  2023 and accompanying report of the auditor; To set the number of directors of the Corporation at eight; To elect the eight nominees of the Corporation standing for election as directors of the Corporation to hold office until the next annual meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is duly elected or appointed; To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers SA  as the auditor of the Corporation  to hold office until the next annual meeting of Shareholders and to authorize the directors to fix the auditor’s remuneration; and To transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Meeting.The record date for the Meeting is March 21  2024. The Notice of Meeting  the Management Information Circular dated March 22  2024 (the “Information Circular”) and related Meeting materials  and the Corporation’s Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31  2023  will be available under the Corporation’s profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on the Corporation’s website at www.international-petroleum.com.The Corporation is not aware of any items of business to be brought before the Meeting other than those described in the Information Circular and there will be no management presentation on the business and operations of the Corporation at the Meeting.Advice to Holders of Euroclear Sweden Registered Common SharesShareholders who hold their common shares (“Euroclear Registered Common Shares”) through Euroclear Sweden AB  which common shares trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm  are not registered holders of common shares for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Common Shares are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Common Shares will receive a voting instruction form (the “VIF”) by mail directly from Computershare AB (“Computershare Sweden”). Additional copies of the VIF  together with the Information Circular  can also be obtained from Computershare Sweden and are available on the Corporation’s website at www.international-petroleum.com. The VIF cannot be used to vote common shares directly at the Meeting. Instead  the VIF must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines as further described in the instructions provided with the VIF.International Petroleum Corp. (IPC) is an international oil and gas exploration and production company with a high quality portfolio of assets located in Canada  Malaysia and France  providing a solid foundation for organic and inorganic growth. IPC is a member of the Lundin Group of Companies. IPC is incorporated in Canada and IPC’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and the Nasdaq Stockholm under the symbol ""IPCO"".For further information  please contact:Rebecca GordonSVP Corporate Planning and Investor Relationsrebecca.gordon@international-petroleum.comTel: +41 22 595 10 50Or Robert ErikssonMedia Managerreriksson@rive6.chTel: +46 701 11 26 15The information was submitted for publication  through the contact persons set out above  at 17:00 CET on March 28  2024.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements and information which constitute ""forward-looking statements"" or ""forward-looking information"" (within the meaning of applicable securities legislation). Such statements and information (together  ""forward-looking statements"") relate to future events  including the Corporation's future performance  business prospects or opportunities. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release  unless otherwise indicated. IPC does not intend  and does not assume any obligation  to update these forward-looking statements  except as required by applicable laws.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['International Petroleum Corp. Annual General Meeting', 'May', 'Robert Eriksson Media Manager reriksson', 'Euroclear Sweden Registered Common Shares', '2nd Street S.W.', 'Euroclear Registered Common Shares', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'high quality portfolio', 'SVP Corporate Planning', 'Investor Relations rebecca', 'voting instruction form', 'International Petroleum Corp.', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'Annual Information Form', 'Canada T2P 4J8', 'Annual General Meeting', 'next annual meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'applicable securities legislation', 'Management Information Circular', 'International Petroleum Corporation', 'Computershare Sweden', 'international oil', 'management presentation', 'Computershare AB', 'applicable laws', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Graydon LLP', 'Mountain time', 'financial year', 'accompanying report', 'eight nominees', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers SA', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'Additional copies', 'gas exploration', 'production company', 'solid foundation', 'inorganic growth', 'Lundin Group', 'Rebecca Gordon', 'contact persons', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'Such statements', 'future events', 'future performance', 'Actual results', 'cautionary statement', 'looking information', 'Meeting materials', 'following purposes', 'other business', 'record date', 'business prospects', 'The Corporation', 'The VIF', 'IPC', 'TSX', 'holders', 'offices', 'Blake', 'Cassels', 'Suite', 'Calgary', 'Alberta', 'Wednesday', 'May', '8:00 a', 'auditor', 'number', 'directors', 'election', 'successor', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'March', 'Notice', 'related', 'December', 'profile', 'SEDAR+', 'sedarplus', 'website', 'items', 'operations', 'Advice', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', 'assets', 'Malaysia', 'France', 'member', 'Companies', 'symbol', 'Tel', 'rive', 'publication', '17:00 CET', 'meaning', 'opportunities', 'obligation', '855', '41', '46 701']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38379,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INTERNATIONAL-PETROLEUM-C-42379179/news/International-Petroleum-Corp-Annual-General-Meeting-to-be-held-on-May-8-2024-46312823/,International Petroleum Corp. Annual General Meeting to be held on May 8  2024,(marketscreener.com) International Petroleum Corporation is pleased to announce that its Annual General Meeting of holders of common shares will be held at the offices of Blake  Cassels and Graydon LLP  Suite 3500  855 - 2nd Street S.W.  Calgary  Alberta  Can…,"International Petroleum Corporation (“IPC” or the “Corporation”) (TSX  Nasdaq Stockholm: IPCO) is pleased to announce that its Annual General Meeting (the “Meeting”) of holders of common shares (“Shareholders”) will be held at the offices of Blake  Cassels and Graydon LLP  Suite 3500  855 - 2nd Street S.W.  Calgary  Alberta  Canada T2P 4J8 on Wednesday  May 8  2024 at 8:00 a.m. (Mountain time)  for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the financial year ended December 31  2023 and accompanying report of the auditor; To set the number of directors of the Corporation at eight; To elect the eight nominees of the Corporation standing for election as directors of the Corporation to hold office until the next annual meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is duly elected or appointed; To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers SA  as the auditor of the Corporation  to hold office until the next annual meeting of Shareholders and to authorize the directors to fix the auditor’s remuneration; and To transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Meeting.The record date for the Meeting is March 21  2024. The Notice of Meeting  the Management Information Circular dated March 22  2024 (the “Information Circular”) and related Meeting materials  and the Corporation’s Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31  2023  will be available under the Corporation’s profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on the Corporation’s website at www.international-petroleum.com.The Corporation is not aware of any items of business to be brought before the Meeting other than those described in the Information Circular and there will be no management presentation on the business and operations of the Corporation at the Meeting.Advice to Holders of Euroclear Sweden Registered Common SharesShareholders who hold their common shares (“Euroclear Registered Common Shares”) through Euroclear Sweden AB  which common shares trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm  are not registered holders of common shares for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Common Shares are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Common Shares will receive a voting instruction form (the “VIF”) by mail directly from Computershare AB (“Computershare Sweden”). Additional copies of the VIF  together with the Information Circular  can also be obtained from Computershare Sweden and are available on the Corporation’s website at www.international-petroleum.com. The VIF cannot be used to vote common shares directly at the Meeting. Instead  the VIF must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines as further described in the instructions provided with the VIF.International Petroleum Corp. (IPC) is an international oil and gas exploration and production company with a high quality portfolio of assets located in Canada  Malaysia and France  providing a solid foundation for organic and inorganic growth. IPC is a member of the Lundin Group of Companies. IPC is incorporated in Canada and IPC’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and the Nasdaq Stockholm under the symbol ""IPCO"".For further information  please contact:Rebecca GordonSVP Corporate Planning and Investor Relationsrebecca.gordon@international-petroleum.comTel: +41 22 595 10 50Or Robert ErikssonMedia Managerreriksson@rive6.chTel: +46 701 11 26 15The information was submitted for publication  through the contact persons set out above  at 17:00 CET on March 28  2024.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements and information which constitute ""forward-looking statements"" or ""forward-looking information"" (within the meaning of applicable securities legislation). Such statements and information (together  ""forward-looking statements"") relate to future events  including the Corporation's future performance  business prospects or opportunities. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release  unless otherwise indicated. IPC does not intend  and does not assume any obligation  to update these forward-looking statements  except as required by applicable laws.All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions  expectations  beliefs  plans  projections  forecasts  guidance  budgets  objectives  assumptions or future events or performance (often  but not always  using words or phrases such as ""seek""  ""anticipate""  ""plan""  ""continue""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""may""  ""will""  ""project""  “forecast”  ""predict""  ""potential""  ""targeting""  ""intend""  ""could""  ""might""  ""should""  ""believe""  ""budget"" and similar expressions) are not statements of historical fact and may be ""forward-looking statements"".Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['International Petroleum Corp. Annual General Meeting', 'May', '855 - 2nd Street S.W.', 'Robert Eriksson Media Manager reriksson', 'Euroclear Sweden Registered Common Shares', 'Euroclear Registered Common Shares', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'high quality portfolio', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'SVP Corporate Planning', 'Investor Relations rebecca', 'voting instruction form', 'International Petroleum Corp.', 'Annual Information Form', 'Canada T2P 4J8', 'Annual General Meeting', 'next annual meeting', 'applicable securities legislation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Management Information Circular', 'International Petroleum Corporation', 'Computershare Sweden', 'international oil', 'management presentation', 'Computershare AB', 'applicable laws', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Graydon LLP', 'Mountain time', 'financial year', 'accompanying report', 'eight nominees', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers SA', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'Additional copies', 'gas exploration', 'production company', 'solid foundation', 'inorganic growth', 'Lundin Group', 'Rebecca Gordon', 'contact persons', 'press release', 'future events', 'Actual results', 'cautionary statement', 'historical fact', 'looking information', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Such statements', 'Meeting materials', 'following purposes', 'other business', 'record date', 'future performance', 'business prospects', 'The Corporation', 'The VIF', 'IPC', 'TSX', 'holders', 'offices', 'Blake', 'Cassels', 'Suite', 'Calgary', 'Alberta', 'Wednesday', 'May', '8:00 a', 'auditor', 'number', 'directors', 'election', 'successor', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'March', 'Notice', 'related', 'December', 'profile', 'SEDAR+', 'sedarplus', 'website', 'items', 'operations', 'Advice', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', 'assets', 'Malaysia', 'France', 'member', 'Companies', 'symbol', 'Tel', 'rive', 'publication', '17:00 CET', 'meaning', 'opportunities', 'obligation', 'discussions', 'respect', 'predictions', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'plans', 'projections', 'forecasts', 'guidance', 'budgets', 'objectives', 'assumptions', 'words', 'phrases', '41', '46 701']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38380,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5194053418856180,Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2024 of CTT Systems AB (Publ),"NYK&#xD6;PING  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / March 28  2024 /  CTT Systems AB (STO:CTT) Shareholders of CTT Systems AB (publ) (""CTT"")  reg. no. 556430-7741  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting on Monday 6 May 2024 at 5.00 p.m. CEST at ...","Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2024 of CTT Systems AB (Publ)NYKÖPING  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / March 28  2024 / CTT Systems AB (STO:CTT) Shareholders of CTT Systems AB (publ) (""CTT"")  reg. no. 556430-7741  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting on Monday 6 May 2024 at 5.00 p.m. CEST at the company's office  Brukslagarvägen 5  Nyköping  Sweden. Registration to the Annual General Meeting will commence at 4.30 p.m. CEST.The board of directors has resolved that shareholders may also exercise their voting right at the Annual General Meeting by postal voting pursuant to the provisions in CTT's articles of association.RIGHT TO ATTEND AND NOTICEShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall be registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 25 April 2024  and shall give notice of attendance at the Annual General to the company no later than Monday 29 April 2024.Notice of attendance may be given in writing to the company at the address CTT Systems AB  P.O. Box 1042  SE-611 29  Nyköping  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 10-457 32 00 on weekdays between 10.00 a.m. and 4.00 p.m. or by e-mail  ctt@ctt.se. When giving notice  please state your name or company name  personal identification number or company registration number  address  and daytime telephone number. The notice procedure described above also applies to registration for any assistants.Shareholders who wish to use the possibility of postal voting shall do that in accordance with the instructions under the heading "" Postal voting "" below. Such postal voting does not require any further notice of attendance.NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to attend the meeting  shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  in addition to giving notice of attendance to the company  register such shares in their own names so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of 25 April 2024. Such registration may be temporary (so called voting right registration) and request for such registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines in such time in advance as decided by the nominee. The presentation of the share register as per the record date  Thursday 25 April 2024  will consider voting rights registrations made no later than Monday 29 April 2024.PROXY ETC.Shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or through a proxy representative are entitled to bring one or two assistants. Shareholders who wish to bring assistants shall state this in connection with the notice of attendance. Shareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a signed and dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of a certificate of incorporation  or if such document does not exist a corresponding document  shall be enclosed. In order to facilitate the registration at the meeting  the power of attorney and certificate of incorporation and other documents of authority should be provided to the company at the address stated above no later than 29 April 2024. A proxy form is available on the company's website  www.ctt.se.POSTAL VOTINGA special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on CTT's website  www.ctt.se . The postal voting form is considered as notification to the Annual General Meeting.The completed and signed voting form must be received by CTT no later than Monday 29 April 2024. The completed form shall be sent by post to CTT Systems AB  P.O. Box 1042  SE-611 29 Nyköping  Sweden or by e-mail to ctt@ctt.se. If a shareholder postal votes by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the form. The proxy form is available at the company's website  www.ctt.se . If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding authorisation document shall be enclosed with the form. The shareholder may not provide the vote with special instructions or conditions. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of the chairman of the meeting.3. Drawing up and approval of voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.6. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Presentation by the CEO.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report.9. Resolution on(a) adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet (b) disposition of the company's earnings according to the adopted balance sheet  and determination of record day in case of dividend  and(c) discharge from liability of the directors and the CEO.10. Presentation of remuneration report for approval.11. Determination of(a) the number of directors of the board  and(b) the number of auditors.12. Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and to the auditor.13. Election of directors of the board and chairman of the board13.1.1 Election of Anna Carmo e Silva as director (re-election)13.1.2 Election of Annika Dalsvall as director (re-election)13.1.3 Election of Per Fyrenius as director (re-election)13.1.4 Election of Björn Lenander as director (re-election)13.1.5 Election of Tomas Torlöf as director(re-election)13.1.7 Election of Kristina Nilsson as director (new election)13.1.7 Election of Torbjörn Johansson as director (new election)13.2 Election of Tomas Torlöf as chair of the board of directors (re-election)14. Election of auditor.15. Closing of the meeting.PROPOSED RESOLUTIONSPrior to the Annual General Meeting 2024  the nomination committee has consisted of Steven Buesing  appointed by Collins Aerospace Inc  Patrik Jönsson  appointed by SEB Investment Management AB  Jonathan Schönbäck  appointed by ODIN Fonder and Tomas Torlöf (chairman of the nomination committee)  appointed by Trulscom Förvaltning AB. CTT's nomination committee has submitted proposals for resolution under items 2 and 11-14 on the agenda. The board of directors has submitted proposals under items 9 b and 10.Item 2 - Election of the chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board of directors  Tomas Torlöf  is elected as chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 b - Resolution on disposition of the company's earnings according to the adopted balance sheet  and determination of record day in case of dividendThe board of directors proposes an ordinary dividend of SEK 5.35 per share (4.05) and an extraordinary dividend of SEK 3.35 per share (0)  total 8.70 per share.Proposed record day for dividend is Wednesday 8 May 2024. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  payment of dividend through Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to be made on Tuesday 14 May 2024.Item 10 - Presentation of remuneration report for approvalThe board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the board of director's report regarding remuneration in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 11 a and 13 - Determination on the number of directors and election of directors of the board and chairman of the boardThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of seven members (increase from six members) with no deputies and  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting re-election of Anna Carmo e Silva (elected 2022)  Annika Dalsvall (elected 2013)  Per Fyrenius (elected 2018)  Björn Lenander (elected 2018)  Tomas Torlöf (elected 2013) and new election of Kristina Nilsson and Torbjörn Johansson. Further  the nomination committee proposes that Tomas Torlöf is re-elected as chairman of the board of directors. Steven Buesing has declined re-election.The nomination committee's motivated statement and information regarding all of the proposed board members are available on the company's website  www.ctt.se.Item 11 b and 14 - Determination of the number of auditors and election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation  that the company shall have a registered auditing company as auditor and that the registered auditing company PwC shall be re-elected as new auditor until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2025. PwC has informed that Andreas Skogh will continue to be the company's auditor in charge if PwC is elected as auditor.Item 12 - Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and to the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that an annual remuneration of SEK 395 000 (SEK 370 000) be paid to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 195 000 (SEK 185 000) to each of the other directors  i.e. a total of SEK 1 565 000 (1 295 000). Furthermore  the nomination committee has proposed remuneration for members of the audit committee  corresponding to SEK 80 000 (SEK 75 000) to the chairman and SEK 45 000 (SEK 40 000) to the other members  i.e. a total of SEK 170 000 (155 000). In addition  the nomination committee proposes a total remuneration for the planned sustainability committee of SEK 100 000  of which SEK 50 000 shall be paid to the chairman of the committee and the remainder shall be distributed equally among the other members.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.MISCELLANEOUSNumber of shares and votesAt the time of the issuance of this notice  the company has a total of 12 529 443 shares  each carrying one vote. The company does not hold any shares in treasury.Shareholder's right to receive information at the meetingIf the board of directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  shareholders have the right to receive information from the board of directors and the CEO regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship to another group company  and the consolidated financial statement.AuthorisationThe board of directors proposes that the board of directors  or the person appointed by the board of directors  shall be authorised to make the minor adjustments to the resolutions of the Annual General Meeting as may be required in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.DocumentsAccounting documents  audit report and other documents to be made available in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance are kept available at the company's address Brukslagarvägen 5  Nyköping  Sweden and at the company's website  www.ctt.se  as of today 28 March 2024 and will be sent to shareholders who so request by the company and who state their address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available at Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf_________________Nyköping  March 2024CTT SYSTEMS AB (PUBL)The board of directorsFor additional information:Markus Berg  CFO  CTT Systems AB.Tel. +46 155 20 59 05 alt. Mobile +46 72 230 33 88 or email: markus.berg@ctt.seAbout CTT SystemsCTT is the leading supplier of active humidity control systems in aircraft. We solve the aircraft humidity paradox - with far too dry cabin air - and too much moisture in the fuselage - causing dehydration for people onboard and excess weight in the aircraft inducing larger environmental footprint. CTT offers humidifiers and dehumidifiers available for retrofit and line-fit on commercial aircraft as well as private jets. For more information about CTT and how active humidity control products make air traveling a little more sustainable and far more pleasurable  please visit: www.ctt.se.AttachmentsNOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024 OF CTT SYSTEMS AB (PUBL)Notice Of Annual General Meeting 2024 CTT Systems (FINAL)SOURCE: CTT Systems ABView the original press release on accesswire.com",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'CTT Systems AB', 'Notice', 'Publ', 'P.O. Box', 'voting rights registrations', 'personal identification number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Such postal voting', 'CTT Systems AB', 'corresponding authorisation document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'daytime telephone number', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'corresponding document', 'annual report', 'voting list', 'meeting venue', 'NYKÖPING', 'Monday 6 May', 'Brukslagarvägen', 'share register', 'record date', 'legal entity', 'other documents', 'two persons', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'record day', 'special form', 'completed form', 'special instructions', 'postal vote', 'Further instructions', 'Monday 29 April', 'PROXY ETC.', 'proxy representative', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'proxy form', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'two assistants', 'dated power', 'remuneration report', 'notice procedure', 'Thursday 25 April', 'ctt.se', 'company name', 'Publ', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'March', 'Shareholders', 'CEST', 'office', 'board', 'directors', 'provisions', 'articles', 'association', 'ATTEND', 'writing', 'address', 'weekdays', 'mail', 'possibility', 'accordance', 'heading', 'addition', 'names', 'request', 'routines', 'advance', 'presentation', 'connection', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'order', 'authority', 'website', 'notification', 'votes', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'CEO', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'disposition', 'earnings', 'case', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', '5.00', '4.30', '10.00', '4.00']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investorsobserver.com
38381,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854304/0/en/Convening-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Euronext-N-V.html,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 28 March 2024 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 15 May 2024 at 10.30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2023 Updated Dutch Corporate Governance Code (discussion item) Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2023 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2023 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €2.48 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2023 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2023 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Dick Sluimers as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Appointment of Fedra Ribeiro as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Appointment of Muriel De Lathouwer as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 8) Appointment of Koen Van Loo as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 9) Composition of the Managing Board Re-appointment of Øivind Amundsen as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 10) Re-appointment of Simone Huis in ‘t Veld as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 11) Appointment of Simon Gallagher as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 12) Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 13) Proposal regarding cancellation of the company’s own shares purchased by the company under the share repurchase program (voting item 14) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body:a. to issue ordinary shares (voting item 15); andb. to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 16) Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 17) Any other business CloseThe AGM will be conducted in English.Registration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 17 April 2024  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Tuesday 7 May 2024 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 10 May 2024 by Uptevia  Assemblées Générales  90-110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle 92931 Paris La Défense Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia Corporate Trust. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Tuesday 7 May 2024 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 10 May 2024 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio ART’S – Av. D. Joao II – Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendants may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM viahttps://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20240515_1/AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2023 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsat Uptevia - Assemblées Générales – 90-110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle 92931 Paris La Défense Cedex  France - + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTSANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.comParis  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of December 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.19,0.35,0.46,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Assemblées Générales', 'Général de Gaulle', 'Paris La Défense Cedex', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Dutch Corporate Governance Code', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'Muriel De Lathouwer', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Edificio ART’S', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Koen Van Loo', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'share repurchase program', 'Uptevia Corporate Trust', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Dutch law', 'Annual report', 'ordinary share', 'share capital', 'Wednesday 15 May', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2023 remuneration report', '2023 financial statements', 'Managing Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Dick Sluimers', 'Fedra Ribeiro', 'Øivind Amundsen', 'Simone Huis', 'Simon Gallagher', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'other business', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', 'Tuesday 7 May', 'Friday 10 May', '90-110 Esplanade', 'Bloco B', 'valid admission', 'Registration date', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'The Shareholders', 'admission certificate', 'voting form', 'discussion item', 'The AGM', 'shares', 'Contacts', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', '28 March', 'place', '10.30 CEST', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'Explanation', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'appointment', 'Veld', 'cancellation', 'company', 'behalf', 'English', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '17 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38382,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MULTITUDE-SE-20568917/news/NOTICE-TO-CONVENE-MULTITUDE-SE-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-SHAREHOLDERS-46313749/,NOTICE TO CONVENE MULTITUDE SE'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: Multitude SE / Key word: AGM/EGMNOTICE TO CONVENE MULTITUDE SE’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 28.03.2024 / 18:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announ…,EQS-News: Multitude SE / Key word(s): AGM/EGMNOTICE TO CONVENE MULTITUDE SE’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS (news with additional features)28.03.2024 / 18:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.NOTICE TO CONVENE MULTITUDE SE’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Notice is given to the shareholders of Multitude SE (Company) that the Annual General Meeting of the Company is to be held on 25 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time) at the offices of Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 14  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will start at 9:30 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time). Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions concerning advance voting are provided in Section 3.4 of this notice. It will not be possible to participate in the meeting or follow the meeting via an online stream or otherwise in real time by the use of telecommunication connections or technical means. The meeting will be held in the English language. 1 Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting of Shareholders At the General Meeting of Shareholders  the following matters will be considered: Opening of the Meeting Calling the Meeting to Order Election of Persons to Scrutinise the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of Votes Recording the Legality of the Meeting Recording the Attendance at the Meeting and Adoption of the List of Votes Presentation of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the Year 2023 Review by the CEO. The Annual Report  which includes the Company’s Annual Accounts and report of the Board of Directors as well as the Auditor’s Report  is available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/. Adoption of the Annual Accounts Resolution on the Use of the Result Shown on the Balance Sheet and the Distribution of Dividend The result for the financial year 2023 of Multitude SE amounted to EUR 6 331 943. The unrestricted equity of the Company at the end of the financial year stood at EUR 54 580 782. The result for the financial year 2023 of Multitude Group amounted to EUR 16 438 318. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  for the financial year 2023  a dividend of EUR 0.19 per share be distributed. The dividend is proposed to be paid on 7 May 2024 to shareholders who are registered in the Company’s shareholder register on the dividend record date of 29 April 2024. Resolution on Discharging the Members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from Liability Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/. Consideration of the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies The Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies is attached to this notice as an appendix and available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com. Resolution on the Remuneration of the Members of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the People and Culture Committee that the fees payable to the members of the Board of Directors remain the same  and that the Chairman of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 8 000 per month  and each of the other members of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 4 000 per month. Furthermore  it is proposed that no remuneration will be paid to the members who are employees or CEOs of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. Resolution on the Remuneration of the Auditor The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that the Auditor be paid reasonable remuneration in accordance with the Auditor’s invoice  which shall be approved by the Company. Resolution on the Number of Members of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors be six. Election of the Members of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes that Goutam Challagalla  Jorma Jokela  Kristiina Leppänen  Lea Liigus and Ari Tiukkanen be re-elected as members and that Marion Khüny be elected as a new member  each one for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. The Chairman and the Vice Chairman will be elected by the Board of Directors from amongst its members. The presentations of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/. Election of the Auditor The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that Authorised Public Accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as the Auditor for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified that  should they be re-elected  authorised public accountant (KHT) Jukka Paunonen will act as the auditor-in-charge. Election of the Auditor in Malta The Extraordinary General Meeting on 21 March 2024 resolved on the transfer of the Company’s registered office from Finland to Malta in accordance with the transfer proposal approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 17 January 2024. The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that  upon the registration of the Company with the Malta Business Registry  PricewaterhouseCoopers (Registration Number: AB/26/84/38)  with their registered office situated at 78  Mill Street  Qormi  Malta be appointed as the Auditors of the Company until the earlier of: (i) the end of the next Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2025  or (ii) the Company’s continuation out of Malta into Switzerland. The Board of Directors further proposes that the Audit Committee be authorised to fix the Auditor’s remuneration and sign any engagement letter as may be required for the purposes of finalising the engagement. Authorisation to the Board of Directors to Decide on the Repurchase and Acceptance as Pledge of the Company’s Own Shares The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide to repurchase a maximum of 2 172 396 shares in the Company  which corresponds approximately to 10 per cent of all the shares in the Company. By virtue of the authorisation  own shares may be repurchased by using the Company’s unrestricted equity. Consequently  any repurchase will reduce the Company’s funds available for distribution of profits. The authorisation also includes the right to accept shares in the Company as pledge. Own shares may be repurchased through public trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange at the prevailing market price on the date of repurchase. The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide to repurchase shares or accept shares as pledge also otherwise than in proportion to the shareholders’ holding in the Company by way of a directed repurchase or directed acceptance as pledge subject to the requirements set out in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The Board can use the authorisation in one or several tranches to all purposes decided by the Board of Directors. The authorisation is proposed to be in force until the earliest of: (i) the transfer of the registered office of Multitude SE from Finland to Malta pursuant to the transfer proposal approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 17 January 2024  (ii) the end of the next Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2025  or (iii) 30 June 2025. Authorisation to the Board of Directors to Decide on the Issuance of Shares and Special Rights Entitling to Shares The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide to issue a maximum of 3 258 594 shares  which corresponds approximately to 15 per cent of the Company’s total amount of shares. The Board of Directors may issue either new shares or transfer existing shares held by the Company. The authorisation also includes the right to issue special rights  in the meaning of Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  which entitle to the Company’s new shares or the Company’s own shares held by the Company against consideration. Shares that may be subscribed for by virtue of the special rights entitling to shares are included in the aforesaid maximum number of shares. The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue and issue of special rights in deviation from the pre-emptive rights of shareholders subject to the requirements set out in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The Board of Directors can use the authorisation in one or several tranches  and it may be used to all purposes decided by the Board of Directors  such as developing the Company’s capital structure  financing or carrying out acquisitions or other arrangements  or as a part of the Company’s incentive schemes. The authorisation is proposed to be in force until the earliest of: (i) the transfer of the registered office of Multitude SE from Finland to Malta pursuant to the transfer proposal approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 17 January 2024  (ii) the end of the next Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2025  or (iii) 30 June 2025. Closing of the Meeting 2 Meeting materials The proposals of the Board of Directors relating to the agenda of the General Meeting of Shareholders as well as this notice  the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies and the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies are available on Multitude SE’s website at https://www.multitude.com/. The Annual Report of Multitude SE  the Annual Accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report  are available on the above-mentioned Multitude SE’s website. The proposals of the Board of Directors and the other above-mentioned documents will also be available at the meeting. The minutes of the meeting will be made available on the above-mentioned Multitude SE’s website no later than on 9 May 2024. 3 Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting of Shareholders 3.1 Shareholders Registered in Shareholders’ Register Each shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting of Shareholders  i.e.  15 April 2024  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account are registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of votes. The registration to the General Meeting of Shareholders starts on 4 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time). Shareholders  who are registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company  and who wish to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the meeting by giving prior notice of participation as instructed below. The notice of participation must be received by the Company no later than on 22 April 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST / Finnish time). Such notice can be given: by email to agm@multitude.com; or by mail to Multitude SE  “AGM 2024”  Ratamestarinkatu 11 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland. In connection with the registration  shareholders must provide the information requested such as their name  personal identification number/business ID  address and telephone number  and the shareholder’s possible representative’s and/or proxy representative’s name and personal identification number. Personal data disclosed by shareholders to Multitude SE will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the related registrations. A registration and advance voting form is available on the Company’s website. The shareholders as well as their authorised representatives or proxy representatives must  as necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the General Meeting. 3.2 Holders of Nominee Registered Shares Holders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e.  15 April 2024. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the holders of nominee registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares by 22 April 2024 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time)  at the latest. This registration constitutes due registration for holders of nominee registered shares wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of votes. Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to ask their custodian bank without delay for the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the General Meeting of Shareholders and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank must temporarily register holders of nominee-registered shares in the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above. Where necessary  the account manager of the custodian bank shall also arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares. Further information on these matters is also available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/. 3.3 Proxy Representatives and Power of Attorney Shareholders may participate in the General Meeting of Shareholders and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise reliably demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting of Shareholders by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting of Shareholders. A form of proxy is provided on Multitude SE’s website at https://www.multitude.com/. The form of proxy is provided for the shareholders’ convenience  and it is not necessary to use the form provided on the website. Copies of proxy documents are requested to be delivered to the Company either by email to agm@multitude.com or by mail to Multitude SE  “AGM 2024”  Ratamestarinkatu 11 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of registration on 22 April 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST / Finnish time) by which time the proxy documents must be received. Possible proxy documents in originals must be presented at the meeting venue if requested. In addition to the delivery of the proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must register for the General Meeting as described above in this notice. 3.4 Advance Voting Shareholders may use their voting rights also by voting in advance. Shareholders who are registered in the shareholder register of the Company can vote in advance as instructed below. The advance voting starts on 4 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish Time) and the advance votes must be received by the Company no later than on 22 April 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST / Finnish time). The advance votes can be given: by email to agm@multitude.com; or by mail to Multitude SE  “AGM 2024”  Ratamestarinkatu 11 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland. Submitting votes as described above shall be deemed to constitute registration for the General Meeting  provided that the information required for the registration is provided. A registration and advance voting form is available on the Company’s website. For the advance votes to be considered in the General Meeting  the shareholder must be registered in the Company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise their right to request information  make proposals for resolutions  or demand a vote  or vote for an amended or a new proposal for resolution unless they attend the General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue. Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the relevant shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares. Proposals for resolutions that are subject to advance voting are considered to have been presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a possible vote held during the meeting also in circumstances where an alternative proposal for resolution has been made in the relevant matter. 3.5 Other Instructions and Information The meeting will be held in the English language. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  shareholders who are present at the General Meeting have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  dated 28 March 2024  the total number of shares in Multitude SE is 21 723 960 and each of these shares carries one vote. On the date of this notice  Multitude SE holds 80 786 of its own shares as treasury shares. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 9 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  shares held by the Company or a subsidiary do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting. Accordingly  the number of voting rights carried by the outstanding shares is 21 643 174. ––––––––––––––––––––––––– In Helsinki on 28 March 2024 MULTITUDE SEThe Board of Directors APPENDIX Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies Contact: Lasse MäkeläChief Strategy and IR OfficerPhone: +41 79 371 34 17E-Mail: lasse.makela@multitude.comAbout Multitude SE: Multitude is a listed European FinTech company  offering digital lending and online banking services to consumers  small and medium-sized businesses  and other FinTechs overlooked by traditional banks. The services are provided through three independent business units  which are served by our internal Banking-as-a-Service Growth Platform. Multitude’s business units are consumer banking (Ferratum)  SME banking (CapitalBox) and wholesale banking (Multitude Bank). Multitude Group employs over 700 people in 25 countries and offers services in 16 countries  achieving a combined turnover of 230 million euros in 2023. Multitude was founded in Finland in 2005 and is listed on the Prime Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the symbol 'FRU'. Additional features:File: Multitude Group Remuneration Policy28.03.2024 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'MULTITUDE SE', 'NOTICE', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Snellman Attorneys Ltd', 'Kristiina Leppänen', 'Marion Khüny', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'The Annual Report', 'dividend record date', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'Annual Accounts Resolution', 'Key word', 'additional features', 'Finnish time', 'Castrén', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'online stream', 'real time', 'telecommunication connections', 'technical means', 'English language', 'Year 2023 Review', 'Balance Sheet', 'financial year', 'unrestricted equity', 'shareholder register', 'Governing Bodies', 'Culture Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Goutam Challagalla', 'Jorma Jokela', 'Lea Liigus', 'Ari Tiukkanen', 'new member', 'Public Accountants', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'Jukka Paunonen', 'reasonable remuneration', 'Multitude SE', 'Multitude Group', 'advance voting', 'following matters', 'Liability Consideration', 'Vice Chairman', 'Remuneration Report', 'other members', '1 Matters', 'EQS-News', 'AGM/EGM', 'NOTICE', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Company', '25 April', '10:00 a', 'EEST', 'offices', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', '9:30 a', 'Instructions', 'Section', 'agenda', 'Election', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Votes', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'Adoption', 'List', 'Presentation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'CEO', 'website', 'Result', 'EUR', '7 May', '29 April', 'appendix', 'recommendation', 'People', 'fees', 'month', 'employees', 'subsidiary', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'Number', 'term', 'KHT', 'charge', 'Malta', '21 March']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38383,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MULTITUDE-SE-20568917/news/NOTICE-TO-CONVENE-MULTITUDE-SE-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-SHAREHOLDERS-46313715/,NOTICE TO CONVENE MULTITUDE SE'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS,(marketscreener.com) NOTICE TO CONVENE MULTITUDE SE’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Notice is given to the shareholders of Multitude SE that the Annual General Meeting of the Company is to be held on 25 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of Cast…,NOTICE TO CONVENE MULTITUDE SE’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERSNotice is given to the shareholders of Multitude SE (Company) that the Annual General Meeting of the Company is to be held on 25 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time) at the offices of Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 14  Helsinki  Finland.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will start at 9:30 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time).Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions concerning advance voting are provided in Section 3.4 of this notice.It will not be possible to participate in the meeting or follow the meeting via an online stream or otherwise in real time by the use of telecommunication connections or technical means.The meeting will be held in the English language.1 MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERSAt the General Meeting of Shareholders  the following matters will be considered:(1) Opening of the Meeting(2) Calling the Meeting to Order(3) Election of Persons to Scrutinise the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of Votes(4) Recording the Legality of the Meeting(5) Recording the Attendance at the Meeting and Adoption of the List of Votes(6) Presentation of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the Year 2023Review by the CEO.The Annual Report  which includes the Company’s Annual Accounts and report of the Board of Directors as well as the Auditor’s Report  is available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/.(7) Adoption of the Annual Accounts(8) Resolution on the Use of the Result Shown on the Balance Sheet and the Distribution of DividendThe result for the financial year 2023 of Multitude SE amounted to EUR 6 331 943. The unrestricted equity of the Company at the end of the financial year stood at EUR 54 580 782. The result for the financial year 2023 of Multitude Group amounted to EUR 16 438 318.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  for the financial year 2023  a dividend of EUR 0.19 per share be distributed.The dividend is proposed to be paid on 7 May 2024 to shareholders who are registered in the Company’s shareholder register on the dividend record date of 29 April 2024.(9) Resolution on Discharging the Members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from Liability(10) Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/.(11) Consideration of the Remuneration Policy for Governing BodiesThe Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies is attached to this notice as an appendix and available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com.(12) Resolution on the Remuneration of the Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the People and Culture Committee that the fees payable to the members of the Board of Directors remain the same  and that the Chairman of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 8 000 per month  and each of the other members of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 4 000 per month.Furthermore  it is proposed that no remuneration will be paid to the members who are employees or CEOs of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.(13) Resolution on the Remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that the Auditor be paid reasonable remuneration in accordance with the Auditor’s invoice  which shall be approved by the Company.(14) Resolution on the Number of Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors be six.(15) Election of the Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that Goutam Challagalla  Jorma Jokela  Kristiina Leppänen  Lea Liigus and Ari Tiukkanen be re-elected as members and that Marion Khüny be elected as a new member  each one for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The Chairman and the Vice Chairman will be elected by the Board of Directors from amongst its members.The presentations of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/.(16) Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that Authorised Public Accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as the Auditor for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified that  should they be re-elected  authorised public accountant (KHT) Jukka Paunonen will act as the auditor-in-charge.(17) Election of the Auditor in MaltaThe Extraordinary General Meeting on 21 March 2024 resolved on the transfer of the Company’s registered office from Finland to Malta in accordance with the transfer proposal approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 17 January 2024.The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that  upon the registration of the Company with the Malta Business Registry  PricewaterhouseCoopers (Registration Number: AB/26/84/38)  with their registered office situated at 78  Mill Street  Qormi  Malta be appointed as the Auditors of the Company until the earlier of: (i) the end of the next Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2025  or (ii) the Company’s continuation out of Malta into Switzerland.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Audit Committee be authorised to fix the Auditor’s remuneration and sign any engagement letter as may be required for the purposes of finalising the engagement.(18) Authorisation to the Board of Directors to Decide on the Repurchase and Acceptance as Pledge of the Company’s Own SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide to repurchase a maximum of 2 172 396 shares in the Company  which corresponds approximately to 10 per cent of all the shares in the Company.By virtue of the authorisation  own shares may be repurchased by using the Company’s unrestricted equity. Consequently  any repurchase will reduce the Company’s funds available for distribution of profits.The authorisation also includes the right to accept shares in the Company as pledge.Own shares may be repurchased through public trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange at the prevailing market price on the date of repurchase.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide to repurchase shares or accept shares as pledge also otherwise than in proportion to the shareholders’ holding in the Company by way of a directed repurchase or directed acceptance as pledge subject to the requirements set out in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The Board can use the authorisation in one or several tranches to all purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorisation is proposed to be in force until the earliest of: (i) the transfer of the registered office of Multitude SE from Finland to Malta pursuant to the transfer proposal approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 17 January 2024  (ii) the end of the next Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2025  or (iii) 30 June 2025.(19) Authorisation to the Board of Directors to Decide on the Issuance of Shares and Special Rights Entitling to SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide to issue a maximum of 3 258 594 shares  which corresponds approximately to 15 per cent of the Company’s total amount of shares. The Board of Directors may issue either new shares or transfer existing shares held by the Company.The authorisation also includes the right to issue special rights  in the meaning of Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  which entitle to the Company’s new shares or the Company’s own shares held by the Company against consideration. Shares that may be subscribed for by virtue of the special rights entitling to shares are included in the aforesaid maximum number of shares.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue and issue of special rights in deviation from the pre-emptive rights of shareholders subject to the requirements set out in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The Board of Directors can use the authorisation in one or several tranches  and it may be used to all purposes decided by the Board of Directors  such as developing the Company’s capital structure  financing or carrying out acquisitions or other arrangements  or as a part of the Company’s incentive schemes.The authorisation is proposed to be in force until the earliest of: (i) the transfer of the registered office of Multitude SE from Finland to Malta pursuant to the transfer proposal approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 17 January 2024  (ii) the end of the next Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2025  or (iii) 30 June 2025.(20) Closing of the Meeting2 MEETING MATERIALSThe proposals of the Board of Directors relating to the agenda of the General Meeting of Shareholders as well as this notice  the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies and the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies are available on Multitude SE’s website at https://www.multitude.com/.The Annual Report of Multitude SE  the Annual Accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report  are available on the above-mentioned Multitude SE’s website.The proposals of the Board of Directors and the other above-mentioned documents will also be available at the meeting.The minutes of the meeting will be made available on the above-mentioned Multitude SE’s website no later than on 9 May 2024.3 INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS3.1 Shareholders Registered in Shareholders’ RegisterEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting of Shareholders  i.e.  15 April 2024  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account are registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of votes.The registration to the General Meeting of Shareholders starts on 4 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time). Shareholders  who are registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company  and who wish to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the meeting by giving prior notice of participation as instructed below. The notice of participation must be received by the Company no later than on 22 April 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST / Finnish time). Such notice can be given:(a) by email to agm@multitude.com; or(b) by mail to Multitude SE  “AGM 2024”  Ratamestarinkatu 11 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  shareholders must provide the information requested such as their name  personal identification number/business ID  address and telephone number  and the shareholder’s possible representative’s and/or proxy representative’s name and personal identification number. Personal data disclosed by shareholders to Multitude SE will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the related registrations.A registration and advance voting form is available on the Company’s website.The shareholders as well as their authorised representatives or proxy representatives must  as necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the General Meeting.3.2 Holders of Nominee Registered SharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e.  15 April 2024. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the holders of nominee registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares by 22 April 2024 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time)  at the latest. This registration constitutes due registration for holders of nominee registered shares wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of votes.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to ask their custodian bank without delay for the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the General Meeting of Shareholders and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank must temporarily register holders of nominee-registered shares in the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above. Where necessary  the account manager of the custodian bank shall also arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.Further information on these matters is also available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/.3.3 Proxy Representatives and Power of AttorneyShareholders may participate in the General Meeting of Shareholders and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.Proxy representatives must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise reliably demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting of Shareholders by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting of Shareholders.A form of proxy is provided on Multitude SE’s website at https://www.multitude.com/. The form of proxy is provided for the shareholders’ convenience  and it is not necessary to use the form provided on the website.Copies of proxy documents are requested to be delivered to the Company either by email to agm@multitude.com or by mail to Multitude SE  “AGM 2024”  Ratamestarinkatu 11 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of registration on 22 April 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST / Finnish time) by which time the proxy documents must be received. Possible proxy documents in originals must be presented at the meeting venue if requested.In addition to the delivery of the proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must register for the General Meeting as described above in this notice.3.4 Advance VotingShareholders may use their voting rights also by voting in advance.Shareholders who are registered in the shareholder register of the Company can vote in advance as instructed below. The advance voting starts on 4 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish Time) and the advance votes must be received by the Company no later than on 22 April 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST / Finnish time). The advance votes can be given:(a) by email to agm@multitude.com; or(b) by mail to Multitude SE  “AGM 2024”  Ratamestarinkatu 11 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.Submitting votes as described above shall be deemed to constitute registration for the General Meeting  provided that the information required for the registration is provided.A registration and advance voting form is available on the Company’s website.For the advance votes to be considered in the General Meeting  the shareholder must be registered in the Company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise their right to request information  make proposals for resolutions  or demand a vote  or vote for an amended or a new proposal for resolution unless they attend the General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue.Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the relevant shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.Proposals for resolutions that are subject to advance voting are considered to have been presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a possible vote held during the meeting also in circumstances where an alternative proposal for resolution has been made in the relevant matter.3.5 Other Instructions and InformationThe meeting will be held in the English language.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  shareholders who are present at the General Meeting have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  dated 28 March 2024  the total number of shares in Multitude SE is 21 723 960 and each of these shares carries one vote. On the date of this notice  Multitude SE holds 80 786 of its own shares as treasury shares. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 9 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  shares held by the Company or a subsidiary do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting. Accordingly  the number of voting rights carried by the outstanding shares is 21 643 174.–––––––––––––––––––––––––In Helsinki on 28 March 2024MULTITUDE SEThe Board of DirectorsAPPENDIXRemuneration Policy for Governing BodiesContact:Lasse MäkeläChief Strategy and IR OfficerPhone: +41 79 371 34 17E-Mail: lasse.makela@multitude.comAbout Multitude SE:Multitude is a listed European FinTech company  offering digital lending and online banking services to consumers  small and medium-sized businesses  and other FinTechs overlooked by traditional banks. The services are provided through three independent business units  which are served by our internal Banking-as-a-Service Growth Platform. Multitude’s business units are consumer banking (Ferratum)  SME banking (CapitalBox) and wholesale banking (Multitude Bank). Multitude Group employs over 700 people in 25 countries and offers services in 16 countries  achieving a combined turnover of 230 million euros in 2023. Multitude was founded in Finland in 2005 and is listed on the Prime Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the symbol 'FRU'.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'MULTITUDE SE', 'NOTICE', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Snellman Attorneys Ltd', 'Kristiina Leppänen', 'Marion Khüny', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'dividend record date', 'The Annual Report', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Finnish time', 'Castrén', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'online stream', 'real time', 'telecommunication connections', 'technical means', 'English language', 'Balance Sheet', 'unrestricted equity', 'shareholder register', 'Culture Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Goutam Challagalla', 'Jorma Jokela', 'Lea Liigus', 'Ari Tiukkanen', 'new member', 'Public Accountants', 'Jukka Paunonen', 'registered office', 'reasonable remuneration', 'financial year', 'MULTITUDE SE', 'advance voting', 'following matters', 'Multitude Group', 'Governing Bodies', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'transfer proposal', 'Vice Chairman', 'other members', '1 MATTERS', 'NOTICE', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'Company', '25 April', '10:00 a', 'EEST', 'offices', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', '9:30 a', 'Instructions', 'Section', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Votes', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'Adoption', 'List', 'Presentation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'website', 'Resolution', 'Result', 'EUR', '7 May', '29 April', 'Liability', 'Consideration', 'appendix', 'recommendation', 'People', 'fees', 'month', 'employees', 'subsidiary', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'Number', 'term', 'KHT', 'charge', 'Malta', '21 March']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38384,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854374/0/en/NOTICE-TO-CONVENE-MULTITUDE-SE-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-SHAREHOLDERS.html,NOTICE TO CONVENE MULTITUDE SE’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS,NOTICE TO CONVENE MULTITUDE SE’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS            Notice is given to the shareholders of Multitude SE (Company) that...,NOTICE TO CONVENE MULTITUDE SE’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERSNotice is given to the shareholders of Multitude SE (Company) that the Annual General Meeting of the Company is to be held on 25 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time) at the offices of Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 14  Helsinki  Finland.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will start at 9:30 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time).Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions concerning advance voting are provided in Section 3.4 of this notice.It will not be possible to participate in the meeting or follow the meeting via an online stream or otherwise in real time by the use of telecommunication connections or technical means.The meeting will be held in the English language.1 MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERSAt the General Meeting of Shareholders  the following matters will be considered:(1) Opening of the Meeting(2) Calling the Meeting to Order(3) Election of Persons to Scrutinise the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of Votes(4) Recording the Legality of the Meeting(5) Recording the Attendance at the Meeting and Adoption of the List of Votes(6) Presentation of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the Year 2023Review by the CEO.The Annual Report  which includes the Company’s Annual Accounts and report of the Board of Directors as well as the Auditor’s Report  is available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/.(7) Adoption of the Annual Accounts(8) Resolution on the Use of the Result Shown on the Balance Sheet and the Distribution of DividendThe result for the financial year 2023 of Multitude SE amounted to EUR 6 331 943. The unrestricted equity of the Company at the end of the financial year stood at EUR 54 580 782. The result for the financial year 2023 of Multitude Group amounted to EUR 16 438 318.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  for the financial year 2023  a dividend of EUR 0.19 per share be distributed.The dividend is proposed to be paid on 7 May 2024 to shareholders who are registered in the Company’s shareholder register on the dividend record date of 29 April 2024.(9) Resolution on Discharging the Members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from Liability(10) Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/.(11) Consideration of the Remuneration Policy for Governing BodiesThe Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies is attached to this notice as an appendix and available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com.(12) Resolution on the Remuneration of the Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the People and Culture Committee that the fees payable to the members of the Board of Directors remain the same  and that the Chairman of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 8 000 per month  and each of the other members of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 4 000 per month.Furthermore  it is proposed that no remuneration will be paid to the members who are employees or CEOs of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.(13) Resolution on the Remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that the Auditor be paid reasonable remuneration in accordance with the Auditor’s invoice  which shall be approved by the Company.(14) Resolution on the Number of Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors be six.(15) Election of the Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that Goutam Challagalla  Jorma Jokela  Kristiina Leppänen  Lea Liigus and Ari Tiukkanen be re-elected as members and that Marion Khüny be elected as a new member  each one for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The Chairman and the Vice Chairman will be elected by the Board of Directors from amongst its members.The presentations of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/.(16) Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that Authorised Public Accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as the Auditor for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified that  should they be re-elected  authorised public accountant (KHT) Jukka Paunonen will act as the auditor-in-charge.(17) Election of the Auditor in MaltaThe Extraordinary General Meeting on 21 March 2024 resolved on the transfer of the Company’s registered office from Finland to Malta in accordance with the transfer proposal approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 17 January 2024.The Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that  upon the registration of the Company with the Malta Business Registry  PricewaterhouseCoopers (Registration Number: AB/26/84/38)  with their registered office situated at 78  Mill Street  Qormi  Malta be appointed as the Auditors of the Company until the earlier of: (i) the end of the next Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2025  or (ii) the Company’s continuation out of Malta into Switzerland.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Audit Committee be authorised to fix the Auditor’s remuneration and sign any engagement letter as may be required for the purposes of finalising the engagement.(18) Authorisation to the Board of Directors to Decide on the Repurchase and Acceptance as Pledge of the Company’s Own SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide to repurchase a maximum of 2 172 396 shares in the Company  which corresponds approximately to 10 per cent of all the shares in the Company.By virtue of the authorisation  own shares may be repurchased by using the Company’s unrestricted equity. Consequently  any repurchase will reduce the Company’s funds available for distribution of profits.The authorisation also includes the right to accept shares in the Company as pledge.Own shares may be repurchased through public trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange at the prevailing market price on the date of repurchase.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide to repurchase shares or accept shares as pledge also otherwise than in proportion to the shareholders’ holding in the Company by way of a directed repurchase or directed acceptance as pledge subject to the requirements set out in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The Board can use the authorisation in one or several tranches to all purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorisation is proposed to be in force until the earliest of: (i) the transfer of the registered office of Multitude SE from Finland to Malta pursuant to the transfer proposal approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 17 January 2024  (ii) the end of the next Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2025  or (iii) 30 June 2025.(19) Authorisation to the Board of Directors to Decide on the Issuance of Shares and Special Rights Entitling to SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide to issue a maximum of 3 258 594 shares  which corresponds approximately to 15 per cent of the Company’s total amount of shares. The Board of Directors may issue either new shares or transfer existing shares held by the Company.The authorisation also includes the right to issue special rights  in the meaning of Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  which entitle to the Company’s new shares or the Company’s own shares held by the Company against consideration. Shares that may be subscribed for by virtue of the special rights entitling to shares are included in the aforesaid maximum number of shares.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue and issue of special rights in deviation from the pre-emptive rights of shareholders subject to the requirements set out in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The Board of Directors can use the authorisation in one or several tranches  and it may be used to all purposes decided by the Board of Directors  such as developing the Company’s capital structure  financing or carrying out acquisitions or other arrangements  or as a part of the Company’s incentive schemes.The authorisation is proposed to be in force until the earliest of: (i) the transfer of the registered office of Multitude SE from Finland to Malta pursuant to the transfer proposal approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 17 January 2024  (ii) the end of the next Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2025  or (iii) 30 June 2025.(20) Closing of the Meeting2 MEETING MATERIALSThe proposals of the Board of Directors relating to the agenda of the General Meeting of Shareholders as well as this notice  the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies and the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies are available on Multitude SE’s website at https://www.multitude.com/.The Annual Report of Multitude SE  the Annual Accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report  are available on the above-mentioned Multitude SE’s website.The proposals of the Board of Directors and the other above-mentioned documents will also be available at the meeting.The minutes of the meeting will be made available on the above-mentioned Multitude SE’s website no later than on 9 May 2024.3 INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS3.1 Shareholders Registered in Shareholders’ RegisterEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting of Shareholders  i.e.  15 April 2024  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account are registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of votes.The registration to the General Meeting of Shareholders starts on 4 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time). Shareholders  who are registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company  and who wish to participate in the General Meeting  must register for the meeting by giving prior notice of participation as instructed below. The notice of participation must be received by the Company no later than on 22 April 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST / Finnish time). Such notice can be given:(a) by email to agm@multitude.com; or(b) by mail to Multitude SE  “AGM 2024”  Ratamestarinkatu 11 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  shareholders must provide the information requested such as their name  personal identification number/business ID  address and telephone number  and the shareholder’s possible representative’s and/or proxy representative’s name and personal identification number. Personal data disclosed by shareholders to Multitude SE will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the related registrations.A registration and advance voting form is available on the Company’s website.The shareholders as well as their authorised representatives or proxy representatives must  as necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the General Meeting.3.2 Holders of Nominee Registered SharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e.  15 April 2024. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the holders of nominee registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares by 22 April 2024 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time)  at the latest. This registration constitutes due registration for holders of nominee registered shares wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of votes.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to ask their custodian bank without delay for the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the General Meeting of Shareholders and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank must temporarily register holders of nominee-registered shares in the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above. Where necessary  the account manager of the custodian bank shall also arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.Further information on these matters is also available on the Company’s website at https://www.multitude.com/.3.3 Proxy Representatives and Power of AttorneyShareholders may participate in the General Meeting of Shareholders and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.Proxy representatives must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise reliably demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting of Shareholders by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting of Shareholders.A form of proxy is provided on Multitude SE’s website at https://www.multitude.com/. The form of proxy is provided for the shareholders’ convenience  and it is not necessary to use the form provided on the website.Copies of proxy documents are requested to be delivered to the Company either by email to agm@multitude.com or by mail to Multitude SE  “AGM 2024”  Ratamestarinkatu 11 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of registration on 22 April 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST / Finnish time) by which time the proxy documents must be received. Possible proxy documents in originals must be presented at the meeting venue if requested.In addition to the delivery of the proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must register for the General Meeting as described above in this notice.3.4 Advance VotingShareholders may use their voting rights also by voting in advance.Shareholders who are registered in the shareholder register of the Company can vote in advance as instructed below. The advance voting starts on 4 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish Time) and the advance votes must be received by the Company no later than on 22 April 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST / Finnish time). The advance votes can be given:(a) by email to agm@multitude.com; or(b) by mail to Multitude SE  “AGM 2024”  Ratamestarinkatu 11 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.Submitting votes as described above shall be deemed to constitute registration for the General Meeting  provided that the information required for the registration is provided.A registration and advance voting form is available on the Company’s website.For the advance votes to be considered in the General Meeting  the shareholder must be registered in the Company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise their right to request information  make proposals for resolutions  or demand a vote  or vote for an amended or a new proposal for resolution unless they attend the General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue.Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the relevant shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.Proposals for resolutions that are subject to advance voting are considered to have been presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a possible vote held during the meeting also in circumstances where an alternative proposal for resolution has been made in the relevant matter.3.5 Other Instructions and InformationThe meeting will be held in the English language.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  shareholders who are present at the General Meeting have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  dated 28 March 2024  the total number of shares in Multitude SE is 21 723 960 and each of these shares carries one vote. On the date of this notice  Multitude SE holds 80 786 of its own shares as treasury shares. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 9 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  shares held by the Company or a subsidiary do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting. Accordingly  the number of voting rights carried by the outstanding shares is 21 643 174.–––––––––––––––––––––––––In Helsinki on 28 March 2024MULTITUDE SEThe Board of DirectorsAPPENDIXRemuneration Policy for Governing BodiesContact:Lasse MäkeläChief Strategy and IR OfficerPhone: +41 79 371 34 17E-Mail: lasse.makela@multitude.comAbout Multitude SE:Multitude is a listed European FinTech company  offering digital lending and online banking services to consumers  small and medium-sized businesses  and other FinTechs overlooked by traditional banks. The services are provided through three independent business units  which are served by our internal Banking-as-a-Service Growth Platform. Multitude’s business units are consumer banking (Ferratum)  SME banking (CapitalBox) and wholesale banking (Multitude Bank). Multitude Group employs over 700 people in 25 countries and offers services in 16 countries  achieving a combined turnover of 230 million euros in 2023. Multitude was founded in Finland in 2005 and is listed on the Prime Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the symbol 'FRU'.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'MULTITUDE SE', 'NOTICE', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Snellman Attorneys Ltd', 'Kristiina Leppänen', 'Marion Khüny', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'dividend record date', 'The Annual Report', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Finnish time', 'Castrén', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'online stream', 'real time', 'telecommunication connections', 'technical means', 'English language', 'Balance Sheet', 'unrestricted equity', 'shareholder register', 'Culture Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Goutam Challagalla', 'Jorma Jokela', 'Lea Liigus', 'Ari Tiukkanen', 'new member', 'Public Accountants', 'Jukka Paunonen', 'registered office', 'reasonable remuneration', 'financial year', 'MULTITUDE SE', 'advance voting', 'following matters', 'Multitude Group', 'Governing Bodies', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'transfer proposal', 'Vice Chairman', 'other members', '1 MATTERS', 'NOTICE', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'Company', '25 April', '10:00 a', 'EEST', 'offices', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', '9:30 a', 'Instructions', 'Section', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Votes', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'Adoption', 'List', 'Presentation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'website', 'Resolution', 'Result', 'EUR', '7 May', '29 April', 'Liability', 'Consideration', 'appendix', 'recommendation', 'People', 'fees', 'month', 'employees', 'subsidiary', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'Number', 'term', 'KHT', 'charge', 'Malta', '21 March']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38385,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Convening-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Euronext-N-V-46313232/,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Convening of the A…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 28 March 2024 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 15 May 2024 at 10.30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2023 Updated Dutch Corporate Governance Code (discussion item) Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2023 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2023 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €2.48 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2023 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2023 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Dick Sluimers as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Appointment of Fedra Ribeiro as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Appointment of Muriel De Lathouwer as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 8) Appointment of Koen Van Loo as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 9) Composition of the Managing Board Re-appointment of Øivind Amundsen as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 10) Re-appointment of Simone Huis in ‘t Veld as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 11) Appointment of Simon Gallagher as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 12) Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 13) Proposal regarding cancellation of the company’s own shares purchased by the company under the share repurchase program (voting item 14) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body:a. to issue ordinary shares (voting item 15); andb. to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 16) Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 17) Any other business CloseThe AGM will be conducted in English.Registration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 17 April 2024  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Tuesday 7 May 2024 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 10 May 2024 by Uptevia  Assemblées Générales  90-110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle 92931 Paris La Défense Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia Corporate Trust. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Tuesday 7 May 2024 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 10 May 2024 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio ART’S – Av. D. Joao II – Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendants may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM viahttps://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20240515_1/AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2023 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsat Uptevia - Assemblées Générales – 90-110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle 92931 Paris La Défense Cedex  France - + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTSANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice @euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 p ortugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.comParis  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of December 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.19,0.35,0.46,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Assemblées Générales', 'Général de Gaulle', 'Paris La Défense Cedex', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Dutch Corporate Governance Code', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'Muriel De Lathouwer', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Edificio ART’S', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Koen Van Loo', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'share repurchase program', 'Uptevia Corporate Trust', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Dutch law', 'Annual report', 'ordinary share', 'share capital', 'Wednesday 15 May', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2023 remuneration report', '2023 financial statements', 'Managing Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Dick Sluimers', 'Fedra Ribeiro', 'Øivind Amundsen', 'Simone Huis', 'Simon Gallagher', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'other business', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', 'Tuesday 7 May', 'Friday 10 May', '90-110 Esplanade', 'Bloco B', 'valid admission', 'Registration date', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'The Shareholders', 'admission certificate', 'voting form', 'discussion item', 'The AGM', 'shares', 'Contacts', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', '28 March', 'place', '10.30 CEST', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'Explanation', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'appointment', 'Veld', 'cancellation', 'company', 'behalf', 'English', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '17 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38386,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MULTITUDE-SE-20568917/news/Multitude-Corporate-Governance-Statement-2023-Report-46313793/,Multitude : Corporate Governance Statement 2023 Report -March 28  2024 at 01:37 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT   2023   Multitude SE - Corporate Governance Statement 2023    Corporate Governance Statement 2023   This Corporate Governance Statement has been prepared in accordance with the recommenda-t…,"CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT2023Multitude SE - Corporate Governance Statement 2023Corporate Governance Statement 2023 This Corporate Governance Statement has been prepared in accordance with the recommenda-tions of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code (2020). The Corporate Governance Statement has been prepared separately from the Report of the Board of Directors of Multitude SE (""Multitude"" or ""Company"")  and it is available on Multitude's websitehttps://www.multitude.com/. Multitude's Board of Directors has approved this Corporate Governance Statement. Multitude's external auditor  PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  has verified that this statement has been issued and that the description of the main features of the internal control and risk management systems pertaining to the financial reporting process is consistent with Multitude's financial statements. General governance principles Multitude is a European company (SE) domiciled in Helsinki  Finland that in its decision-making and governance complies with the Council Regulation (EC) No 2157/2001 of 8 October 2001 on the Statute for a European company (SE)  the Finnish European Companies Act  the Finnish Com-panies Act and other relevant legislation concerning European companies listed on a regulated market and the Articles of Association of Multitude. Multitude is listed in the Prime Standard Segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The Company complies with the rules and regulations of Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapier-börse). Multitude complies with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020 published by the Securities Market Association. The Finnish Corporate Governance Code is available on the Securities Market Association's website athttps://cgfinland.fi/ and English version at https://cgfinland.fi/en/. Supervision and management of the Company is divided among the General Meeting of Share-holders  the Board of Directors and the CEO.General Meeting The shareholders exercise their power of decision at the General Meeting. The Company must hold the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders by the end of June each year. If necessary  an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held. Shareholders may exercise their right to speak  ask questions and vote at the General Meeting. The matters to be considered at the An-nual General Meeting (AGM) are specified in Multitude's Articles of Association and in Chapter 5  Section 3 of the Finnish Companies Act. Resolutions by the General Meeting are published without delay after the meeting by a stock ex-change release and on the Company's websitehttps://www.multitude.com/. Information on General Meetings to Shareholders The Board of Directors shall convene the Annual General Meeting or an Extraordinary General Meeting with a notice to be published on the Company's websitehttps://www.multitude.com/. The notice must list the agenda for the meeting. The notice to a meeting and the Board of Directors' proposals for the meeting are also published as a stock exchange release. The notice to the General Meeting  documents to be submitted to the General Meeting and draft resolutions to the General Meeting will be available on the Company's website at least three weeks before the General Meeting. The Company will disclose on its website the date by which a shareholder shall notify the Board of Directors of the Company of an issue that he or she demands to be included in the agenda of the Annual General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting shall be posted on the Company's website within two weeks of the General Meeting. The documents related to the General Meeting shall be available on the Company's website at least for three months after the General Meeting.Organisation of the General MeetingAccording to the Company's Articles of Association  the General Meeting shall be held in the Company's domicile in Helsinki  Finland or in Frankfurt am Main  State of Hessen  Germany  as resolved by the Board of Directors of the Company. In the Annual General Meeting of 2023 it was resolved to amend the Company's Articles of Association so that the Board of Directors may also resolve that the General Meeting shall be held without a meeting venue so that the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full and in real time during the meeting by means of telecommunication and other technical means (remote meeting).To be able to participate in the General Meeting  a shareholder must be registered on the record date of the General Meeting in Multitude's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. Shareholders must register for a General Meeting in advance within the time prescribed in the notice. A shareholder may participate in a General Meeting personally or through a duly authorised proxy. The proxy must present a power-of-attorney form for such authorisation. Upon registration for a General Meeting  the shareholder must report to the Company any powers of attorney issued. The shareholder and proxy may have an assistant present at the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares  which he/she holds on the record date of the General Meeting and would be entitled to have registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by the date and time prescribed in the notice to the General Meeting. A notification by a holder of nominee-registered shares for inclusion in the Company's temporary shareholders' register is perceived as prior notice of participation in the General Meeting.Attendance of the Board of Directors  Managing Director and Auditor at the General MeetingThe Chairman of the Board of Directors and a sufficient number of members of the Board and its committees as well as the CEO shall attend the General Meeting unless there are well-founded reasons for absence. In addition  the auditor shall be present at the Annual General Meeting  unless there are well-founded reasons for absence.Attendance of a prospective Director at a General MeetingA person proposed for the first time as Director shall participate in the General Meeting that resolves on his or her election unless there are well-founded reasons for absence.Shareholders' agreementsA shareholders' agreement is an agreement among the shareholders of a company on the compa-ny's governance and management. A shareholders' agreement can be made when a company is established or during the time of its operation. A shareholders' agreement is binding between the parties thereto. A shareholders' agreement does not bind the company itself unless the company is included in the agreement. In general  the Board of Directors approves a shareholders' agree-ment on behalf of the Company.Multitude is not a party to a shareholders' agreement regarding Multitude. Multitude is not aware of any shareholders' agreements between Multitude's shareholders.BoardThe Board of Directors principally administers the Company and resolves on the organisation of its operations. The Board of Directors is responsible for the appropriate organisation of the control of the Company's accounts and finances and acts in accordance with the Company's best interest. The Board of Directors is elected by the General Meeting. A member of the Board of Directors may be removed from office at any time by a resolution passed by the General Meeting.Under Finnish law  it is not necessary for a European company or for a company of a certain size to include employee representatives on the Board of Directors and there are currently no employee representatives on the Board of Directors.Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company  the Board of Directors comprises no fewer than three (3) and no more than nine (9) members. The term of each member of the Board of Direc-tors shall expire at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting after the election. Therefore  the entire Board of Directors is elected at each Annual General Meeting.Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company  the Board of Directors elects the Chairman and the deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors from amongst its members.The Board of Directors has a quorum to adopt resolutions if more than half of its members are present. As the Board of Directors had in the end of the year 2023 six (6) members  this quorum was four (4). A resolution is adopted if it is supported by more than one half of the members present at a meeting. In the event of a tie  the Chairman can cast the deciding vote.The Board of Directors is responsible for the Company's management and for the due organisation of the Company's operations in accordance with the relevant legislation and the Company's Articles of Association. The Board of Directors controls and monitors the Company's operational management  appoints and dismisses the CEO and approves the major decisions affecting the Company's strategy  capital expenditures  organisation  remuneration and bonus systems covering the management and finances.Charter of the BoardAs part of the Company's corporate governance  Multitude's Board of Directors has approved a charter defining the Board's status  duties and the meeting procedures. The Board's rules of pro-cedure complement the stipulations of the Finnish Companies Act and the Articles of Association of the Company.The Board represents all of the shareholders of Multitude and strives to advance their interests and those of the Company. The Board is responsible for the administration of the Company and for arranging the operations of the Company in an adequate manner. The Board shall ensure that the controls regarding the Company's accounting and managing of funds and other assets  and other risk management are adequately arranged.The Board's duties and tasks include  in particular:1. to ensure that the Company is managed according to sound business principles and that the reporting  controls and risk management are adequate;2.to attend to such administrative matters that have not been entrusted to the CEO;3. to appoint and dismiss the CEO and the deputy CEO  if any  and to determine their compensa-tions and other material terms of their contracts;4. after consultation with the CEO to appoint and dismiss the executive officers of the Company and to determine their compensations;5. to establish the organisational structure at the Group's executive level;6. to approve the Company's strategy and to oversee its implementation;7. to approve the Group's annual business plan and budget and to oversee the performance of the same;8. to establish and regularly evaluate the principles in respect of the Group's personnel policies including those related to compensation  and in particular approve structures and target settings for the Company's short and long-term incentive structures;9. to approve the Group's investment guidelines;10. to resolve upon establishing subsidiary companies and upon material changes affecting the same  and upon disposal of property or other material fixed assets  to the corresponding extent that investments in such fixed assets would be resolved upon by the Board  as well as upon mortgaging of property as security for payment of loan  and to resolve upon granting of security for the fulfilment of obligations of third parties or those of the subsidiary companies;11. to propose to the General Meeting the matters that shall be resolved upon by the Shareholders;12. to resolve upon proposing to the General Meeting making of a resolution  or granting the Board the authorisation to make a resolution  on buy-back and disposal of the Company's own shares  emission of new shares  convertible bonds  share options and other similar instruments;13. to resolve upon charitable donations that are not insignificant and other matters of non-operational nature;14. to ensure that the Company's financial statements (including consolidated financial state-ments) and the annual report are prepared in accordance with law  and to make a proposal to the General Meeting on the use of distributable profits of the Company;15. to approve the charter of the Board and to establish the committees of the Board and their compositions and charters;16. to monitor and evaluate the financial reporting process  audit  the effectiveness of internal control and audit and risk management systems  as well as the independence of the auditors and in particular the provision of non-audit services; and17. to assume to attend any matter that does not according to law belong to the General Meeting.Meetings of the BoardThe Board meets as often as appropriate fulfilment of its obligations requires. Multitude's Board of Directors had 15 meetings in 2023. The members of the Board of Directors attended the meetings as follows:Name Meeting attendance Goutam N. Challagalla 15/15 Michael A. Cusumano 15/15 Jorma Jokela 15/15 Kristiina Leppänen 15/15 Lea Liigus 15/15 Jussi Mekkonen (member until 27 April 2023) 5/5 Frederik Strange (member until 27 April 2023) 5/5 Ari Tiukkanen (elected as member on 27 April 2023) 10/10 Juhani Vanhala (member until 27 April 2023) 5/5 6Performance evaluation of the BoardOn an annual basis  the Board of Directors assesses its activities and work practices. The Board specifies the criteria to be used in the assessment  which is carried out as an internal self-evaluation.Composition of the BoardThe General Meeting elects the members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of Multitude prepares a list of proposed members of the Board of Directors for consideration by the General Meeting. The candidates proposed by the Board of Directors are reported upon in the meeting notice and on the Company's website.In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the Annual General Meeting held on 27 April 2023 reelected Goutam N. Challagalla  Michael A. Cusumano  Jorma Jokela  Kristiina Lep-pänen and Lea Liigus as ordinary members. The Annual General Meeting also elected Ari Tiuk-kanen as new ordinary member. The Board of Directors elected Ari Tiukkanen as the Chairman. In the end of the year 2023  the Board of Directors consisted of the following persons:Ari Tiukkanen  Chairman  born in 1961  has been the Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2023. Ari joined the Company in 2015 and prior to his current position  he was the Deputy Chief Exec-utive Officer. He studied industrial engineering at Jyväskylä University of Applied Sciences and graduated as BSc (engineering) 1986. His management experience includes serving as a head of Building & Industry business at Metsä Wood from 2012 to 2015  as CEO of Icare Finland / Revenio Group from 2008 to 2012  as commercial director of Paloheimo Group from 2006 to 2008  as head of Building Products business line at Finnforest from 1999 to 2006  as various management posi-tions at Halton Group from 1992 to 1999.Goutam N. Challagalla  born in 1964  joined the Board of Directors in April 2019. He has studied Economics and Mathematics at Osmania University  Hyderabad  India. He is a Professor of Strat-egy and Marketing at IMD  Lausanne  Switzerland. Prior to IMD  he spent 20 years as a professor at Georgia Tech in Atlanta  USA. He also worked as Principal at The Monitor Group  a strategy consulting company in Boston. At IMD  he is Faculty Director of the Digital Marketing Strategy pro-gram and several custom programs for B2B and B2C clients. His teaching  consulting  and research focuses on strategy with an emphasis on digital transformation  business-to-business commercial management  value-based pricing  sales management  distribution channels  and customer and service excellence. His research has been published in top marketing and management journals such as Journal of Marketing  Journal of Marketing Research  Management Science  Strategic Man-agement Journal  and the Journal of Applied Psychology. He is a recipient of the Maynard Award  which is given to the best paper in the Journal of Marketing (2015). His PhD is from the University of Texas  Austin  USA.Michael A. Cusumano  born in 1954  has been a member of the Board of Directors since April 2019. He is the SMR Distinguished Professor of Management and Deputy Dean at the MIT Sloan School at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He specialises in strategy  product development  and entrepreneurship in computer software as well as automobiles and consumer electronics. During 2016-17  he was on leave as Special Vice President and Dean of Entrepreneurship and Innovation at Tokyo University of Science. He is also a director of Orix Corporation  based in Japan. He has served as editor-in-chief and chairman of the MIT Sloan Management Review and in 2009  he was named one of the most influential people in technology and IT by Silicon.com. He has consulted and lectured for approximately 100 companies and has published 14 books and more than 120 articles. He holds a PhD from Harvard University and completed a postdoctoral fellowship in Pro-duction and Operations Management at the Harvard Business School.Jorma Jokela  born in 1979  is the CEO and the founder of the Company and has been a mem-ber of the Board of Directors since 2005. He studied accounting at the Commercial College of Kuopio and the Helsinki Business College and holds also an eMBA from IMD in Switzerland. He is the founder of Jokela Capital Oy in Helsinki where he headed the company as CEO from 1998 to 2000. He subsequently sold the Jokela Capital business in 2004. In 2005  he founded the Multi-tude Group and has been its CEO since then. Jorma Jokela is currently a member of the Board of JT Capital Limited  Jokela Capital OÜ and Jokela Capital Oy.Kristiina Leppänen  born in 1969  has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2022. She has been working in senior financial and leadership positions for over 25 years and has an exten-sive CFO background in global industrial companies. Since April 2023  she is Group CFO of The Infinigate Group  the value-add distributor of cybersecurity  secure network  and secure cloud headquartered in Zug  Switzerland. For the past 3 years was Kristiina Group CFO of Enics  a lead-ing global service provider in electronics manufacturing  where she was responsible for Finance and Controlling  Treasury  Risk Management  IT  Legal Affairs  and Corporate Development. Prior to joining Enics  she spent over four years in charge of Finance and Investor Relations as Cavotec CFO in Switzerland  and almost 5 years as Group CFO of GS Hydro Group in Finland. She holds an MBA in International Finance from the Helsinki School of Economics.Lea Liigus  born in 1972  is the Head of Legal and Compliance of the Group. She has been a mem-ber of the Board of Directors since 2006. She studied law at the University of Tartu in Estonia and completed Master of Laws (LL.M.) Programme in Contract and Commercial Law at the University of Helsinki in Finland. Before she joined Multitude in 2006  she worked as a lecturer for Commer-cial Law and EU law at the Estonian Business School in Tallinn and as an attorney-at-law special-ised in commercial  financial law and EU law at Sorainen Law Offices in Estonia.Principles concerning the diversity of the BoardThe composition of the Board of Directors should reflect the Company's operations and the mar-kets in which it operates. Sufficient diversity at the Board of Directors level is relevant in ensuring the efficient and optimal work and performance of the Board of Directors.The Company's Board of Directors has reviewed and confirmed the principles for Board diversity.Important diversity factors for Multitude are the mutually complementary expertise of the mem-bers  their education and experience in different professional areas  leadership experience  and personal capabilities  as well as experience in an international operating environment  different cultures  and age and gender breakdown.The Board of Directors shall take account of proposing members from both genders  aligning with the Company's goal of having 38% of its Directors be women by 2025.In 2023  the composition of the Company's Board of Directors was balanced with regard to the diversity principles. At the end of 2023  33% of the Board of Directors comprised women.Independence of DirectorsAccording to the Finnish Corporate Governance Code  the majority of the Directors shall be inde-pendent of the Company. In addition  at least two of the Directors representing this majority shall be independent of significant shareholders of the Company.The Board shall evaluate the independence of the Directors and report which of them are inde-pendent of the Company and which are independent of significant shareholders. The reasoning for determining that a Director is not independent must also be reported.NameIndependent of the CompanyIndependent of signiﬁcant shareholdersShares and share-based rights of each Director and corporations over which he/she exercises control in the Company and its Group companies at the end of year 2023Three out of six members of the Board  i.e.  Jorma Jokela  Lea Liigus and Ari Tiukkanen  are depen-dent on the Company for reasons explained below. Jorma Jokela is also dependent of significant shareholders as he holds  directly and indirectly through corporations over which he exercises control  55.29 percent of the Company's shares. The remaining Board members  i.e.  Goutam N. Challagalla  Michael A. Cusumano and Kristiina Leppänen  are independent of the Company and of significant shareholders of the Company.Jorma Jokela  CEO  and Lea Liigus  Head of Legal and Compliance  have service contracts with the Company and are therefore dependent of the Company. Both of them have also served as Directors for more than ten consecutive years. Ari Tiukkanen also had a service contract with the Company until the end of April 2023. Ari Tiukkanen is therefore dependent on the Company.Obligation of Directors to provide informationEach Director shall provide the Board with sufficient information that will allow the Board to eval-uate his or her qualifications and independence and notify the Board of any changes in such information.Board committeesThe Board of Directors of Multitude has established three permanent committees  an Audit Com-mittee  a People and Culture Committee (former Remuneration Committee) and a Risk Commit-tee. The Board of Directors has confirmed rules of procedure for these committees in accordance with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. The minimum number of members is three in all the committees. The Board has confirmed written charters for the committees. A new charter was approved by the Company's Board of Directors for the People and Culture Committee on 10 March 2022 and for the Risk Committee on 20 December 2022. The committees report on their work regularly to the Board  but they do not have decision-making powers independent from the Board.The Company does not have a nomination committee for the preparation of matters pertaining to the nomination of Directors.Audit CommitteeThe Audit Committee is established to ensure the proper functioning of corporate governance  in particular to ensure the overseeing of the accounting and financial reporting  the Company's internal control systems and work of external auditors.In addition  the committee assists the Board of Directors in other duties related to the committee's work as specified by the Board. The purpose of the committee is to assist the Board by preparing the committee-dedicated matters for the Board.The members of the committee must be sufficiently qualified to perform the responsibilities of the committee and at least one member shall have expertise specifically in accounting or auditing. The members of the committee shall not participate in the daily management of the Company or other companies or foundations consolidated in the consolidated financial statements. Further  the majority of the members of the committee shall be independent of the Company and at least one of the members shall be independent of significant shareholders.The external auditors and Chief Financial Officer attend the committee meetings on a regular basis. Other senior executives attend the meetings as invited by the committee.10",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Corporate Governance Statement', 'Multitude', '2023 Report', 'March', '01:37', 'The Finnish Corporate Governance Code', 'Finnish European Companies Act', 'The Corporate Governance Statement', 'Finnish Com-panies Act', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'other relevant legislation', 'Prime Standard Segment', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Frankfurter Wertpapier-börse', 'stock ex-change release', 'stock exchange release', 'General governance principles', 'financial reporting process', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'risk management systems', 'other technical means', 'Securities Market Association', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'An-nual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'regulated market', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'main features', 'financial statements', 'General Meetings', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'external auditor', 'internal control', 'Council Regulation', 'English version', 'two weeks', 'three months', 'assistant present', 'nominee-registered shares', 'European company', 'real time', 'record date', 'attorney form', 'shareholder register', 'Multitude SE', 'accordance', 'recommenda-tions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'websitehttps', 'description', 'Helsinki', 'decision-making', '8 October', 'Statute', 'Articles', 'rules', 'regulations', 'cgfinland', 'Supervision', 'Share-holders', 'CEO', 'shareholders', 'power', 'June', 'right', 'questions', 'matters', 'AGM', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Resolutions', 'delay', 'Information', 'notice', 'agenda', 'proposals', 'documents', 'draft', 'issue', 'minutes', 'Organisation', 'domicile', 'Hessen', 'Germany', 'full', 'telecommunication', 'advance', 'authorised', 'proxy', 'authorisation', 'registration']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38387,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HARBOUR-ENERGY-PLC-120993565/news/Harbour-Energy-2024-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-46308168/,Harbour Energy : 2024 Notice of Annual General Meeting -March 28  2024 at 05:54 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Remuneration     Louise Hough   Independent Non-Executive Director   Appointed 1 May 2023   Skills and experience   Louise has a wealth of experience and deep understanding of both ﬁnancial and energy...https://www.market…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.If you are in any doubt as to any aspect of the proposals referred to in this document or as to the action you should take  you should seek your own advice from a stockbroker  solicitor  accountant  or other professional adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all your Ordinary Shares in Harbour Energy plc  you should forward this document and the accompanying form of proxy to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee.Harbour Energy plcLetter from the Chair and Notice of Annual General MeetingCONTENTS2 Letter from the Chair (including an explanation of the resolutions proposed)5 Directors seeking re-election8 Notice of Annual General Meeting10 Notes to the Notice of MeetingNOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of the Company to be held at No.11 Cavendish Square  London  W1G 0AN at 10:00am on Thursday 9 May 2024 is contained within this document.Letter from the Chair28 March 2024Harbour Energy plcRegistered Ofﬁce: 4th Floor  Saltire Court 20 Castle Terrace  Edinburgh EH1 2ENRegistered in Scotland Company No. SC234781Dear Shareholder I am pleased to enclose the Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Harbour Energy plc (the Company) to be held at No.11 Cavendish Square  London W1G 0AN at 10:00am on Thursday 9 May 2024 (the Meeting). The formal Notice of Meeting is set out on pages 8 and 9 of this document.This document  as well as the Company's 2023 Annual Report & Accounts  is available on our website at harbourenergy.com. You are encouraged to monitor our website and also announcements via a Regulatory Information Service for any updates to the Meeting arrangements.Please note that no presentations on the Company's business will be given at the Meeting and no refreshments will be available. Instead  the Board has arranged for a presentation to be made available on the Company's website on the morning of 9 May 2024.For those attending the meeting in person  registration will open at 09:30am. The safety of the Company's shareholders is a priority. The Company will not permit behaviour that may interfere with anyone's security or safety or the good order of the Meeting. Anyone who does not comply may be removed from the Meeting. There will be a security check in the reception area at the venue  and a routine bag search will be undertaken. The use of electrical equipment and cameras will not be permitted during the Meeting.Shareholder questionsThere will be a Question-and-Answer session during the Meeting where all directors  including the Committee Chairs  will be available to take questions relevant to the business of the Meeting.You are also able to submit questions ahead of the Meeting by email toinvestor.relations@harbourenergy.com by 5:00pm on Friday 19 April 2024. You will need to include your Shareholder Reference Number along with your questions. Your shareholder reference number can be found on any written communications received from the registrar  Equiniti. Answers to relevant questions raised in relation to the Meeting will be published by 12:00pm on Friday 26 April 2024 in the Annual General Meeting section of the Company's website at harbourenergy.com/investors/ shareholder-information.Voting at the MeetingYOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. We strongly encourage all shareholders to exercise their vote by appointing the Chair of the Meeting (rather than a named individual) as their proxy and providing voting instructions in advance of the Meeting  in accordance with the instructions explained in the Notes attached to the Notice of Meeting which appear on pages 10 and 11 of this document.Appointing a proxy does not preclude you from attending the Meeting and voting in person on any matters in respect of which the proxy or proxies is or are appointed. In the event that you are able to  and to the extent that you personally vote your shares  your proxy shall not be entitled to vote and any vote cast by your proxy in such circumstances shall be ignored.All resolutions will be decided on a poll to be called by the Chair of the Meeting. This reﬂects current best practice and ensures that shareholders who have appointed the Chair of the Meeting as their proxy have their votes fully taken into account. The results will be published on the Company's website and announced through a Regulatory Information Service as soon as practicable following the conclusion of the Meeting.An explanation of certain elements of the business to be considered at the Meeting is set out below.Ordinary resolutionsAt this year's Meeting there are 22 resolutions which shareholders are asked to approve. Resolutions 1 to 18 (inclusive) are proposed as ordinary resolutions. This means that for each of those resolutions to be passed  more than half of the votes cast must be in favour of the resolution.Resolutions 19 to 22 (inclusive) are proposed as special resolutions. This means that for each of those resolutions to be passed  at least three-quarters of the votes cast must be in favour of the resolution.Resolution 1: 2023 Annual ReportThe Companies Act 2006 (the Act) requires the directors of a public company to lay before the company in general meeting the annual report and accounts of the company for each ﬁnancial year. The directors ask that shareholders receive the Company's Annual Report & Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the Annual Report)  including the Strategic Report  the Directors' Remuneration Report  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report.Resolution 2: Annual Report on RemunerationResolution 2 seeks shareholder approval for the Annual Report on Remuneration (other than the part containing the Directors' Remuneration Policy) which can be found on pages 82 to 85  and 94 to 103 (inclusive) of the Annual Report. The Annual Report on Remuneration sets out payments made to directors during 2023. The vote on Resolution 2 is an advisory vote and any entitlement of a director to remuneration is not conditional on Resolution 2 being passed.Ernst & Young LLP (EY) have audited those parts of the Annual Report on Remuneration that are required to be audited and their report may be found on pages 109 to 117 (inclusive) of the Annual Report.Resolution 3: Remuneration PolicyResolution 3 is to approve the Directors' Remuneration Policy (the Policy) as set out on pages 85 to 93 of the Annual Report. The Policy sets out the Company's proposed policy on remuneration and potential payments to directors going forward. The Act provides that companies must put their Remuneration Policy to a shareholder vote at least every three ﬁnancial years and the Company's Policy was last approved by shareholders at the 2021 Annual General Meeting.One material change has been made to the Policy compared to the 2021 policy  which is the introduction  from 2024  of a lower level of bonus deferral (25 per cent of bonus) for executive directors that have already met their minimum shareholding guidelines. In practice  this means that the proposed change only impacts executive directors who already have a signiﬁcant shareholding and can clearly demonstrate a strong alignment with the interests of our shareholders. Further detail and the rationale for this change are set out on page 88 of the Annual Report.The Committee wrote to major shareholders and three of the proxy advisory ﬁrms in late 2023 to invite discussion on the proposed changes to the Policy and its implementation for 2024 and was pleased with the levels of support expressed.The vote on Resolution 3 is a binding vote and  if passed  the Company may not make a remuneration payment to a current or prospective director or a payment for loss of ofﬁce to a current or past director  unless that payment is consistent with the Policy or has otherwise been approved by a separate resolution of the members of the Company.If Resolution 3 is passed  the Policy will take effect immediately. The Policy must be put to a shareholder vote and approved at least once every three ﬁnancial years  or earlier if it is proposed that the Policy is amended during that time.Resolution 4: DividendThe directors are pleased to be recommending to shareholders that a dividend of 13 cents per share be declared in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023. The dividend recommended is in line with the Company's $200 million annual dividend policy. If approved  the dividend will be paid on 22 May 2024  in pound sterling  to all shareholders on the register of members on 12 April 2024 (the Record Date). The Company will use the prevailing exchange rate between US dollars and pound sterling on the Record Date to determine the dividend payable.A Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) is available to shareholders who would prefer to invest their dividend in the shares of the Company. The last date to elect for the DRIP in respect of this dividend is 26 April 2024. Further information about the DRIP is available from the Company's registrar  Equiniti.Resolutions 5 to 14: Re-election of directorsThe UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the Code) recommends that all directors stand for annual re-election or election by shareholders. Accordingly  all directors will submit themselves for re-election by shareholders.Following completion of the 2023 Board performance review  the Nomination Committee considered the ﬁndings of the evaluation and concluded that each director is appropriately skilled and experienced  continues to contribute effectively  demonstrates commitment and has sufﬁcient time to dedicate to their role. The outcome of the independence review for the non-executive directors concluded that each independent director continues to be independent. The biographies on pages 5 to 7 of this Notice of Meeting set out the key strengths and experience of each director  which are relevant to the long-term success of the Company and therefore the reason why the Board believes each director's contribution is  and continues to be  important to the Company's long-term sustainable success. Accordingly  the Board unanimously recommends the re-election of each of the directors listed in Resolutions 5 to 14.Resolution 15: Re-appointment of the AuditorUK company legislation requires that shareholders re-appoint the external auditor at each general meeting at which accounts are laid before the company  to hold ofﬁce until the end of the next such meeting. Following a review of the work undertaken by EY  and on the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee  the Board is proposing to shareholders the re-appointment of EY as the Company's auditor  EY having expressed their willingness to continue in ofﬁce for a further year. Further details of the work of the Audit and Risk Committee during the year and its assessment of EY's performance  effectiveness and independence are available in the Annual Report from pages 76 to 79.Resolution 16: Auditor's remunerationIf authorised by shareholders  the directors may set the remuneration payable to the external auditor and Resolution 16 proposes the renewal of the current authority to do so. The Board has delegated this authority to the Audit and Risk Committee. Details of the remuneration paid to the external auditor during the year ended 31 December 2023 may be found on page 140 of the Annual Report.Resolution 17: Political donationsThe Company's policy is not to make political donations or to incur political expenditure; however  the deﬁnitions of these terms under the Act are very wide. No political donations were made nor political expenditure incurred during 2023. For example  bodies which the Company may see the beneﬁt in supporting  such as those concerned with policy review and law reform  or industry representative groups  may be included in the deﬁnitions used by the Act. The Company therefore wishes to ensure that neither it nor its subsidiaries inadvertently contravene the Act by making what would  under the Act  be deﬁned as a political donation. The Board is therefore seeking authority  under sections 366 and 367 of the Act  to fund donations or incur expenditure up to an aggregate limit of £50 000 per annum as set out in the Resolution. Any donation in excess of £2 000 which would be deﬁned as a political donation for the purposes of the Act will be disclosed in the Company's Annual Report for 2024  as required by the Act.Resolution 18: General authority to allot sharesResolution 18 seeks authority for the Board to allot  or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into  a limited number of shares in the Company. Section 551 of the Act requires such authority to be granted by the Company in a general meeting so that any allotment of shares or grant of rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares is not exercised at the sole discretion of the directors. The Resolution speciﬁes the maximum nominal amount of shares which can be allotted or rights granted. Guidance published by the Investment Association in 2023 states that its members will regard as routine an authority to allot up to two-thirds of the existing issued share capital  provided that any amount in excess of one-third of the existing issued shares be applied to fully pre-emptive offers only. The Board considers it appropriate to follow this guidance.Part a) of this Resolution therefore authorises the directors to allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares up to an aggregate nominal amount equal to £5 135 (representing 256 750 000 Ordinary Shares of 0.002 pence each). This amount represents approximately one-third of the issued ordinary share capital (excluding treasury shares) of the Company.Part b) of this Resolution authorises the directors to allot equity securities in connection with any pre-emptive offer to existing Ordinary shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings and to holders of other equity securities if required by the rights of those securities up to an aggregate nominal amount equal to £10 271 or 531 550 000 Ordinary Shares of 0.002 pence each  less the nominal amount of any shares issued under part a) of the Resolution. This amount represents approximately two-thirds of the issued ordinary share capital (excluding treasury shares) of the Company.The ﬁgure used for the nominal amount of issued ordinary share capital of the Company is based on the ordinary share capital in issue as at 22 March 2024  the latest practicable date prior to the date of this document (the Latest Practicable Date). As at 22 March 2024  no Ordinary Shares are held by the Company in treasury. Except in connection with existing arrangements to issue Ordinary Shares (to satisfy options and awards under the Company's option and incentive schemes and one-off incentive arrangements)  the directors have no present intention to exercise either of the authorities sought under this Resolution but would like the ﬂexibility to do so in appropriate circumstances. These authorities shall last until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2025 or on 9 August 2025  whichever is the sooner  unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting.SPECIAL RESOLUTIONSResolutions 19 and 20: General disapplication of pre-emption rights and disapplication of pre-emption rights in connection with an acquisition or speciﬁed capital investmentIf a company proposes to allot Ordinary Shares or other 'equity securities' (including by way of sale of any shares which the company has purchased and has elected to hold as treasury shares) wholly for cash  it has a statutory obligation (subject to certain exemptions) to offer those equity securities to holders of Ordinary Shares in proportion to their existing holdings.Resolutions 19 and 20 seek to disapply this statutory right of ﬁrst refusal to a limited extent to give the directors the power to allot Ordinary Shares and other equity securities (or sell any Ordinary Shares which the Company holds in treasury) for cash without ﬁrst offering them to existing shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings.This would provide the directors with a degree of ﬂexibility to act in the best interests of the Company so that (i) the Company can follow normal practice in the event of a rights issue  open offer or other pre-emptive offer of securities in favour of existing shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings; and (ii) a limited number of shares may be issued for cash to persons other than existing shareholders in compliance with the 2023 Investment Association Share Capital Management Guidelines and the 2022 Pre-emption Group Statement of Principles (the ""Pre-Emption Group Principles"").Resolution 19 authorises the directors to allot new equity securities  pursuant to the authority given by Resolution 18  or to sell treasury shares for cash  in each case on a non-pre-emptive basis:(i) by way of rights issue  open offer or other pre-emptive offer of securities to existing shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings and to holders of other equity securities if required by the rights of those securities (subject to certain exclusions);(ii) up to a nominal amount of £1 540 equivalent to approximately 10 per cent of the total issued ordinary share capital (excluding treasury shares) or 77 000 000 Ordinary Shares of 0.002 pence each as at 22 March 2024 for general corporate purposes; or(iii) otherwise up to a nominal amount of £308  equivalent to approximately 2 per cent of the total issued ordinary share capital (excluding treasury shares) or 15 400 000 Ordinary Shares of 0.002 pence each as at 22 March 2024 for the purposes only of a follow-on offer as described in the Pre-Emption Group Principles.Letter from the Chair continuedResolution 20 additionally authorises the directors to allot new equity securities (or sell treasury shares) for cash  on a non-pre-emptive basis  in connection with the ﬁnancing (or reﬁnancing  if the authority is to be used within 12 months after the original transaction) of an acquisition or speciﬁed capital investment which is announced contemporaneously with the allotment or which has taken place in the preceding 12-month period and is disclosed in the announcement of the allotment. The authority under Resolution 20 is limited to:(i) up to an additional nominal amount of £1 540 equivalent to approximately 10 per cent of the total issued ordinary share capital (excluding treasury shares) or 77 000 000 Ordinary Shares of 0.002 pence each as at 22 March 2024 for the purposes of an acquisition or a speciﬁed capital investment as described in the Pre-Emption Group Principles; and(ii)up to a nominal amount of £308  equivalent to approximately 2 per cent of the total issued ordinary share capital (excluding treasury shares) or 15 400 000 Ordinary Shares of 0.002 pence each as at 22 March 2024 for the purposes only of a follow-on offer as described in the Pre-Emption Group Principles.The directors conﬁrm that they will only allot shares representing an additional 10 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company for cash pursuant to the authority referred to in Resolution 20  where that allotment is in connection with an acquisition or speciﬁed capital investment (as deﬁned in the Pre-Emption Group Principles) which is announced contemporaneously with the allotment  or which has taken place in the preceding 12-month period and is disclosed in the announcement of the allotment.The authority sought by the directors in both Resolution 19 and Resolution 20 includes the ability to issue up to a further 2 per cent of issued ordinary share capital in each case for the purposes of a follow-on offer. The Pre-Emption Group Principles provide for follow-on offers as a possible means of enabling smaller and retail shareholders in the Company to participate in a non-pre-emptive equity issue when it may not be possible (for timing or other reasons) for them to participate in a particular placing being undertaken. The Pre-Emption Group Principles set out the expected features of any such follow-on offer  including in relation to qualifying shareholders  monetary caps on the amount for which qualifying shareholders can subscribe and the issue price of the shares.The aggregate nominal amount to be allotted under Resolutions 19 and 20 combined is equivalent to approximately 24 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at 22 March 2024  being the Latest Practicable Date prior to the publication of this Notice. These disapplication authorities are in line with institutional shareholder guidance  and in particular  are within the limits set out in the Pre-Emption Group Principles and the Investment Association's share capital management guidelines. In respect of Resolutions 19 and 20  the directors conﬁrm their intention to follow the shareholder protections in Part 2B of the Pre-Emption Group Principles as well as the expected features of a follow-on offer as set out in paragraph 3 of Part 2B of the Pre-Emption Group Principles  wherever practicable  and to consult with major shareholders (to the extent reasonably practicable and permitted by law) in advance of the directors exercising their authority under either Resolution 19 and/or Resolution 20 to issue shares.These authorities were not exercised during 2023 and the directors have no present intention to exercise either of the authorities sought under these resolutions  although they consider it appropriate to seek the ﬂexibility that the authority provides and therefore believe it to be in the best interests of the Company. If given  the authorities under Resolutions 19 and 20 shall last until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2025 or until the close of business on 9 August 2025  whichever is the sooner  unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting.Resolution 21: Purchase of own sharesResolution 21 seeks authority for the Company to make market purchases of its own Ordinary Shares  which would otherwise be prohibited by the Companies Act 2006. The directors believe that the Board should be afforded the ﬂexibility to be able to buy back the Company's shares when it is in the best interests of shareholders to do so and will result in an increase in earnings per share; therefore Resolution 21 seeks this authority.The maximum number of shares that can be acquired under this authority is an aggregate nominal amount of £2 309 or 115 450 000 Ordinary Shares of 0.002 pence each (approximately 14.99 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital (excluding treasury shares) of the Company) and the Resolution speciﬁes the minimum and maximum prices at which they may be bought. Any shares purchased under the authority granted by the Resolution will either be cancelled or may be held as treasury shares.The minimum price  exclusive of expenses  which may be paid for an Ordinary Share is an amount equal to the nominal value of an Ordinary Share. The maximum price  exclusive of expenses  which may be paid for an Ordinary Share is the higher of: (i) an amount equal to 5 per cent above the average of the closing middle-market quotations of an Ordinary Share for the ﬁve business days immediately preceding the date of the purchase; and (ii) the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent purchase bid on the trading venues where the purchase is carried out.It is the Board's intention that any shares repurchased under this authority would be cancelled  however  there may be times in the future when the Board considers it appropriate to hold any repurchased shares in treasury  provided that the number does not at any time exceed 10 per cent of the Company's issued ordinary share capital. This would give the Company the ability to re-issue treasury shares quickly and cost-effectively and would provide the Company with additional ﬂexibility in the management of its capital base.As at 22 March 2024 the satisfaction of all options outstanding under the Company's employee share plans  where new issue shares are used  would require the issue of 3 052 390 Ordinary Shares representing approximately 0.4 per cent of the current issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares). The Company has no warrants in issue in relation to its shares.The authority will expire at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2025 or at the close of business on 9 August 2025  whichever is the sooner  unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting.Resolution 22: Notice period for general meetings other than the Annual General MeetingUnder the Companies (Shareholders' Rights) Regulations 2009  the notice period for general meetings has to be not less than 21 clear days unless shareholders approve a shorter period  which cannot be less than 14 clear days. Resolution 22 therefore seeks to renew the authority granted at the last Annual General Meeting allowing the Company to call general meetings (other than an Annual General Meeting) on 14 clear days' notice provided that a means of electronic voting is made available to all shareholders for that meeting. The shorter notice period would not be used as a matter of routine for such meetings  but only where the ﬂexibility is merited by the business of the meeting and is thought to be to the advantage of shareholders as a whole. Annual General Meetings of the Company will continue to be held on at least 21 clear days' notice. The approval will be effective until the conclusion of the Company's Annual General Meeting to be held in 2025  when it is intended that a similar resolution will be proposed.RecommendationThe Board considers that the resolutions are fair and reasonable and in the best interests of shareholders as a whole. Accordingly  the Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote in favour of all resolutions to be proposed at the Meeting as they intend to do in respect of their own beneﬁcial holdings of Ordinary Shares.Yours sincerely R. Blair Thomas ChairDirectors seeking re-electionR. Blair Thomas Chair Appointed 31 March 2021 Skills and experience Blair was appointed as Non-Executive Chair of the company pursuant to the relationship agreement with EIG (described on page 105 of the Annual Report). Blair has more than 30 years' experience in the investment management business  with a focus on energy and energy-related infrastructure. Blair's industry experience and knowledge of Harbour is invaluable and his leadership of the Board is of signiﬁcant beneﬁt to the company and shareholders as a whole. External appointments with public companies None Committee membership - Nomination (Chair)Alexander Krane Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Appointed 15 April 2021 Skills and experience Having spent a large portion of his career as CFO of Aker BP  including during the merger of Det Norske Oljeselskap and BP Norge  Alexander has experience leading a large ﬁnance function through integration processes. His listed company experience and understanding of debt and equity capital markets are invaluable in ensuring that the company has the balance sheet strength to be able to deliver its growth and investment plans through the commodity price cycle. External appointments with public companies None Committee membership N/ALinda Z. Cook Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Appointed 31 March 2021 Skills and experience Linda has signiﬁcant experience in building and managing large-scale  global energy businesses at both Royal Dutch Shell where she worked for almost 30 years and subsequently in private equity at EIG. She has a track record of successful strategic execution and growth  including through M&A  major project delivery and raising capital. Linda's experience in international oil and gas and in disciplined capital allocation within the sector is of great value to Harbour as the company works to implement its strategy. External appointments with public companies - BNY Mellon: Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee Committee membership N/ASimon Henry Senior Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed 31 March 2021 Skills and experience Simon's position as Senior Independent Director ensures that the highest standards of corporate governance are maintained. He plays a pivotal role in managing the relationship with the company's major shareholder  EIG  and ensuring the company is able to operate independently and in accordance with its obligations as a listed company. In addition  Simon brings signiﬁcant experience in both the oil and gas sector  including a focus on health  safety and sustainability  and public markets having spent his entire career working with large-scale companies  including as CFO for Royal Dutch Shell plc. External appointments with public companies - Rio Tinto plc: Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee Committee membership - Audit and Risk - HSESDirectors seeking re-election continuedBelgacem Chariag Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed 1 May 2023 Skills and experience Belgacem has extensive experience in the energy  materials and chemicals industries  having held a variety of leadership positions within oil ﬁeld services companies  including Baker Hughes and Schlumberger. Most recently Belgacem was Chairman and CEO of Ecovyst Inc  a leading global provider of speciality catalysts  materials  chemicals and services. Belgacem brings extensive global industry expertise to Harbour  including in the area of health and safety  which enhances the Board's ability to support and oversee the delivery of the strategy. External appointments with public companies - Helmerich & Payne  Inc: Non-Executive Director Committee membership - HSES - NominationAlan Ferguson Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed 31 March 2021 Skills and experience Alan is a chartered accountant and brings current and relevant ﬁnancial experience to the Board and Audit and Risk Committee following his executive career in ﬁnance roles including being CFO of three FTSE 100/250 companies. Alan has over a decade of experience leading audit committees of listed companies including the Weir Group  Croda International and Johnson Matthey plc. The Audit and Risk Committee also beneﬁts from Alan's insight from his position as a Board member of the Audit Committee Chairs' Independent Forum  and his expertise in corporate governance  audit and accounting is of great value to the Board and the company. External appointments with public companies - Anglo Gold Ashanti plc: Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk CommitteeCommittee membership - Audit and Risk (Chair) - RemunerationLouise Hough Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed 1 May 2023 Skills and experience Louise has a wealth of experience and deep understanding of both ﬁnancial and energy markets. Following 25 years at UBS  Louise played a lead role in preparing Saudi Aramco for its ﬁrst public bond issuance and IPO as Head of International Investor Relations. At Saudi Aramco Louise was also a member of the Sustainability Steering Committee  working extensively on all aspects of ESG reporting. Louise's experience advising investors  boards and executive management teams on capital markets-related activity  sustainability and governance issues is of great value to the Board and its committees. External appointments with public companies None Board representative to the Global Staff ForumCommittee membership - Audit and Risk - RemunerationMargareth Øvrum Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed 1 April 2021 Skills and experience Margareth has extensive experience of international oil and gas operations  having worked for almost 40 years at Equinor and its predecessor companies. At Equinor  Margareth spent almost 17 years on the executive committee with global responsibility for HSES  project development  drilling  procurement  technology and new energy. Margareth's extensive leadership experience of major projects  health and safety  sustainability and the role of digital technology in engineering are valuable to the Board. As Chair of the HSES Committee  Margareth has a passion for safety and the environment which is essential to her role. External appointments with public companies - FMC Corporation: Non-Executive Director- Technip FMC plc: Non-Executive Director- Transocean Ltd: Non-Executive Director Committee membership - HSES (Chair) - Audit and RiskAndy Hopwood Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed 31 March 2021 Skills and experience Andy has over 40 years' experience in the global oil and gas industry gained during his long career with bp. He brings a strong understanding of the technical  operational and commercial issues associated with developing and managing large-scale  complex energy assets around the world  from exploration through to decommissioning  including in the areas of safety and the environment. Andy's technical  operational and leadership expertise in the oil and gas sector are invaluable to the Board and its committees in overseeing the existing portfolio and assessing opportunities for investment. External appointments with public companies None Board representative to the Global Staff ForumCommittee membership - Nomination - RemunerationAnne L. Stevens Independent Non-Executive Director Appointed 31 March 2021 Skills and experience Anne brings a wealth of experience built up over a long career in engineering and executive roles in large global companies. In recent years  she has served on remuneration committees  including as Chair  in a number of large organisations  including Anglo American plc  expertise that she brings to her role as Remuneration Committee Chair. Anne also has signiﬁcant experience engaging with investors to deliver remuneration outcomes that are of beneﬁt to all stakeholders. External appointments with public companies - Aston Martin Lagonda Global Holdings plc: Non-Executive Director  and Chair of the Remuneration Committee and the Sustainability CommitteeCommittee membership - Remuneration (Chair) - NominationNotice of Annual General MeetingNotice is hereby given that the 2024 Annual General Meeting ofHarbour Energy plc (the Company) will be held at No.11 Cavendish Square  London W1G 0AN at 10:00am on Thursday 9 May 2024  to consider the resolutions set out below.Ordinary resolutions1. THAT the Company's Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2023  together with the reports of the directors and the auditor  be received.2. THAT the Annual Report on Remuneration set out on pages 82 to 85 and 94 to 103 (inclusive) of the Annual Report be approved.3. THAT the Directors' Remuneration Policy  as set out in pages 85 to 93 of the Directors' Remuneration Report in the Annual Report  be approved.4. THAT a ﬁnal dividend of 13 cents per Ordinary Share be declared in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 payable on 22 May 2024  in pound sterling  to all shareholders on the register of members on 12 April 2024.5. THAT R. Blair Thomas be re-elected as a director of the Company.6. THAT Linda Z. Cook be re-elected as a director of the Company.7. THAT Alexander Krane be re-elected as a director of the Company.8. THAT Simon Henry be re-elected as a director of the Company.9. THAT Belgacem Chariag be re-elected as a director of the Company.10. THAT Louise Hough be re-elected as a director of the Company.11. THAT Alan Ferguson be re-elected as a director of the Company.12. THAT Andy Hopwood be re-elected as a director of the Company.13. THAT Margareth Øvrum be re-elected as a director of the Company.14. THAT Anne L. Stevens be re-elected as a director of the Company.15. THAT Ernst & Young LLP be re-appointed as auditor of the Company until the conclusion of the next general meeting before which accounts are laid.16. THAT the Audit and Risk Committee be authorised to determine the remuneration of the auditor on behalf of the Board.17. THAT the Company  and those companies which are subsidiaries of the Company at any time during the period for which this Resolution has effect  be authorised in accordance with Sections 366 and 367 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to: a) make political donations to political parties and/or independent election candidates  not exceeding £50 000 in total; b) make political donations to political organisations other than political parties  not exceeding £50 000 in total; and c) incur political expenditure  not exceeding £50 000 in total  (as such terms are deﬁned in Sections 363 to 365 of the Act) during the period beginning with the date of the passing of this Resolution and ending at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2025 unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting  provided that the maximum amounts referred to in a)  b) and c) may comprise sums in different currencies which shall be converted at such rate as the Board may in its absolute discretion determine to be appropriate and that  in any event  the aggregate amount made or incurred under this authority shall not exceed £50 000.18. THAT  in substitution for all existing authorities  the directors be and are hereby generally and unconditionally authorised to exercise all the powers of the Company pursuant to  and in accordance with  Section 551 of the Act  to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company:a) up to a nominal amount of £5 135 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount allotted or granted under part b) below in excess of such sum); andb) comprising equity securities (as deﬁned in Section 560(1) of the Act) up to a nominal amount of £10 271 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount allotted or granted under part a) above) in connection with a pre-emptive offer: (i) to holders of Ordinary Shares in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and (ii) to holders of other equity securities as required by the rights of those securities or  if the directors otherwise consider it necessary  as permitted by the rights of those securities  and so that the directors may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which they consider necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or any other matter  provided that these authorities shall expire at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2025 or at the close of business on 9 August 2025  whichever is the sooner  unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting  save that the Company may before such expiry make offers and enter into agreements which would  or might  require shares to be allotted or rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares to be granted after such expiry and the directors may allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares in pursuance of such an offer or agreement as if the authorities conferred hereby had not expired.Special resolutions19. THAT  in substitution for all existing authorities and if Resolution 18 is passed  the directors be and are hereby generally authorised pursuant to Section 570 and Section 573 of the Act  to allot equity securities (within the meaning of Section 560(1) of the Act) for cash under the authority conferred by Resolution 18 and/or sell Ordinary Shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if Section 561 of the Act did not apply to any such allotment or sale provided that such authority shall be limited:a) to the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares for cash in connection with an offer of  or invitation to apply for  equity securities (but in the case of an authority granted under part b) of Resolution 18  by way of a pre-emptive offer only):(i) to Ordinary shareholders (excluding any shareholder holding shares as treasury shares) in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and(ii) to holders of other equity securities  as required by the rights of those securities  or as the directors otherwise consider necessary and so that the directors may impose any limits or restrictions and make any such arrangements which they consider necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or any other matter;b) in the case of the authority granted under part a) of Resolution 18 and/or in the case of any sale of treasury shares for cash  to the allotment of equity securities and/or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under part a) above) up to a nominal amount of £1 540; andc) in the case of the authority granted under part a) of Resolution 18 and/or in the case of any sale of treasury shares for cash  to the allotment (otherwise than pursuant to parts a) or b) above) of equity securities and/or sale of treasury shares up to a nominal amount equal to 20 per cent of any allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares from time to time under part b) above  such authority to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer which the directors determine to be of a kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice such authority shall apply until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2025 or at the close of business on 9 August 2025  whichever is the sooner  unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting save that  in each case  the Company may during this period make offers and enter into agreements which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and/or treasury shares to be sold) after the authority ends and the directors may allot equity securities (and/or sell treasury shares) in pursuance of such an offer or agreement as if the authority conferred hereby had not expired.20. THAT  in addition to any authority granted under Resolution 19 and ifResolution 18 is passed  the directors be and are hereby generally authorised pursuant to Section 570 and Section 573 of the Act  to allot equity securities (within the meaning of Section 560(1) of the Act) for cash under the authority conferred by part a) of Resolution 18 and/or sell Ordinary Shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if Section 561 of the Act did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such authority shall be limited:a) to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares up to a nominal amount of £1 540  such authority to be used only for the purposes of ﬁnancing a transaction (or reﬁnancing  if the authority is to be used within 12 months after the original transaction) which the directors determine to be an acquisition or a speciﬁed capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice; andb) to the allotment of equity securities and/or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under part a) above) up to a nominal amount equal to 20 per cent of any allotment of equity securities and/or sale of treasury shares from time to time under part a) above  such authority to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer which the directors determine to be of a kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice such authority shall apply until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2025 or at the close of business on 9 August 2025 whichever is the sooner  unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting  save that  in each case  the Company may during this period make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and/or treasury shares to be sold) after the authority ends and the directors may allot equity securities (and/or sell treasury shares) in pursuance of such an offer or agreement as if the authority conferred hereby had not expired.21. THAT the Company be authorised  generally and unconditionally  in accordance with Section 701 of the Act to make market purchases (as deﬁned in Section 693(4) of the Act) of its Ordinary Shares  such power to be limited:a) to a maximum number of Ordinary Shares with an aggregate nominal value of up to £2 309  representing approximately 14.99 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital as of the Latest Practicable Date;b) by the condition that the Company does not pay less (exclusive of expenses) for each Ordinary Share than the nominal value of such share and the maximum price which may be paid for an Ordinary Share (exclusive of expenses) is the higher of: (i) 5 per cent over the average of the closing middle-market quotations of an Ordinary Share for the ﬁve business days immediately preceding the date on which the Company agrees to buy the shares concerned  based on share prices published in the Daily Ofﬁcial List of the London Stock Exchange; and (ii) the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent purchase bid at the time on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out such authority shall expire at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2025  or at the close of business on 9 August 2025 whichever is the sooner  unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting  provided that if the Company has agreed before such expiry to purchase Ordinary Shares where these purchases will or may be executed (either wholly or in part) after the authority terminates the Company may complete such a purchase as if the authority conferred hereby had not expired.22.THAT a general meeting of the Company (not being an Annual General Meeting) may be called on notice of not less than 14 clear days  provided that this authority shall expire at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2025.By order of the Board:Rachel Rickard Company SecretaryHarbour Energy plc 4th FloorSaltire Court20 Castle Terrace EdinburghEH1 2EN28 March 2024Notes to the Notice of MeetingAttending the Annual General MeetingTo be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting (and for the purpose of the determination by the Company of the votes they may cast)  shareholders must be registered in the Register of Members of the Company at close of business on 7 May 2024 (or  in the event of any adjournment  close of business on the date which is two days (excluding any part of a day that is not a working day) before the time of the adjourned Meeting). Changes to the Register of Members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the Meeting.For those attending the Meeting in person  registration will open at 09:30am. The safety of the Company's shareholders is a priority. The Company will not permit behaviour that may interfere with anyone's security or safety or the good order of the Meeting. Anyone who does not comply may be removed from the Meeting. There will be a security check in the reception area at the venue  and a routine bag search will be undertaken. The use of electrical equipment and cameras will not be permitted during the Meeting.Shareholder participationIn accordance with the Companies Act 2006 (the Act)  any member attending the Meeting has the right to ask questions. There will be a Question-and-Answer session during the Meeting where all directors  including the Committee Chairs  will be available to take questions relevant to the business of the Meeting. You are also able to submit questions ahead of the Meeting by email toinvestor.relations@harbourenergy.com by 5:00pm on Friday 19 April 2024. You will need to include your Shareholder Reference Number along with your questions. Your Shareholder Reference Number can be found on any written communications received from the registrar  Equiniti. Answers to relevant questions raised in relation to the Meeting will be published in the Annual General Meeting section of the Company's website at harbourenergy.com/investors/ shareholder-information by 12:00pm on Friday 26 April 2024.The Company must cause to be answered any such question relating to the business being dealt with at the Meeting  but no such answer need be given if (a) to do so would involve the disclosure of conﬁdential information  (b) the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question  or (c) it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the Meeting that the question be answered.Appointment of proxiesYour Board strongly encourages you to vote electronically or to appoint the Chair of the Meeting as your proxy. You can cast your vote online at sharevote.co.uk or by post using a proxy card if you have been sent one. Further details regarding proxy voting can be found below.Members are entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a member of the Company) to exercise all or any of their rights to attend  speak and vote at the Meeting. The Company's Articles of Association provide that:•if a member appoints more than one proxy and the proxy forms appointing those proxies would give those proxies the apparent right to exercise votes on behalf of the member in a general meeting over more shares than are held by the member  then each of those proxy forms will be invalid and none of the proxies so appointed will be entitled to vote at the relevant general meeting; and•if a member submits more than one valid proxy appointment in respect of the same share  the appointment received last (regardless of its date or the date on which it is signed) before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence. If it is not possible to determine the order of receipt  none of the forms will be treated as valid.A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the proportion of votes ""for"" and ""against"" a Resolution. Where a proxy has been appointed by a member  if such member does not give any instructions in relation to that Resolution that member should note that their proxy will have authority to vote on the Resolution as they think ﬁt.Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the form of proxy is signed (or a duly certiﬁed copy of such power or authority) must be included with the proxy form. In the case of a member which is a company  the form of proxy should either be sealed by that company or signed by someone authorised to sign it.A form of proxy which may be used to make such appointment and give proxy instructions accompanies this Notice. If you do not have a form of proxy and believe that you should have one  or if you require additional forms  please contact the Company's registrar  Equiniti  on +44 (0)371 384 2030.Appointing a proxy does not preclude you from attending the Meeting and voting in person on any matters in respect of which the proxy or proxies is or are appointed. In the event that you are able to  and to the extent that you personally vote your shares  your proxy shall not be entitled to vote and any vote cast by your proxy in such circumstances shall be ignored.To be valid  forms of proxy must be lodged by one of the following methods by 10:00am on Tuesday 7 May 2024:•in hard copy form by post to Equiniti at Equiniti Limited  Aspect House Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 6DA;•in the case of CREST members or CREST personal members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service in accordance with the procedures set out below;•in the case of institutional investors  you may utilise the Proxymity platform as set out below; or•by submitting your proxy appointment electronically via the internet at sharevote.co.uk.CREST membersCREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by utilising the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available via euroclear.com/about/en/ business/Keylegaldocuments.html). CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf.In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's speciﬁcations  and must contain the information required for such instruction  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or is an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy  must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by Equiniti (ID: RA19) by 10:00am on Tuesday 7 May 2024.For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Application Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means.CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors  or voting service providers should note that Euroclear UK & International Limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular message. Normal system timings and limitations will  therefore  apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member  or sponsored member  or has appointed a voting service provider  to procure that their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting system providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings.The Company may treat an instruction as invalid in the circumstances set out in regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertiﬁcated Securities Regulations 2001.10",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Harbour Energy', '2024 Notice', 'March', '05', '54', 'Harbour Energy plc Registered Ofﬁce', 'Saltire Court 20 Castle Terrace', 'Annual General Meeting section', 'No.11 Cavendish Square', 'Regulatory Information Service', 'routine bag search', 'email toinvestor.relations', 'current best practice', 'other professional adviser', 'Shareholder Reference Number', 'Scotland Company No.', 'London W1G 0AN', '2023 Annual Report', 'other agent', 'Dear Shareholder', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'accompanying form', '4th Floor', 'good order', 'reception area', 'electrical equipment', 'Answer session', 'Committee Chairs', 'Friday 19 April', 'written communications', 'Friday 26 April', 'Shareholder questions', 'Thursday 9 May', 'Ordinary Shares', 'security check', 'Meeting arrangements', 'relevant questions', 'harbourenergy.com', 'Ordinary resolutions', 'special resolutions', 'formal Notice', 'voting instructions', '22 resolutions', '8 Notice', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'aspect', 'proposals', 'action', 'advice', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'proxy', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'bank', 'sale', 'transmission', 'Letter', 'CONTENTS', 'explanation', '5 Directors', 'election', '10 Notes', '10:00am', 'March', 'Edinburgh', 'pages', 'Accounts', 'website', 'announcements', 'updates', 'presentations', 'business', 'refreshments', 'Board', 'morning', 'person', 'registration', '09:30am', 'safety', 'shareholders', 'priority', 'behaviour', 'Anyone', 'venue', 'use', 'cameras', 'registrar', 'Equiniti', 'Answers', '12:00pm', 'shareholder-information', 'VOTE', 'individual', 'advance', 'accordance', 'matters', 'respect', 'proxies', 'event', 'extent', 'circumstances', 'poll', 'results', 'conclusion', 'elements', 'year', 'half', 'favour', '5:00']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38388,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BH-MACRO-LIMITED-55992940/news/BH-Macro-Limited-Annual-Report-and-Audited-Financial-Statements-2023-46306548/,BH Macro Limited - Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2023,(marketscreener.com) BH Macro LimitedAnnual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2023 LEI: 549300ZOFF0Z2CM87C29 The Company has today  in accordance with DTR 6.3.5  released its Annual Report and Audited financial statements for the year ended 31 Decembe…,"BH Macro LimitedAnnual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2023LEI: 549300ZOFF0Z2CM87C29(Classified Regulated Information  under DTR 6 Annex 1 section 1.1)The Company has today  in accordance with DTR 6.3.5  released its Annual Report and Audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Report will shortly be available from the Company’s website: www.bhmacro.com.Chair’s StatementIn the interim report  I stated that 2023 had been a rollercoaster year to date for BH Macro Limited (the “Company”) afterthesuccessfulequityraisingatthebeginningoftheyear.Duringthefirstsixmonthsoftheyear weexperienced the greatest reversal in interest rate expectations for 40 years  which had a detrimental impact on the NAV per share performanceforBrevanHowardMasterFundLimited(the“MasterFund”).Theperiodalsosawtheannouncementof themergeroftwoofourlargestshareholders namely InvestecandRathbonescreatingacombinedentitywhich held votingrightsof26.08%oftheSterlingClasssharesand0.92%oftheUSDollarClassshares  as at14 February 2024. ThefearofasignificantoverhangofstockasaresultofthemergercontributedtothepriceoftheCompany’s shares movingto a significant discount during the year  having started the year at a large premium.Thesecondhalfoftheyearsawasignificantreversalinthefirsthalfyear’sdisappointingNAVpershareperformance  which at June had fallen by slightly more than 6%. Notwithstanding the positive second half of the year in NAV per shareperformance thediscountontheCompany’ssharespersistedthroughouttheremainderofthefinancialyear.No doubtsomeofthisresultedfromfearsbysomeinvestorsofselling resultingfromthemergerreferredtoabove butitis worthrememberingthewordsofPresidentRooseveltthatwe‘havenothingtofear butfearitself’.As yourBoard we retainabsoluteconfidenceinBrevanHowardCapitalManagementLP(the“Manager”)astheCompany’smanager and wehavetheexpectationthatitwillcontinuetodeliverthegoodreturnsitdemonstratedformorethan20years.Inthese circumstances and given the clearance that the Takeover Panel has given that the combined Investec and Rathbones entityisnotunderanyobligationtomakesalesofthestock theCompanyisanticipatingitwillbeabletostand or fall on its NAV per share performance and the relative attractiveness of other investments. The increase in interest rates and the competing attractiveness not just of cash  but other investment vehicles means that it is a challenging environmentformacrofunds.However thisdifficultandvolatileenvironmentisoneinwhichhistoricallytheMaster Fund has flourished.Whilst the overall return for the NAV per share during the financial year was slightly negative  being -1.81% for the Sterling Class shares and -1.33% for the US Dollar Class shares  the share price return for the financial year was significantly different  being -18.26% for the Sterling Class shares and -16.59% for the US Dollar Class shares. This share price performance is obviously disappointing. Your Board consequently initiated a share buyback programme duringDecember2023andthediscountnarrowedfrom13.12%(asat30November2023)to10.71%(asat31December 2023)fortheSterlingClassshares andsimilarlyfrom11.90%(asat30November2023)to11.71%(asat31December 2023)fortheUSDollarClassshares.YourBoardhascontinuedtoimplementbuybackssubsequenttotheyearendand hastheabilitytobuyback onanannualbasis 5%oftheCompany’ssharesinissue(disregardingsharesheldintreasury) asat31Decemberintheimmediatelyprecedingyearwithoutpayinganyadditionalfees.TheCompanyisfarfrombeing aloneinstandingatasignificantdiscount. Otherclosed-endedinvestmentcompaniessawtheirdiscountwidenduring the course of the year  and for the reasons set out above the Company was no exception.Againstthisbackground yourBoardhascontinueditsregulardialoguewiththeManagerinordertoassureitselfofthe qualityoftheinvestmentteamandsupportingsystems operationsandinfrastructureacrosstheorganisation.Duringthe course of 2023  the Manager’s business continued to flourish with assets under management growing from approximatelyUS$30.0billiontoapproximatelyUS$36.6billionandtheteambeingstrengthenedbothattheportfolio manager level and in terms of support staff.YourBoardhasremainedreassuredthatthesecontinuingdevelopmentsintheManager’soperationsaresupportiveof the Manager’s core activities and are positive for the services which the Manager provides to the Company.The Company and its Manager have continued to pursue an active program of public communication and investor relations.Up-to-dateperformanceinformationisprovidedthroughNAVpersharedatapublishedmonthlyonadefinitive basis and weekly on an estimated basis  as well as through monthly reports and shareholder reports. All these reports and further information about the Company are available on the Company's website (www.bhmacro.com).YourBoardiswhollyindependentoftheBrevanHowardgroupofcompanies.TheDirectorsareverycloselyfocused on safeguarding the interests of shareholders and believe that the Company observes high standards of corporate governance.Duringthecourseoftheyear ClaireWhittetretiredfromtheBoardandasSeniorIndependentDirectoron 13September2023 aftercompleting9yearsofserviceand onyourbehalf wethankherforherwisecounsel dedicated contributionandeffectiveengagementwithherfellowBoardmembers.TheBoardcontinuestooperatewellwithahigh levelofengagementandacloseworkingrelationshipbetweenthediversemembersoftheBoard.Wearepleasedtosay that we are in compliance with all current regulations and recommendations relating to Board composition.Thegeopoliticalandeconomicenvironmentremainshighlyuncertain.TheconflictinUkrainecontinuesunabated and itisunlikely thatany solutionwillbeseen inthenear term.In theMiddleEast  thehorrificattack byHamasonIsrael and the Israeli response has created even more uncertainty and risk. This has been exacerbated by the Houthi attacks onshippinginthe Gulf.Forthefirsttimeinhistoryanavalblockadecanbeenforcedusingrelativelyeasilyavailable drone technology rather than sophisticated and highly expensive naval or air force equipment. It remains unknown what the impact longer term might be on shipping costs and trading routes. At the same time  we are seeing civil disobediencein Europe inrelation to thereduction infarmsubsidies particularlyintheformof dieselfuel tofarmers inGermanyandFrance.Theshiftofreturnfromcapitaltolabourlookssettocontinue increasingcostsforcompanies and potentially putting upward pressure on inflation.On the political front  Donald Trump appears to be the leader for the Republican nomination for US President and thereforewhatseemed to be the highly unlikely eventofarerunof a Biden-Trump election campaignnowappears to be a near certainty for the US. This has also increased the uncertainty for the global economy and political stability worldwide.Meanwhile closertohomeinEuropeboththeeconomicandpoliticaloutlookarecauseforconcern.Inthe UK  the governing Conservative party remains deeply divided and embroiled in internal conflicts despite the forthcoming General Election.In these circumstances  your Board believes that the Company represents an attractive diversifying investment uncorrelated to both bond and equity markets.YourBoardwillcontinuetoworkhardinconjunctionwiththeManagertodeliverthebestoutcomeforallshareholders.Richard HorlickChair27 March 2024The Directors of the Company during the year and as at the date of signing  all of whomare non-executive  are listed below:Richard Horlick (Chair)RichardHorlickisUKresident.Heiscurrentlythenon-executivechairmanofCCLAInvestmentManagementwhich manages assets for over 38 000 charities and church and local authority funds. He has served on a number of closed- endedfundboards.HehashadalonganddistinguishedcareerininvestmentmanagementgraduatingfromCambridgeUniversityin1980withanMAinModernHistory.After3yearsinthecorporatefinancedepartmentofSamuelMontagu he joined Newton Investment Management in January 1984  where he became a Director and portfolio manager. In 1994  he joined Fidelity International as President of their institutional business outside the US and in 2001 became President and CEO of Fidelity Management Trust Company in Boston which was the Trust Bank for the US Fidelity Mutualfundrangeandresponsiblefortheirdefinedbenefitpensionbusiness.In2003 hejoinedSchrodersPlcasamain board Director and head of investment worldwide. Mr. Horlick was appointed to the Board in May 2019 and was appointed Chair in February 2021.Caroline ChanCaroline Chan is a Guernsey resident and has over 30 years’ experience as a corporate lawyer  having retired from privatepracticein2020.AfterstudyinglawatOxfordUniversity CarolinequalifiedasanEnglishsolicitorwithAllen & Overy  working in their corporate teams in London and Hong Kong. On returning to Guernsey in 1998  Caroline qualifiedasaGuernseyadvocateandpractisedlocally includingasapartnerwithlawfirmsOgierandMourantOzannes. Sinceretiringfromprivatepractice Carolinehastakenonnon-executivedirectorshiprolesandisChairoftheBoardof GovernorsofTheLadies’College Guernsey.ShewasamemberoftheGuernseyCompetitionandRegulatoryAuthority until March 2023. Ms. Chan was appointed to the Board in December 2022.Julia ChapmanJulia Chapman is a Jersey resident and a solicitor qualified in England & Wales and in Jersey with over 30 years’ experience in the investment fund and capital markets sector. After working at Simmons & Simmons in London  she moved to Jersey and became a partner of Mourant du Feu & Jeune (now Mourant) in 1999. She was then appointed generalcounseltoMourantInternationalFinanceAdministration(thefirm’sfundadministrationdivision). Following itsacquisitionbyStateStreetinApril2010 JuliawasappointedEuropeanSeniorCounselforStateStreet’salternative investment business. In July 2012  Julia left State Street to focus on the independent provision of directorship and governance services to a small number of investment fund vehicles. Mrs. Chapman was appointed to the Board in October 2021.Bronwyn CurtisBronwynCurtisisa UKresidentandSeniorExecutivewith30yearsleadershipinfinance commodities consultingand themedia.HerexecutiverolesincludedHeadofGlobalResearchatHSBCPlc ManagingEditorandHeadofEuropean BroadcastatBloombergLP ChiefEconomistofNomuraInternational andGlobalHeadofForeignExchangeandFixed IncomeStrategyatDeutscheBank.ShehasalsoworkedasaconsultantfortheWorldBankandUNCTAD.Herother current appointments include non-executive member of the Oversight Board of the UK Office for Budget Responsibility trusteeoftheCentreforEconomicandPolicyResearch theAustralia-UKChamberofCommerceand TheTimesshadowMPC. Sheisagraduateof theLondonSchoolofEconomicsandLaTrobeUniversity inAustralia where she received a Doctor of Letters in 2017. Bronwyn was awarded an OBE in 2008 for her services to business economics.Mrs.CurtiswasappointedtotheBoardinJanuary2020andwasappointedSeniorIndependentDirectoron 13 September 2023.John Le PoidevinJohn Le Poidevin is Guernsey resident and has over 30 years’ business experience. Mr. Le Poidevin is a graduate of Exeter University and Harvard Business School  a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and WalesandaformerpartnerofBDOLLPinLondonwhere asHeadofConsumerMarkets hedevelopedanextensive breadthofexperienceandknowledgeoflistedbusinessesintheUKandoverseas.Heisanexperiencednon-executive who sits on several Plc boards and chairs a number of Audit Committees. He therefore brings a wealth of relevant experience in terms of corporate governance  audit  risk management and financial reporting. Mr. Le Poidevin was appointed to the Board in June 2016.DirectorwhoretiredfromtheBoardduringtheyearClaire WhittetClaireWhittetisGuernseyresidentandhasover40years’experienceinthefinancialservicesindustry.Afterobtaining a MA (Hons) in Geography from the University of Edinburgh  Mrs. Whittet joined the Bank of Scotland for 19 years and undertook a wide variety of roles. She moved to Guernsey in 1996 and was Global Head of Private Client Credit for Bank of Bermuda before joining Rothschild & Co Bank International Limited in 2003  initially as Director of Lending and latterly as Managing Director and Co-Head until May 2016 when she became a non-executive Director  until retiring in July 2023. She is an ACIB member of the Chartered Institute of Bankers in Scotland  a Chartered Banker  a member of the Chartered Insurance Institute and holds an IoD Director’s Diploma in Company Direction. Sheisanexperiencednon-executivedirectorofanumberoflistedinvestmentandprivateequityfunds.Untilherrecent retirement  and after serving for 9 years  she chaired a listed fund and is Senior Independent Director on others. Mrs. Whittet was appointed to the Board in June 2014 and retired from the Board on 13 September 2023.DisclosureofDirectorshipsinPublicCompaniesListedonRecognisedStock ExchangesThefollowingsummarisestheDirectors’currentdirectorshipsinotherpublic companies:Exchange RichardHorlick RiverstoneEnergyLimited London VHGlobalSustainableEnergyOpportunitiesPlc London CarolineChan NextEnergySolarFundLimited* London JuliaChapman GCPInfrastructureInvestmentsLimited London HendersonFarEastIncomeLimited London TheInternationalStockExchangeGroupLimited TheInternationalStockExchange BronwynCurtis PershingSquareHoldingsLimited LondonandEuronextAmsterdam ScottishAmericanInvestmentCompanyPlc London TwentyFourIncomeFundLimited London John Le Poidevin InternationalPublicPartnershipsLimited London SuperGroup(SGHC)Limited NewYork TwentyFourIncomeFundLimited London*Effectivefrom1April 2024StrategicReportFortheyearended31December2023TheDirectorssubmit to theShareholders their Strategic Report of the Company for theyear ended31December 2023.TheStrategicReportprovidesareviewofthebusinessforthefinancialyearanddescribeshowrisksaremanaged. In addition  the report outlines key developments and the financial performance of the Company during the financial year and the position at the end of the year  and discusses the main factors that could affect the future performance and financial position of the Company.BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGYInvestmentObjectiveandCompany StructureTheCompanyisorganisedasafeederfundthatinvestssolelyintheordinarySterlingandUSDollar-denominated Class B shares issued by the Master Fund – a Cayman Islands open-ended investment company  which has as its investment objective the generation of consistent long-term appreciation through active leveraged trading and investment on a global basis. Further details on the Company’s investment objective and policy can be found in the Directors’ Report.Sources of Cash and Liquidity RequirementsAs the Master Fund is not expected to pay dividends  the Company expects that the primary source of its future liquidity will depend on the periodic redemption of shares from the Master Fund and borrowings in accordance with its leverage policies.BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTPrincipalRisksand UncertaintiesThe Board is responsible for the Company’s system of internal controls and for reviewing its effectiveness. The Board is satisfied that by using the Company’s risk matrix in establishing the Company’s system of internal controls  while monitoring the Company’s investment objective and policy  the Board has carried out a robust assessmentoftheprincipalandemergingrisksanduncertaintiesfacingtheCompany.Theprincipalandemerging risksanduncertaintieswhichhavebeenidentifiedandthestepswhicharetakenbytheBoardtomitigatethemare as follows:Investment Risks: The Company is exposed to the risk that the Master Fund’s portfolio fails to perform in line with the Company’s objectives if it is inappropriately invested or markets move adversely. The Board reviews reports from the Manager  which has total discretion over portfolio allocation  at each quarterly Board meeting  paying particular attention to this allocation and to the performance and volatility of underlying investments;Operational and Cyber Security Risks: The Company is exposed to the risks arising from any failure of systems and controls in the operations of the Manager  Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Guernsey) Limited (the “Administrator”) and Computershare Investor Services (Guernsey) Limited (the “Registrar”)  or from the unavailability of any of the Manager  the Administrator or the Registrar for whatever reason  including those arising from cyber security issues. The Board receives regular reports from each of those parties on cyber security and annual independent third-party reporting on their respective internal controls;Accounting  Legal and Regulatory Risks: The Company is exposed to risk if it fails to comply with the regulations of the UK Listing Authority or the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and/or any other applicable regulatory and legislative matters  or if it fails to maintain accurate or timely accounting records and published financial information. The Administrator provides the Board with regular internal control and compliance reports and reports on changes in regulations and accounting requirements;Financial Risks: The financial risks faced by the Company include market  credit and liquidity risk. These risks and the controls in place to mitigate them are reviewed at each quarterly Board meeting;Geopolitical Risks: Elevated levels of global inflation  recessionary risks and the current conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East have led to greater economic uncertainty  variability and volatility. Whilst the Master Fund has no material direct exposure to Russia   Ukraine or Belarus   the Board has also made enquiries of key service providers in respect of any impact from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the related instability in world markets and has been assured that none of the service providers have operations in the region or are in any way impacted in terms of their ability to continue to supply their services to the Company; andClimate Change and ESG Risks: The Company has no employees and does not own any physical assets and is therefore not directly exposed to climate change risk. The Manager monitors developments in this area and industry best practice on behalf of the Board  where appropriate  and regularly assesses the trading activity of the underlying Master Fund and sub-funds to ascertain whether environmental  social and governance (“ESG”) factors are appropriate or applicable to such funds. The Board has also made enquiries of key service providers in respect of their assessment of how climate change and ESG risk impacts their own operations and has been assured that this has no impact on their ability to continue to supply their services to the Company.Board DiversityWhenappointingnewdirectorsandreviewingtheBoardcomposition theBoardconsiders amongstotherfactors  diversity  balance of skills  knowledge  gender and experience. At 31 December 2023  the Board believes that it was fully compliant in terms of Listing Rules LR 9.8.6R(9) and LR 14.3.33R(1) in relation to board diversity. There have been no changes to board composition since that date. We have set out additional details in the table below:Name GenderIdentity Ethnicity RichardHorlick Male WhiteBritish CarolineChan Female WhiteAsianBritish JuliaChapman Female WhiteBritish BronwynCurtis Female WhiteEuropean JohnLePoidevin Male WhiteBritishEnvironmental  Social and Governance (ESG) FactorsThe Company does not have employees  it does not own physical assets and its Board is formed exclusively of non-executive Directors. As such  the Company does not undertake any material activity which would directly affect the environment.On a regular basis  the Manager assesses the trading activity of the investment funds it manages  including the Master Fund  to ascertain whether ESG factors are appropriate or applicable to such funds. Most ESG principles have been envisaged in the context of equity or corporate fixed income investment and therefore are not readily applicable to most types of instruments traded by the Master Fund.TheManagercontinuestomonitordevelopmentsinthisareaandseekstoimplementindustrybestpracticewhere applicable. The Manager is a signatory to the UN Principles for Responsible Investment and on a regular basis  assesses the trading activities of the Master Fund as to whether ESG  the UN principles and sustainability risks under the EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations are appropriate  relevant  or applicable to the Master Fund  considering the structure of relevant Brevan Howard managed funds and the applicable trading universe.The Administrator is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Northern Trust Corporation  which has adopted the UNGlobalCompactprinciples specifically:implementingaprecautionaryapproachtoaddressingenvironmental issues through effective programmes  undertaking initiatives that demonstrate the acknowledgement of environmentalresponsibility promotingandusingenvironmentallysustainabletechnologies andUNSustainable DevelopmentGoals specifically:usingonlyenergyefficientappliancesandlightbulbs avoidingunnecessaryuse and waste of water  implementing responsible consumption and production  and taking action to reduce climate change.POSITION AND PERFORMANCEPackagedRetailandInsuranceBasedInvestmentProducts(“PRIIPs”)From1 January 2021  the Company became subjectto theUK version of Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014on key information documents for PRIIPs  which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended and supplemented from time to time  including by the Packaged Retail and Insurance-based InvestmentProducts(Amendment)(EUExit)Regulations2019(the“UKPRIIPsLaws”).Inaccordancewiththe requirementsof the UK PRIIPs Laws  the Manager published the lateststandardised three-pageKey Information Document (a “KID”) for the Company’s Sterling shares and another for its US Dollar shares on 27 April 2023 (based on data as at 31 December 2022). Each KID is available on the Company’s website https://www.bhmacro.com/regulatory-disclosures/ and will be updated at least every 12 months.The Manager is the PRIIPs manufacturer for each KID and the Company is not responsible for the information containedineachKID.Theprocessforcalculatingtherisks costandpotentialreturnsisprescribedbyregulation. ThefiguresintheKID relatingtotherelevantshareclass maynotreflecttheexpectedreturnsforthatshareclass of the Company and anticipated returns cannot be guaranteed.PerformanceKeyPerformanceIndicators(“KPIs”)At each quarterly Board meeting  the Directors consider a number of performance measures to assess the Company’ssuccessinachievingitsobjectives.BelowarethemainKPIswhichhavebeenidentifiedbytheBoard for determining the progress of the Company:NAVTheCompany’sNAV per share hasappreciatedfrom£1.00*perSterlingshareandUS$1.00*perUS Dollarshareatlaunchto£4.11perSterlingshareandUS$4.27perUSDollarshareatthe2023financialyearend. ThisincreaseinNAV per share islargelyattributabletotheCompany’slong-termgrowthstrategyandreturns.TheDirectors and the Manager are confident that the current strategy will continue to return positive levels of growth over the long-term.*The launch price is adjusted bya factor of 10 to reflect the 10for 1sharesub-division  which occurred on 7February 2023.Share Prices  Discount/PremiumThe Company’s shares traded at an average discount of 3.27% and 2.46% to NAV for its Sterling shares and US Dollar shares respectively for the year ended 31 December 2023.Ongoing ChargesTheCompany’songoingchargesratioforthefinancialyearended2023ascomparedtotheongoingchargesratio for the financial year ended 2022 has decreased from 6.11% to 2.16% on the Sterling shares and decreased from 6.16%to2.14%ontheUSDollarshares primarilyduetochangesintheleveloftheManager’sperformancefee as a result of relative performance.TheCompanyreportsanaggregatedviewofthechargesforboththeSterlingsharesandUSDollarshares.Further details are in the Directors’ Report.(Loss)/Gain per ShareTotal (loss)/gain per share is based on the net total loss on ordinary activities after tax of £32 535 028 for the Sterling share class and a net loss of US$1 540 012 for the US Dollar share class (2022: gains of £195 693 403 and US$ 19 301 255 respectively).These calculations are based on the weighted average number of shares in issue for the year ended 31 December 2023 resultingin353 094 861Sterlingsharesand28 097 148USDollarshares(2022:Sterlingshares:28 620 989 andUSDollarshares:2 722 649).The10for1sharesub-divisionapprovedattheEGMheldon6February2023 has been applied throughout the year for the 2023 weighted average share figures  but not for the 2022 weighted average share figures.Yearended31.12.23 Pershare '000 Yearended31.12.22 Pershare '000 Nettotal(loss)/gainforSterling Shares (9.21p) (£32 535) 683.74p £195 693 Nettotal(loss)/gainforUSDollarShares (5.48c) (US$1 540) 708.91c US$19 301NAVThe NAV per Sterling share  as at 31 December 2023 was £4.11 based on net assets of £1 527 458 326  divided by the number of Sterling shares in issue of 372 024 149 (2022: £41.81*).The NAV per US Dollar share  as at 31 December 2023 was US$4.27 based on net assets of US$127 481 611 divided by the number of US Dollar shares in issue of 29 856 472 (2022: US$43.28*).* The NAV per share as of 31 December 2022 is not adjusted by a factor of 10 to reflect the 10 for 1 share sub- division  which occurred on 7 February 2023.DividendsNodividendswerepaidduringtheyear(2022: US$Nil).Viability StatementTheinvestmentobjectiveoftheCompanyistoseektogenerateconsistentlong-termcapitalappreciationthrough an investment policy of investing all of its assets (net of funds required for its short-term working capital) in the Master Fund.The Directors have assessed the viability of the Company over the three-year period to 31 December 2026. The Viability Statement covers a period of three years  which the Directors consider sufficient given the inherent uncertainty of the investment world and the specific risks to which the Company is exposed.ThecontinuationoftheCompanyinitspresentformislargelydependentonthemanagementagreementbetween theCompanyandtheManager(the“ManagementAgreement”)remaininginplace.TheManagementAgreement was asatthe2022financialyearend generallyterminableonthreemonths’noticebyeitherpartysaveforcertain exceptions.This was changed in January 2023 to a twelve month notice period save for certain exceptions. To ensurethattheCompanymaintainsaconstructiveandinformedrelationshipwiththeManager theDirectorsmeet regularlywiththeManagertoreviewtheMasterFund’sperformance andthroughtheManagementEngagement Committee  the Directors review the Company’s relationship with the Manager and the Manager’s performance andeffectiveness.TheDirectorscurrentlyknowofnoreasonwhyeithertheCompanyortheManagermightserve notice of termination of the Management Agreement over the period of this Viability Statement.TheCompany’sassetsexceeditsliabilitiesbyaconsiderablemargin.Furthermore themajorityoftheCompany’s mostsignificantexpenses beingthefeesowingtotheManagerandtotheAdministrator fluctuatebyreferenceto theCompany’sinvestmentperformanceandNAV.TheCompanyisabletomeetitsexpensesbyredeemingshares intheMasterFundasnecessary asandwhenrequiredtoenabletheCompanytomeetitsordinarycourseoperating expenses.The Company’s investment performance depends upon the performance of the Master Fund and the Manager as manager of theMaster Fund.TheDirectors in assessing the viability of the Company payparticular attention to the risks facing the Master Fund. The Manager operates a risk management framework  which is intended to identify  measure  monitor  report and  where appropriate  mitigate key risks identified by it or its affiliates in respect of the Master Fund.The Company’s shareslargely traded atapremiumupuntil themiddleof 2023 sincewhen  in commonwiththe broaderinvestmenttrustsector theshareshavetradedatadiscount.Intheeventofanydownwardpressureonthe Company’sshareprices theCompanyisabletoconsiderresumingactivediscountmanagementactions including share buybacks  so that as far as possible the share prices would more closely reflect the Company’s underlying performance; such actions should help to mitigate the risk of class closure resolutions being triggered after that date. Share buybacks commenced during December 2023 and have continued through into 2024.The Company isabletomeetthecostsofsharebuybacksbyredeemingsharesintheMasterFund.PursuanttotheManagement Agreement therearerestrictionsontheamountofMasterFundshareswhichtheCompanymayredeeminagiven period;andtheCompanymayincurfeestotheManagerincertaincircumstances.TheCompanyisalsosubjectto theShareholders’ authorityfor Sharepurchasesinthemarket approvedattheAGMheldinSeptember2023.The CompanymayredeemuptofivepercentoftheCompany’sholdingofMasterFundsharesonamonthlybasis to funditson-marketsharebuybacks;anditmay nomorethanonceayear onthreemonths’notice redeempartof its interest in the Master Fund representing up to 10 per cent of each class of the Company’s shares held in the MasterFund totheextentrequiredtoenabletheCompanytomakeanannualredemptionoffer(asdefinedinthe Articles). Refer to notes 2 and 8 in the Audited Financial Statements for details of the Company’s discount management mechanisms.TheDirectorshavecarriedoutarobustassessmentoftherisksand ontheassumptionthattherisksaremanaged or mitigated in the ways noted above  the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three-year period of their assessment.Section 172  Companies Act 2006Although the Company is domiciled and resident in Guernsey  the Board has considered the guidance set out in theAssociationofInvestmentCompanies(the“AIC”)CodeinrelationtoSection172oftheCompaniesAct2006 in the UK. Section 172 of the Companies Act requires that the Directors of the Company act in the way they consider  in good faith  is most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of all stakeholders  including suppliers  customers and Shareholders.Key Service ProvidersThe Company does not have any employees and  as such  the Board delegates responsibility for its day-to-day operations to a number of key service providers. The activities of each service provider are closely monitored by the Board and they are required to report to the Board at set intervals.In addition  a formal review of the performance of each service provider is carried out once a year by the Management Engagement Committee.The ManagerTheManager is a leading and well-establishedhedgefundmanager.In exchangefor its services afee is payable as detailed in note 4 to the Audited Financial Statements.The Board considers that  under the Company’s current investment objective  the interests of Shareholders  as a whole  are best served by the ongoing appointment of the Manager.Administrator and Corporate SecretaryNorthern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Guernsey) Limited is the Administrator and the Company’scorporatesecretary(the“CorporateSecretary”).Furtherdetailsonfeestructureareincludedinnote4 to the Audited Financial Statements.SignedonbehalfoftheBoardby:RichardHorlick ChairJohnLePoidevin Director27 March 2024Directors’Report31December2023TheDirectorssubmittheir Reporttogetherwith theCompany’sAuditedStatementofAssetsandLiabilities  Audited Statement of Operations  Audited Statement of Changes in Net Assets  Audited Statement of Cash Flows and the related notes for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Directors’ Report together with the Audited Financial Statements and their related notes (the “Financial Statements”) give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company.They have been prepared in accordance withUnitedStates GenerallyAcceptedAccountingPrinciples (“US GAAP”) and are in agreement with the accounting records.The CompanyBHMacroLimitedisalimitedliabilityclosed-endedinvestmentcompanywhichwasincorporatedinGuernseyon17 January 2007 and then admitted to the Official List of the London Stock Exchange (""LSE"") later that year.TheCompany’sordinarysharesareissuedinSterling andUSDollars.Investment Objective and PolicyTheCompanyisorganisedasafeederfundthatinvestsallofitsassets(netofshort-termworkingcapitalrequirements) directly in the Master Fund  a hedge fund in the form of a Cayman Islands open-ended investment company  which has as its investment objective the generation of consistent long-term appreciation through active leveraged trading and investment on a global basis. The Master Fund is managed by Brevan Howard Capital Management LP  the Company’s Manager.The Master Fund has flexibility to invest in a wide range of instruments including  but not limited to  debt securities and obligations (which may be below investment grade)  bank loans  listed and unlisted equities  other collective investment schemes  currencies  commodities  digital assets  futures  options  warrants  swaps and other derivative instruments. The underlying philosophy is to construct strategies  often contingent in nature  with superior risk/return profiles  whose outcome will often be crystallised by an expected event occurring within a pre-determined period of time.The Master Fund employs a combination of investment strategies that focus primarily on economic change and monetary policy and market inefficiencies.The Company may employ leverage for the purposes of financing share purchases or buy-backs  satisfying working capitalrequirementsorfinancing furtherinvestmentintotheMasterFund subjecttoanaggregateborrowing limitof 20% of the Company’s NAV  calculated as at the time of borrowing. Borrowing by the Company is in addition to leverage at the Master Fund level  which has no limit on its own leverage.Results and DividendsTheresultsfortheyeararesetoutintheAuditedStatementofOperations.TheDirectorsdonotrecommend the payment of a dividend.Share CapitalOn 23 January 2023  the Board announced the commencement of its initial issue (the“Initial Issue”)  comprising of the initial placing (the “Placing”)  intermediaries offer (the “Intermediaries Offer”) and offer for subscription (the “OfferforSubscription”)  together withanissuanceprogrammefor subsequent issues whichremainedopenuntil23 January 2024 (the “Issuance Programme”)  in respect of the issue of up to an aggregate of 220 million shares (based ona10:1sharesub-division);theissueofcircularforanEGM whichwasheldon6February2023 inrelationtothe InitialIssue IssuanceProgrammeandsharesub-division;anddetailsofamendmentstotheManagementAgreement  including terms of the Company's investment in the Master Fund  in order to reflect the increased investment of the CompanyintheMasterFundasaresultoftheInitialIssueandtheIssuanceProgramme.Furtherdetailsaredisclosed in notes 2 and 5 to the Audited Financial Statements.On 6 February 2023  following the EGM  the Company announced that (i) the Board was empowered to allot and issue  in aggregate up to220million new sharesofnoparvalue in the Companydesignated as Sterling sharesor US Dollar shares  as if the pre-emption provisions of the Company’s articles of incorporation (“Articles”) did not apply; and (ii) each existing share would be sub-divided into 10 shares of the same currency class and with the same rights andsubjecttothesamerestrictionsasthethenexistingsharesofthesamecurrencyclass inthecapitaloftheCompany  with the sub-divided shares to be admitted to listing the following day. These resolutions superseded the relevant resolutions adopted at the 2022 Annual General Meeting.On 13 February 2023  the completion of the Initial Issue was announced. A total of 72 378 000 Sterling shares and 746 400 US Dollar shares were issued in the Initial Issue at a price per share equal  respectively  to 431.5 pence per Sterling share and US$4.47 per US Dollar share  raising gross proceeds of approximately £312.3m for the Sterling share class and US$3.3m for the US Dollar share class.AttheAnnualGeneralMeetingheldon13September2023  Shareholders approved anOrdinary Resolution to allow theDirectorstohavethepowertoissuefurthershares totalling124 568 816Sterlingshares and9 862 449USDollar shares  respectively. Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting also approved a Special Resolution that authorised the maximum number of shares that may be purchased on-market by the Company until the next Annual General Meeting  being 56 024 199 Sterling shares and 4 435 587 US Dollar shares.In December 2023  the Company bought back 1 504 277 Sterling shares on the London Stock Exchange with prices ranging from £3.48 to £3.67 per share. The Company did not buy-back any US Dollar class shares. The purchased shares were then held in Treasury.Thenumberofsharesinissueattheyearendisdisclosedinnote5of theAuditedFinancialStatements.Going ConcernThe Directors  having considered the Principal and Emerging Risks and Uncertainties to which the Company is exposed and on the assumption that these are managed or mitigated as noted  are notawareofanymaterialuncertaintieswhich maycastsignificantdoubtupontheCompany’sabilitytocontinueasa goingconcernand accordingly considerthatitisappropriatethattheCompanycontinuestoadoptthegoingconcern basis of accounting for these Audited Financial Statements.The Board continues to monitor the ongoing impact of various geopolitical events  including elevated levels of global inflation  recessionary risks and the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. The Board has concluded that the biggest threat to the Company remains the failure of a key service provider to maintain business continuity and resiliency. The Board has assessed the measures in place by key service providers to maintain business continuity and  so far  has not identified any significant issues that affect the Company. The financial position of the Company has not been negatively impacted by these geopolitical events either. For these reasons  the Board is confident that these events have not impacted the going concern assessment of the Company.The BoardTheBoardofDirectorshasoverallresponsibilityforsafeguardingtheCompany’sassets forthedeterminationofthe investment policy of the Company  for reviewing the performance of the service providers and for the Company’s activities. The Directors  all of whom are non-executive  are listed in the Board Members section.The Articles provide that  unless otherwise determined by ordinary resolution  the number of Directors shall not be less than two.The Board meets at least four times a year and between these formal meetings  there is regular contact with the Manager  the Corporate Broker and the Administrator. The Directors are kept fully informed of investment and financial controls  and other matters that are relevant to the business of the Company are brought to the attention of the Directors. The Directors also have access to the Administrator and  where necessary in the furtherance of their duties  to independent professional advice at the expense of the Company.For each Director  the tables below set out the number of Board meetings and Audit Committee meetings they were entitledtoattendduringtheyearended31December2023andthenumberofsuchmeetingsattendedbyeachDirector.ScheduledBoardMeetings Held Attended RichardHorlick 4 4 Caroline Chan 4 4 JuliaChapman 4 4 BronwynCurtis 4 4 JohnLePoidevin 4 4 ClaireWhittet* 3 3 AuditCommitteeMeetings Held Attended JohnLePoidevin 4 4 Caroline Chan 4 4 JuliaChapman 4 4 BronwynCurtis 4 4 ClaireWhittet* 3 3 RemunerationandNominationCommitteeMeetings Held Attended Caroline Chan 1 1 JuliaChapman 1 1 BronwynCurtis 1 1 RichardHorlick 1 1 JohnLePoidevin 1 1 ClaireWhittet* N/A N/A ManagementEngagementCommitteeMeetings Held Attended JuliaChapman 1 1 Caroline Chan 1 1 BronwynCurtis 1 1 RichardHorlick 1 1 JohnLePoidevin 1 1 ClaireWhittet* N/A N/A*ClaireWhittetretiredfromtheBoardon 13September2023.Inadditiontothesescheduledmeetings 16ad-hoccommitteemeetingswereheldduringtheyearended31December 2023  which were attended by those Directors available at the time.TheBoardhasreviewedthecomposition structureanddiversityoftheBoard successionplanning theindependence of the Directors and whether each of the Directors has sufficient time available to discharge their duties effectively. The Board confirms that it believes that it has an appropriate mix of skills and backgrounds  that all of the Directors are considered to be independent in accordance with the provisions of the AIC Code and that all Directors have the time available to discharge their duties effectively.The Chair’s and the Directors’ tenures are limited to nine years  which is consistent with the principles listed in the UK Corporate Governance Code.Notwithstanding that some of the Directors sit on the boards of a number of other listed investment companies  the Boardnotesthateachappointmentisnon-executiveandthatlistedinvestmentcompaniesgenerallyhavealowerlevel ofcomplexityandtimecommitmentthantradingcompanies.Furthermore theBoardnotesthatattendanceofallBoard and Committee meetings during the year is high and that each Director has always shown the time commitment necessary to discharge fully and effectively their duties as a Director.Directors’ InterestsTheDirectorshadthefollowinginterestsintheCompany heldeitherdirectlyor beneficially:SterlingShares 31.12.23 31.12.22 Richard Horlick 200 000 20 000 Caroline Chan 11 587 Nil Julia Chapman 6 260 626 Bronwyn Curtis 33 174 1 000 JohnLePoidevin 75 620 5 482 ClaireWhittet1 N/A 1 500 US DollarShares 31.12.23 31.12.22 Richard Horlick 20 000 Nil Caroline Chan Nil Nil Julia Chapman Nil Nil Bronwyn Curtis Nil Nil JohnLePoidevin Nil Nil ClaireWhittet1 N/A Nil1 AllunitsareheldthroughaRetirementAnnuityTrustScheme jointlyownedbyMrsWhittetandherhusband. Mrs Whittet retired from the Board on 13 September 2023.Duetothe10:1sharesub-division whichwasapprovedattheEGMheldon6February2023(asmentionedin theDirectors’ Report)  the following changes were made to the Directors’ shareholdings in the Company:RichardHorlick 20 000Sterlingsharescancelled 200 000Sterlingsharesissued;Julia Chapman  626 Sterling shares cancelled  6 260 Sterling shares issued;Bronwyn Curtis  1 000 Sterling shares cancelled  10 000 Sterling shares issued;JohnLePoidevin 5 482Sterlingsharescancelled 54 820Sterlingsharesissued;andClaire Whittet  1 500 Sterling shares cancelled  15 000 Sterling shares issued.On13February2023 theBoardparticipatedintheInitialIssueforthefollowingamounts:Richard Horlick  US$89 400 of US Dollar shares (20 000 shares);Caroline Chan  £50 000 of Sterling shares (11 587 shares); BronwynCurtis  £100 000 of Sterling shares (23 174 shares);JohnLePoidevin £90 000ofSterlingshares(20 800shares);andClaire Whittet  £35 000 of Sterling shares (8 111 shares).Directors’ IndemnityDirectors’andOfficers’liabilityinsurancecoverisinplaceinrespectoftheDirectors.The Directors entered into indemnity agreements with the Company which provide  subject to the provisions of the Companies(Guernsey)Law 2008 foranindemnityforDirectorsinrespectofcostswhichtheymayincurrelatingto thedefenceofproceedingsbroughtagainstthemarisingoutoftheirpositionsasDirectors inwhichtheyareacquitted  orjudgementisgivenintheirfavourbytheCourt.Theagreementdoesnotprovideforanyindemnificationforliability which attaches to the Directors in connection with any negligence  unfavourable judgements and breach of duty or trust in relation to the Company.Corporate GovernanceTo comply with the UK Listing Regime  the Company must comply with the requirements of the UK Corporate Governance Code. The Company is also required to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance issued by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission.TheCompanyisamemberoftheAICandbycomplyingwiththeAICCodeitisdeemedtocomplywithboththeUK Corporate Governance Code and the Guernsey Code of Corporate Governance.ToensureongoingcompliancewiththeprinciplesandtherecommendationsoftheAICCode theBoardreceivesand reviews a report from the Corporate Secretary  at each quarterly meeting  identifying whether the Company is in compliance and recommending any changes that are necessary.The Company has compliedwith the requirements of theAIC Code andthe relevant provisionsof the UK Corporate Governance Code  except as set out below.TheUKCorporateGovernanceCodeincludesprovisionsrelatingto:the role of the chief executive;executive directors’ remuneration;the need for an internal audit function; anda whistle-blowing policy.ForthereasonsexplainedintheUKCorporateGovernanceCode theBoardconsiderstheseprovisionsarenotrelevant to the position of the Company as it is an externally managed investment company with a Board formed exclusively of non-executive Directors. The Company has therefore not reported further in respect of these provisions. The Company does not have employees  hence no whistle-blowing policy is necessary. However  the Directors have satisfied themselves that the Company’s service providers have appropriate whistle-blowing policies and procedures and seek regular confirmation from the service providers that nothing has arisen under those policies and procedures which should be brought to the attention of the Board.TheCompanyhasadoptedapolicythatthecompositionoftheBoardofDirectorsisatalltimessuchthat(i)amajority oftheDirectorsareindependentoftheManagerandanycompanyinthesamegroupastheManager(the“Manager’s Group”); (ii) the Chair of the Board of Directors is free from any conflicts of interest and is independent of the Manager’s Group; and (iii) no more than one director  partner  employee or professional adviser to the Manager’s Group may be a Director of the Company at any one time.TheCompanyhasadoptedaCodeofDirectors’dealingsinsecurities.The Company’s risk appetite and risk exposure and the effectiveness of its risk management and internal control systems are reviewed by the Audit Committee and by the Board at their meetings. The Board believes that the Companyhasadequateandeffectivesystemsinplacetoidentify mitigateandmanagetheriskstowhichitisexposed.For new appointments to the Board  a specialist independent recruitment firm is engaged as and when appropriate  nominationsaresoughtfromtheDirectorsandfromotherrelevantpartiesandcandidatesaretheninterviewedby the Directors.ThecurrentBoardhasabreadthofexperiencerelevanttotheCompany andtheDirectorsbelievethatany changes to theBoard’s composition can be managed without undue disruption. An induction programme is provided for newly-appointed Directors.In line with the AIC Code  Article 21.3 of the Company’s Articles requires all Directors to retire at each Annual GeneralMeeting.AttheAnnualGeneralMeetingoftheCompanyon13September2023 Shareholdersre-electedall thethenincumbentDirectorsoftheCompany exceptforClaireWhittet whoretiredfromtheBoardanddidnotseek re-election on the same date.TheBoard throughtheRemunerationandNominationCommittee regularlyreviewsitscompositionandbelievesthat the current appointments provide an appropriate range of skill  experience and diversity.Each of the Board  the Audit Committee  the Management Engagement Committee and the Remuneration and Nomination Committee undertakes an evaluation of their own performance and that of individual Directors on an annual basis. In order to review their effectiveness  the Board and its Committees carry out a process of formal self- appraisal.TheBoard andtheCommitteesconsiderhowtheyfunctionasawholeandreviewtheindividualperformance of their members. This process is conducted by the Chair of each Committee reviewing the relevant Directors’ performance  contribution and commitment to the Company.The Senior Independent Director takes the lead in evaluating the performance of the Chair. Prior to her retirement from the Board on 13 September 2023  Claire Whittet served as Senior Independent Director. Bronwyn Curtis was appointed Senior Independent Director on the same date.Board PerformanceThe performance of the Board and that of each individual Director is scheduled for external evaluation every three years  the most recent of which was completed in 2022.The Board carries out an annual internal evaluation of its performance in years when an external evaluation is not taking place. There were no matters of note in the last annual internal evaluation.The Board needs to ensure that the Audited Financial Statements  taken as a whole  are fair  balanced and understandable and provide the information necessary for Shareholders to assess the Company’s performance  businessmodelandstrategy.Inseekingtoachievethis theDirectorshavesetouttheCompany’sinvestmentobjective andpolicyandhaveexplainedhowtheBoardanditsdelegatedCommitteesoperateandhowtheDirectorsreviewthe riskenvironmentwithinwhichtheCompanyoperatesandsetsappropriateriskcontrols.Furthermore throughoutthe Annual Report  the Board has sought to provide further information to enable Shareholders to better understand the Company’s business and financial performance.Policy to Combat Fraud  Bribery and CorruptionThe Board has adopted a formal policy to combat fraud  bribery and corruption. The policy applies to the Company and to each of its Directors. Furthermore  the policy is shared with each of the Company’s service providers.In respect of the UK Criminal Finances Act 2017  which introduced a new corporate criminal offence of ‘failing to take reasonable steps toprevent thefacilitation of tax evasion’  the Boardconfirmsthatit is committedtopreventing the facilitation of tax evasion and takes all reasonable steps to do so.Social and Environmental IssuesThe Board also keeps under review developments involving other social and environmental issues  such as modern slavery  and will report on those to the extent they are considered relevant to the Company’s operations. Further explanation of these issues is detailed in the Strategic Report under 'Climate Change and ESG Risks'.Ongoing ChargesThe ongoing charges (the “Ongoing Charges”) represent the Company’s management fee and all other operating expenses  excluding finance costs  performance fees  share issue or buyback costs and non-recurring legal and professional fees  expressed as a percentage of the average of the daily net assets during the year.Ongoing Charges for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 have been prepared in accordance with the AIC’s recommended methodology.The following table presents the Ongoing Charges for each share class of the Company for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.31.12.23 Sterling USDollar Shares Shares Company–OngoingCharges 1.59% 1.56% MasterFund–OngoingCharges 0.57% 0.58% Performancefees - - OngoingChargesplusperformance fees 2.16% 2.14% 31.12.22 Sterling USDollar Shares Shares Company–OngoingCharges 1.68% 1.74% MasterFund–OngoingCharges 0.20% 0.22% Performancefees 4.23% 4.20% OngoingChargesplusperformance fees 6.11% 6.16%The Master Fund’s ongoing charges represent the portion of the Master Fund’s operating expenses which have been allocated to the Company. The Company invests substantially all of its investable assets in ordinary Sterling and US Dollar-denominated Class B shares issued by the Master Fund. These shares are not subject to management fees and performance fees within the Master Fund. The Master Fund’s operating expenses include an operational services fee payabletotheManagerof1/12of0.5%permonthoftheprevailingMasterFundNAVattributabletotheCompany’s investment in the Master Fund.Audit CommitteeTheCompany’sAuditCommitteeconductsformalmeetingsatleastthreetimesayearforthepurpose amongstothers  of consideringthe appointment  independence and effectivenessof the auditand remuneration of the auditors  and to reviewandrecommendtheannualstatutoryaccountsandinterimreporttotheBoardofDirectors.ItischairedbyJohn Le Poidevin and comprises Bronwyn Curtis  Julia Chapman and Caroline Chan. Claire Whittet also served on the Audit Committee until her retirement from the Board on 13 September 2023. The Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee are available on the Company’s website ( www.bhmacro.com ) or from the Administrator.Management Engagement CommitteeThe Board has established a Management Engagement Committee with formal duties and responsibilities. The ManagementEngagementCommitteemeetsformallyatleastonceayear ischairedbyJuliaChapmanandcomprises all members of the Board.ThefunctionoftheManagementEngagementCommitteeistoensurethattheCompany’sManagementAgreementis competitive and reasonable for the Shareholders  along with the Company’s agreements with all other third-party service providers (other than KPMG Channel Islands Limited (the “Independent Auditor”)). The Management Engagement Committee alsomonitors the performanceof all service providers on an annualbasis andwrites to each service provider regarding their Business Continuity Plans. To date  all services have proved to be robust and there has been no disruption to the Company. The Terms of Reference of the Management Engagement Committee are available from the Administrator.ThedetailsoftheManager’sfeesandnoticeperiodaresetoutinnote4totheAuditedFinancialStatements.The Board continuously monitors the performance of the Manager and a review of the Manager is conducted by the Management Engagement Committee annually.TheManagerhas wideexperience inmanaging and administering investment companies and hasaccess toextensive investment management resources.At its meeting on 13 September 2023  the Management Engagement Committee concluded that the continued appointmentofeachoftheManager theAdministrator theCompany’sUKandGuernseylegaladvisers theRegistrar and the Corporate Broker on the terms agreed was in the interests of the Company’s Shareholders as a whole. At the date of this report  the Board continues to be of the same opinion.Remuneration and Nomination CommitteeThe Board established a Remuneration and Nomination Committee on 17 June 2022 with formal duties and responsibilities.TheRemunerationandNominationCommitteemeetsformallyatleastonceayear.Itwaschairedby BronwynCurtisuntil13September2023 afterwhich CarolineChanbecameChair andtheCommitteecomprisesall members of the Board.ThefunctionoftheRemunerationandNominationCommitteeisto:regularly review the structure  size and composition of the Board and make recommendations to the Board with regard to any changes that are deemed necessary;identify  from a variety of sources  candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise with a continued focus on Board diversity;assess and articulate the time needed to fulfil the role of the Chair and of a non-executive director  and undertake an annual performance evaluation to ensure that all the members of the Board have devoted sufficient time to their duties  and also to review their contribution to the work of the Board and the breadth of experience of the Board as a whole; andannually review the levels of remuneration of each of the Chair of the Board  the Chair of the Audit Committee  the Chair of each other Board committee and other non-executive directors having regard to the maximum aggregate remuneration that may be paid under the Company’s Articles.Internal ControlsResponsibilityfortheestablishmentandmaintenanceofanappropriatesystemofinternalcontrolrestswiththeBoard and to achieve this  a process has been established which seeks to:review the risks faced by the Company and the controls in place to address those risks;identify and report changes in the risk environment;identify and report changes in the operational controls;identify and report on the effectiveness of controls and errors arising; andensure no override of controls by the Manager  the Administrator and the Company’s other service providers.A report is tabled and discussed at each Audit Committee meeting  and reviewed at least once a year by the Board  setting out the Company’s risk exposure and the effectiveness of its risk management and internal control systems. The Board believes that the Company has adequate and effective systems in place to identify  mitigate and manage the risks to which it is exposed.In order to recognise any new risks that could impact the Company and ensure that appropriate controls are in place to manage those risks  the Audit Committee undertakes a regular review of the Company’s risk matrix. This review took place on two occasions during the year.The Board has delegated the management of the Company and the administration  corporate secretarial and registrar functions includingtheindependentcalculationoftheCompany’sNAVandtheproductionoftheAnnualReportand AuditedFinancialStatements whichareindependentlyaudited.WhilsttheBoarddelegatesthesefunctions itremains responsiblefor the functions it delegates and for the systems of internal control. Formal contractual agreements have been put in place between the Company and the providers of these services. On an ongoing basis  Board reports are provided at each quarterly Board meeting by the Manager  the Corporate Broker  the Administrator and Corporate Secretary and the Registrar. A representative from the Manager is asked to attend these meetings.In common with most investment companies  the Company does not have an internal audit function. All of the Company’s management functions are delegated to the Manager  the Administrator and Corporate Secretary and the Registrar which have their own internal audit and risk assessment functions.Further reports are received from the Administrator in respect of compliance  LSE continuing obligations and other matters. The reports were reviewed by the Board. No material adverse findings were identified in these reports.International Tax ReportingForpurposesoftheUSForeignAccountTaxComplianceAct theCompanyregisteredwiththeUSInternalRevenue Services (“IRS”) as a Guernsey reporting Foreign Financial Institution (“FFI”)  received a Global Intermediary Identification Number (5QHZVI.99999.SL.831)  and can be found on the IRS FFI list.The Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) is a global standard for the automatic exchange of financial account information developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”). The Company made its latest report for CRS to the Director of Income Tax on 30 June 2023.Relations with ShareholdersThe Board welcomes Shareholders’ views and places great importance on communication with the Company’s Shareholders. The Board receives regular reports on the views of Shareholders and the Chair and other Directors are availabletomeetShareholders withanumberofsuchmeetingstakingplaceduringtheyear.TheCompanyprovides weekly unaudited estimates of NAV  month end unaudited estimates and unaudited final NAVs. The Company also provides a monthly newsletter. These are published via RNS and are also available on the Company’s website. Risk reports of the Master Fund are also available on the Company’s website.The Manager maintains regular dialogue with institutional Shareholders  the feedback from which is reported to the Board. Shareholders who wish tocommunicate with the Board should contact the Administrator in thefirst instance.Having reviewed the Financial Conduct Authority’s restrictions on the retail distribution of non-mainstream pooled investments  the Company  after taking legal advice  announced on 15 January 2014 that it is outside the scope of those restrictions  so that its shares can continue to be recommended by UK authorised persons to ordinary retail investors.In accordance with the AIC Code  when 20 per cent or more of Shareholder votes have been cast against a Board recommendationforaresolution theCompanyshouldexplain whenannouncingvotingresults whatactionsitintends to take to consult Shareholders in order to understand the reasons behind the result. An update on theviews received fromShareholdersandactionstakenshouldbepublishednolaterthansixmonthsaftertheShareholdermeeting.The Board should then provide a final summary in the Annual Report and  if applicable  in the explanatory notes to resolutions at the next Shareholders’ meeting  on what impact the feedback has had on the decisions the Board has takenandanyactionsorresolutionsnowproposed.Duringtheyear noresolutionrecommendedbytheBoardreceived 20 per cent or more votes against it.Significant ShareholdersAsat21 March 2024 thefollowingShareholdershadsignificantshareholdingsintheCompany:% holding in class Significant Shareholders Sterling Shares Ferlim Nominees Limited 15.7% Rathbone Nominees Limited 8.9% Smith & Williamson Nominees Limited 8.0% Cheviot Capital (Nominees) Limited 6.1% Lion Nominees Limited 4.8% Vidacos Nominees Limited 4.5% Pershing Nominees Limited 4.3% Vestra Nominees Limited 3.7% Nortrust Nominees Limited 3.4% Brewin Nominees Limited 3.2% HSBC Global Custody Nominee (UK) Limited 3.2% % holding in class Significant Shareholders US Dollar Shares Hero Nominees Limited 14.5% Euroclear Nominees 12.8% Vidacos Nominees 11.8% Luna Nominees Limited 4.6% CGWL Nominees Limited 3.8% Aurora Nominees Limited 3.4% Lynchwood Nominees Limited 3.0% Rathbone Nominees Limited 3.0%Signed on behalf of the Board by:Richard HorlickChairJohn Le PoidevinDirector27 March 2024Statement of Directors’ Responsibility in respect of the Annual Report and Audited Financial StatementsThe Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Theyhaveresolvedtopreparethefinancialstatementsinaccordancewithaccountingprinciplesgenerallyacceptedin the United States of America.TheDirectors bylaw mustnotapprovethefinancialstatementsunlesstheyaresatisfiedthattheygiveatrueandfair viewofthestateofaffairsoftheCompanyandofitsprofitorlossforthatyear.Inpreparingthesefinancialstatements  the Directors are required to:select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;make judgements and estimates that are reasonable  relevant and reliable;state whether applicable accounting standards have been followed  subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern  disclosing  as applicable  matters related to the going concern basis; anduse the going concern basis of accounting unless liquidation is imminent.The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’stransactionsanddisclosewithreasonableaccuracyatanytimethefinancialpositionoftheCompanyand enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements thatarefreefrommaterialmisstatement whetherduetofraudorerror andhavegeneralresponsibilityfortakingsuch stepsasarereasonablyopentothemtosafeguardtheassetsoftheCompanyandtopreventanddetectfraudandother irregularities.TheDirectorsareresponsibleforthemaintenanceandintegrityofthecorporateandfinancialinformationincludedon theCompany’swebsite.LegislationinGuernseygoverningthepreparationanddisseminationoffinancialstatements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT OF THE DIRECTORS IN RESPECT OF THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORTWeconfirmthatto thebestofour knowledge:so far as each of the Directors is aware  there is no relevant audit information of which the Company’s Independent Auditor is unaware  and each has taken all the steps they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any relevant information and to establish that the Company’s Independent Auditor is aware of that information;the financial statements  prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards  give a true and fair view of the assets  liabilities  financial position and profit or loss of the Company; andeach of the Chair’s Statement  the Strategic Report  the Directors’ Report and the Manager’s Report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Company  together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that it faces.We consider the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements  taken as a whole  are fair  balanced and understandable and provide the information necessary for Shareholders to assess the Company’s position and performance  business model and strategy.SignedonbehalfoftheBoardby:Richard HorlickChairJohn Le PoidevinDirector27 March 2024Directors’RemunerationReport31December2023IntroductionAn ordinary resolution for the approval of the Directors’ Remuneration Report in the Company’s annual audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  was passed by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 13 September 2023.Remuneration policyA Remuneration and Nomination Committee was established on 17 June 2022. Prior to this  the Board as a whole consideredmattersrelatingtotheDirectors’remuneration.Noadviceorserviceswereprovidedbyanyexternalperson in respect of its consideration of the Directors’ remuneration.The Company’s policy is that the fees payable to the Directors should reflect the time spent by the Directors on the Company’s affairs and the responsibilities borne by the Directors and be sufficient to attract  retain and motivate Directors of a quality required to run the Company successfully. The Chair of the Board is paid a higher fee in recognition of his additional responsibilities  as are the Chairs of the various Board committees and the Senior IndependentDirector.Thepolicyistoreviewfeeratesperiodically althoughsuchareviewwillnotnecessarilyresult in any changes to the rates  and account is taken of fees paid to Directors of comparable companies.Therearenolong-termincentiveschemesprovidedbytheCompanyandnoperformancefeesarepaidtoDirectors.NoDirectorhasaservicecontractwiththeCompanybuteachoftheDirectorsisappointedbyaletterofappointment which sets out the main terms of their appointment. The Directors were appointed to the Board for an initial term of threeyearsandArticle21.3oftheCompany’s Articles requires asdoestheAIC Code that all of theDirectorsretire ateachAnnualGeneralMeeting.AttheAnnualGeneralMeetingoftheCompanyon13September2023 Shareholders re-electedalltheDirectors exceptforClaireWhittet whoretiredfromtheBoardanddidnotseekre-election.Director appointments can also be terminated in accordance with the Articles. Should Shareholders vote against a Director standingforre-election theDirectoraffectedwillnotbeentitledtoanycompensation.Therearenosetnoticeperiods and a Director may resign by notice in writing to the Board at any time.Directorsareremuneratedintheformoffees payablequarterlyinarrears totheDirector personally.No otherremuneration or compensation was paid or payable by the Company during the year to any of the Directors apart from the reimbursement of allowable expenses.Directors’ feesUntil30June2022 theCompany’sArticleslimitedthefeespayabletoDirectorsinaggregateto£400 000perannum. The annualDirectors’ fees were: £70 000 for RichardHorlick  the Chair; £55 000 for John Le Poidevin  the Chair of theAuditCommittee;£50 000forClaireWhittet asChairoftheManagementEngagementCommitteeandtheSenior Independent Director and £45 000 for all other Directors.TheannualDirectors’feesfrom1July2022havebeen:Role Fee per annum £ BoardChair 90 000 Audit CommitteeChair 65 000 ManagementEngagementCommitteeChair 55 000 RemunerationandNominationCommitteeChair 55 000 SeniorIndependentDirector 55 000 Allother Directors 50 000The annual aggregate limit of fees payable to Directors is £800 000 per annum. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee carried out a review of the fees at the most recent meeting  held on 7 December 2023  where it was concluded that no changes should be made.ThefeespayablebytheCompanyinrespectofeachof theDirectorswhoservedduringtheyearended31December 2023 and the year ended 31 December 2022 were as follows:Year ended Year ended 31.12.23 £ 31.12.22 £ RichardHorlick 90 000 80 000 Caroline Chan* 51 586 3 562 JuliaChapman 55 000 50 000 BronwynCurtis 55 000 50 000 JohnLePoidevin 65 000 60 000 Claire Whittet** 38 801 52 500 Total 355 387 296 062* CarolineChanwasappointedtotheBoardon6December2022atafeeof£50 000p.a.Followingher appointmentasChairoftheRemunerationandNominationCommittee herfeewasincreasedto£55 000p.a.** Claire Whittet retired from the Board on 13 September 2023.Caroline ChanRemunerationandNominationCommittee Chair27 March 2024ReportoftheAuditCommittee31December 2023We present the Audit Committee’s (the “Committee”) Report for 2023  setting out the Committee’s structure and composition  principal duties and key activities during the year. As in previous years  the Committee has reviewed the Company’s financial reporting  the independence and effectiveness of the Independent Auditor and the internal control and risk management systems of the service providers.Structure and CompositionTheCommitteeischairedbyJohnLePoidevinanditsothermembersareBronwynCurtis  JuliaChapmanandCaroline Chan. Claire Whittet served on the Audit Committee until her retirement from the Board on 13 September 2023.Appointment to the Committee is for a period of up to three years which may be extended for two further three-year periods  provided that the majority of the Committee remains independent of the Manager. John Le Poidevin is currentlyservinghisthirdterm BronwynCurtisisservinghersecondtermandJuliaChapmanandCarolineChanare serving their first terms.The Committee conducts formal meetings at least three times a year. The table in the Directors’ Report sets out the number of Committee meetings held during the year ended 31 December 2023 and the number of such meetingsattendedby each committee member. TheIndependentAuditor is invited to attend those meetings atwhich theannualandinterimreportsareconsidered.TheIndependentAuditorandtheCommitteewillmeettogetherwithout representatives of either the Administrator or the Manager being present if the Committee considers this to be necessary.Principal DutiesTheroleoftheCommitteeincludes:monitoring the integrity of the published Financial Statements of the Company;reviewing and reporting to the Board on the significant issues and judgements made in the preparation of the Company’s published Financial Statements (having regard to matters communicated by the Independent Auditor)  significant financial returns to regulators and other financial information;monitoring and reviewing the quality and effectiveness of the Independent Auditor and their independence;considering and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment  reappointment  replacement and remuneration to the Company’s Independent Auditor; andmonitoring and reviewing the internal control and risk management systems of the service providers.The complete details of the Committee’s formal duties and responsibilities are set out in the Committee’s Terms of Reference  which can be obtained from the Company’s Administrator.TheindependenceandobjectivityoftheIndependentAuditorisreviewedbytheCommittee  whichalsoreviewsthe termsunderwhichtheIndependentAuditorisappointedtoperformnon-auditservices whichincludesconsideration of the Financial Reporting Council (“FRC”) Revised Ethical Standard 2019. The Committee has also established policies and procedures for the engagementof the Company’s auditor to provide audit  assurance and other services. Theservices which the Independent Auditor may notprovide are any which:places them in a position to audit their own work;creates a mutuality of interest;results in the Independent Auditor functioning as a manager or employee of the Company; orputs the Independent Auditor in the role of advocate of the Company.Independent AuditorThe audit and any non-audit fees proposed by the Independent Auditor each year are reviewed by the Committee taking into account the Company’s structure  operations and other requirements during the year and the Committee makes recommendations to the Board.KPMG Channel Islands Limited (“KPMG CI”) has been the Company’s Independent Auditor from the date of the initial listing on the London Stock Exchange. The external audit was most recently tendered for the year ended 31 December 2016  where KPMG CI was re-appointed as auditor following the completion of the tender process.Key Activities in 2023ThefollowingsectionsdiscusstheassessmentmadebytheCommitteeduringthe year:SignificantFinancialStatement IssuesTheCommittee’sreviewoftheannualAuditedFinancialStatementsfocusedonthefollowing area:The Company’s investment in the Master Fund had a fair value of US$2 038.6 million as at 31 December 2023 and represents substantially all the net assets of the Company. The valuation of the investment is determined in accordance with the Accounting Policies set out in note 3 to the Audited Financial Statements. The Financial Statements of the Master Fund for the year ended 31 December 2023 were audited by KPMG Cayman who issued an unqualified audit opinion dated 26 March 2024. The Audit Committee has reviewed the Financial Statements of the Master Fund and the accounting policies and determined the fair value of the investment as at 31 December 2023 is reasonable.This matter was discussed during the planning and final stage of the audit and there was no significant divergence of views between the Committee and the Independent Auditor.The Committee has carried out a robust assessment of the risks to the Company in the context of making the Viability Statement in these Audited Financial Statements. Furthermore  the Committee has concluded it appropriate to continue to prepare the Audited Financial Statements on the going concern basis of accounting.EffectivenessoftheAuditThe Committee held formal meetings with KPMG CI during the course of the year: 1) before the start of the audit to discuss formal planning and to discuss any potential issues and to agree the scope that would be covered; and 2) after the audit work was concluded  to discuss the significant issues including those stated above.The Committee considered the effectiveness and independence of KPMG CI by using a number of measures  including but not limited to:reviewing the audit plan presented to them before the start of the audit;reviewing and challenging the audit findings report including variations from the original plan;reviewing any changes in audit personnel; andrequesting feedback from both the Manager and the Administrator.Further to the above  during the year ended 31 December 2023  the Committee performed a specific evaluation of the performance of the Independent Auditor. This was supported by the results of questionnaires completed by the Committee covering areas such as the quality of the audit team  business understanding  audit approach and management. There were no significant adverse findings from the 2023 evaluation.AuditFeesandSafeguardsonNon-AuditServicesThe table below summarises the remuneration paid by the Company to KPMG CI for audit and non-audit services during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.Year ended Year ended 31.12.23 £ 31.12.22 £ Annualaudit 70 200 65 000 Interimreview 35 500 33 000The Audit Committee has examined the scope and results of the external audit  its cost effectiveness and the independenceandobjectivityoftheIndependentAuditor withparticularregardtonon-auditfees andconsidersKPMG CI  as Independent Auditor  to be independent of the Company. Further  the Committee has obtained KPMG CI’s confirmationthattheservicesprovidedbyotherKPMGmemberfirmstothewiderBrevanHowardorganisationdonot prejudice its independence.FRCAuditCommitteesandExternalAuditMinimumStandardDuring the year the Audit Committee conducted an assessment of compliance with the FRC Audit Committees and ExternalAuditMinimumStandard publishedinMay2023.TheAuditCommitteewassatisfiedthatitscurrentprocesses achieved a high level of adherence and where relevant these standards have been incorporated into its Terms of Reference.Internal ControlTheAuditCommitteehasalsoreviewedtheneedforaninternalauditfunction.TheCommitteehasconcludedthatthe systemsandproceduresemployedbytheManagerandtheAdministrator includingtheirowninternalauditfunctions  currentlyprovidesufficientassurancethatasoundsystemofinternalcontrol whichsafeguardstheCompany’sassets  is maintained. An internal audit function specific to the Company is therefore considered unnecessary.TheCommitteeexaminedexternallypreparedassessmentsofthecontrolenvironmentinplaceattheManagerandthe Administrator with theManager providing an InternationalStandardonAssuranceEngagements (“ISAE3402”)report and the Administrator providing a Service Organisation Control (“SOC1”) report. No significant findings have been noted during the year.Conclusion and RecommendationAfterreviewingvariousreportssuchastheoperationalandriskmanagementframeworkandperformancereportsfrom theManagerandtheAdministrator consultingwherenecessarywithKPMGCI andassessingthesignificantAudited Financial Statements’ issues noted in the Report of the Audit Committee  the Committee is satisfied that the Audited Financial Statements appropriately address the critical judgements and key estimates (both in respect of the amounts reportedandthedisclosures).TheCommitteeisalsosatisfiedthatthesignificantassumptionsusedfordeterminingthe value of assets and liabilities have been appropriately scrutinised and challenged and are sufficiently robust. At the request of the Board  the Audit Committee considered and was satisfied that the 2023 Annual Report and Audited FinancialStatementsarefair balancedandunderstandableandprovidethenecessaryinformationforShareholdersto assess the Company’s performance  business model and strategy.TheIndependentAuditorreportedtotheCommitteethatnounadjustedmaterialmisstatementswerefoundinthecourse ofitswork.Furthermore boththeManagerandtheAdministratorconfirmedtotheCommittee thattheywerenotaware of any unadjusted material misstatements including matters relating to the presentation of the Audited Financial Statements. The Committee confirms that it is satisfied that the Independent Auditor has fulfilled its responsibilities with diligence and professional scepticism.Consequentto thereview processontheeffectivenessoftheindependentauditandthereview ofauditandnon-audit services  the Committee has recommended that KPMG CI be reappointed for the coming financial year.ForanyquestionsontheactivitiesoftheCommitteenotaddressedintheforegoing amemberoftheAuditCommittee remains available to attend each Annual General Meeting to respond to such questions.John Le PoidevinAuditCommitteeChair27 March 2024Manager’sReportBrevan Howard Capital Management LP (“BHCM” or the “Manager”) is the manager of BH Macro Limited (the “Company”)andofBrevanHowardMasterFundLimited(the“MasterFund”).TheCompanyinvestsallofitsassets (net of short-term working capital) in the ordinary shares of the Master Fund.Performance ReviewTheNAVpershareoftheUSDsharesoftheCompanydepreciatedby-1.33%during2023andtheNAVpershareof the GBP shares depreciated by -1.81%.The month-by-month NAV performance of each currency class of the Company since it commenced operations in 2007 is set out below.GBP Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YTD 2007 - - 0.11 0.83 0.17 2.28 2.55 3.26 5.92 0.04 3.08 0.89 20.67 2008 10.18 6.85 (2.61) (2.33) 0.95 2.91 1.33 1.21 (2.99) 2.84 4.23 (0.67) 23.25 2009 5.19 2.86 1.18 0.05 3.03 (0.90) 1.36 0.66 1.55 1.02 0.40 0.40 18.00 2010 (0.23) (1.54) 0.06 1.45 0.36 1.39 (1.96) 1.23 1.42 (0.35) (0.30) (0.45) 1.03 2011 0.66 0.52 0.78 0.51 0.59 (0.56) 2.22 6.24 0.39 (0.73) 1.71 (0.46) 12.34 2012 0.90 0.27 (0.37) (0.41) (1.80) (2.19) 2.38 1.01 1.95 (0.35) 0.94 1.66 3.94 2013 1.03 2.43 0.40 3.42 (0.08) (2.95) (0.80) (1.51) 0.06 (0.55) 1.36 0.41 3.09 2014 (1.35) (1.10) (0.34) (0.91) (0.18) (0.09) 0.82 0.04 4.29 (1.70) 0.96 (0.04) 0.26 2015 3.26 (0.58) 0.38 (1.20) 0.97 (0.93) 0.37 (0.74) (0.63) (0.49) 2.27 (3.39) (0.86) 2016 0.60 0.70 (1.78) (0.82) (0.30) 3.31 (0.99) (0.10) (0.68) 0.80 5.05 0.05 5.79 2017 (1.54) 1.86 (2.95) 0.59 (0.68) (1.48) 1.47 0.09 (0.79) (0.96) 0.09 (0.06) (4.35) 2018 2.36 (0.51) (1.68) 1.01 8.19 (0.66) 0.82 0.79 0.04 1.17 0.26 0.31 12.43 2019 0.52 (0.88) 2.43 (0.60) 3.53 3.82 (0.78) 1.00 (1.94) 0.47 (1.22) 1.52 7.98 2020 (1.42) 5.49 18.31 0.19 (0.85) (0.53) 1.74 0.94 (1.16) (0.02) 0.75 3.04 28.09 2021 1.20 0.32 0.81 0.15 0.25 (1.50) (0.49) 0.87 0.40 0.27 0.00 0.47 2.76 2022 0.94 1.79 5.39 3.86 1.66 1.05 0.15 2.84 2.12 (0.40) (1.15) 1.88 21.91 2023 1.20 (0.28) (4.29) (0.93) (1.61) (0.25) 0.90 0.34 1.12 0.86 (0.42) 1.69 (1.81)USD Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YTD 2007 - - 0.10 0.90 0.15 2.29 2.56 3.11 5.92 0.03 2.96 0.75 20.27 2008 9.89 6.70 (2.79) (2.48) 0.77 2.75 1.13 0.75 (3.13) 2.76 3.75 (0.68) 20.32 2009 5.06 2.78 1.17 0.13 3.14 (0.86) 1.36 0.71 1.55 1.07 0.37 0.37 18.04 2010 (0.27) (1.50) 0.04 1.45 0.32 1.38 (2.01) 1.21 1.50 (0.33) (0.33) (0.49) 0.91 2011 0.65 0.53 0.75 0.49 0.55 (0.58) 2.19 6.18 0.40 (0.76) 1.68 (0.47) 12.04 2012 0.90 0.25 (0.40) (0.43) (1.77) (2.23) 2.36 1.02 1.99 (0.36) 0.92 1.66 3.86 2013 1.01 2.32 0.34 3.45 (0.10) (3.05) (0.83) (1.55) 0.03 (0.55) 1.35 0.40 2.70 2014 (1.36) (1.10) (0.40) (0.81) (0.08) (0.06) 0.85 0.01 3.96 (1.73) 1.00 (0.05) 0.11 2015 3.14 (0.60) 0.36 (1.28) 0.93 (1.01) 0.32 (0.78) (0.64) (0.59) 2.36 (3.48) (1.42) 2016 0.71 0.73 (1.77) (0.82) (0.28) 3.61 (0.99) (0.17) (0.37) 0.77 5.02 0.19 6.63 2017 (1.47) 1.91 (2.84) 3.84 (0.60) (1.39) 1.54 0.19 (0.78) (0.84) 0.20 0.11 (0.30) 2018 2.54 (0.38) (1.54) 1.07 8.41 (0.57) 0.91 0.90 0.14 1.32 0.38 0.47 14.16 2019 0.67 (0.70) 2.45 (0.49) 3.55 3.97 (0.66) 1.12 (1.89) 0.65 (1.17) 1.68 9.38 2020 (1.25) 5.39 18.40 0.34 (0.82) (0.54) 1.84 0.97 (1.11) (0.01) 0.76 3.15 28.89 2021 1.21 0.31 0.85 0.16 0.26 (1.47) (0.47) 0.86 0.31 0.14 (0.09) 0.59 2.67 2022 0.74 1.77 5.27 3.80 1.09 0.76 0.12 3.11 2.46 (0.50) (1.09) 2.01 21.17 2023 1.26 (0.30) (4.11) (0.88) (1.54) (0.15) 0.92 0.34 1.08 0.88 (0.40) 1.69 (1.33)Source:MasterFundNAVdataisprovidedbytheadministratoroftheMasterFund StateStreetFundServices(Ireland)Limited.TheCompany’sNAVandNAVperSharedataisprovidedbytheCompany’sadministrator NorthernTrustInternationalFundAdministrationServices(Guernsey)Limited.TheCompany’sNAVperShare%MonthlyChangeiscalculatedby BHCM.TheCompany’sNAVdataisunauditedandnetofallinvestmentmanagementandperformancefeesandallotherfeesandexpenses payablebytheCompany. In addition  the Company’s investment in the Master Fund is subject to an operational services fee.NAVperformanceisprovidedforinformationpurposesonly.SharesintheCompanydonotnecessarilytradeatapriceequalto theprevailingNAVperShare.Dataasat29December2023.PASTPERFORMANCEISNOTINDICATIVEOFFUTURERESULTSQuarterly and Annual contribution (%) to the performance of the Company’s USD Shares (net of fees and expenses) by asset class*ThisinformationisgiveninUS$only consistentwithmonthlyshareholderreportingfortheunderlyingUS$denominatedMasterFund.Rates FX Commodities Credit Equity DigitalAssets DiscountManagement TOTAL Q1 2023 (1.37) (0.71) (0.22) 0.14 (1.25) 0.19 0.04 (3.19) Q2 2023 (1.37) (0.54) (0.34) (0.07) (0.11) (0.14) 0.00 (2.55) Q3 2023 2.25 0.03 0.07 (0.07) 0.20 (0.14) 0.00 2.36 Q4 2023 2.30 (0.47) (0.03) 0.23 (0.52) 0.69 0.00 2.18 2023 1.75 (1.68) (0.52) 0.23 (1.67) 0.60 0.04 (1.33)Dataasat29December2023.QuarterlyandYTDfiguresarecalculatedbyBHCMasat29December2023 basedonperformancedataforeachperiodprovidedbytheCompany’sadministrator  Northern Trust. Figures rounded to two decimal places.PASTPERFORMANCEISNOTINDICATIVEOFFUTURERESULTSMethodologyandDefinitionofContributiontoPerformance:Attributionbyassetclassisproducedattheinstrumentlevel withadjustmentsmadebasedonriskestimates.*Theaboveassetclassesarecategorisedasfollows:“Rates”: interest rates markets“FX”:FXforwardsandoptions“Commodities”:commodityfuturesandoptions“Credit”: corporate and asset-backed indices  bonds and CDS“Equity”:equitymarketsincludingindicesandotherderivatives“Digital Assets”: crypto-currencies including derivatives“DiscountManagement”:buybackactivityorsharesfromtreasuryPerformance and Economic Outlook CommentaryThe environment for macro trading in the past year was very different to 2022  which was  in terms of performance  one of the best years in our more than 20-year history with the NAV per share of the GBP shares of the Company increasingby21.91%.Thisyearsawsignificantchallengesandtherewasadeclinein theNAVpershareoftheGBP shares of the Company of -1.81%.Macro trading in the first quarter was influenced by the surprising strength of the US economy against a background ofwidespreadrecessionfears.ThiscausedtheFedtopivothawkishlyandhintatfurtherhikes.Notably ChairPowell in his March testimony to Congress suggested that interestrates needed to be increased at a faster pace  suggesting a return to 50-basis-point rate increases.Ourmacroportfoliomanagersleanedintothisviewwitharangeofpositionstobenefitfromanaccelerationoffurther tightening. In the event  the shock triggered two of the largest bank failures in history. Silicon Valley Bank failed almostimmediatelyandCreditSuissewasresolvedjustaweeklater.Thedramaticreversal—especiallyinshort-term interest rates  which staged some of their biggest one-day rallies in history — caused these positions to incur losses. Our well-established risk discipline ensured that the positions most affected were cut immediately. The Master Fund was placed in a strong position given the increased uncertainty about the strength of banks more generally and the possibility of a knock-on effect on financial markets.Overthesubsequentquarter itwasunclearwhethertheUSandEuroareaswouldcontinuetopoweraheadorsuffera credit crunch. The interplay between strong economic data with the potential for an ongoing wave of bank failures madeforchoppy trendlessmarketsduringwhichourrisklevelsremainedmuted.Marketliquiditywasweakandthis  combinedwithconcernsaboutthefinancialsector madeusparticularlysensitivetotailrisksespeciallythoserelating to leverage across the wider market. This risk discipline had a material dampening impact on our macro directional risk-taking through to the fourth quarter of the year.In parallel with this  we conducted a review to seek to ensure that the Master Fund remains optimally positioned to executeonitskeyobjective:thatofcontinuingtheexceptionallong-termtrackrecordproducedforinvestors.Aspart of this process  we assembled a dedicated team to carry out a comprehensive  critical assessment of the capital allocationswithinthefund.Theteamexaminedabroadrangeoffactorsthatdrivesperformance includingtheunique return and downside characteristics of the underlying trading strategies  and how they interact together. They also scrutinized individual portfolio managers’ performance profiles  their ability to structure convexity and the extent to which they contribute to diversification. This work led to a series of improvements to capital allocations across strategies and portfolio managers  improvements to several trading mandates and the closure of underperforming trading books.Atahighlevel theaimoftheseadjustmentsistoseektoenhancetheMasterFund’sabilitytogeneratehighlyconvex and uncorrelated returns through an improved focus on monetising macro opportunities while protecting the unique return characteristics that distinguish the Fund.Lookingforward theopportunitysetformacrotradinglookssettobeextremelyinterestingandmacroconsiderations arelikelytomattermorethanevertoeveryinvestor.Whileitishardtoidentifyparadigmshiftsinrealtime thesecular stagnation era may have ended. There are three factors that may drive the shift towards structurally higher interest rates and more economic volatility than occurred in the post-Global Financial Crisis period.First fiscalandmonetarypolicyarenolongera“freelunch”.Publicdebtsoaredinthewakeofthepandemic limiting fiscalspacegoingforward. Centralbankssuffered reputationaldamagefrommissing their inflation mandates which islikelytomakethemreluctanttoembraceunconventionalmonetarypolicyinresponsetofinancialmarketvolatility.Second  China plans to emphasize state-led growth  common prosperity  and national security — a sharp departure from the last40yearswhen theirfree-wheeling economicgrowthpowered theglobaleconomy.China’s contribution toreducingglobalinflationthroughunfetteredtradeinrecentdecadesisalsolikelytodiminish andstructurallyslower growth in China should result in fewer of its financial reserves being recycled into international markets.Finally thereareongoingwarswiththeprospectloomingforfurthergreatpowerconflict.Anewlandscapeofgreater geopoliticaltensionandcompetitionwillmeanbiggerbudgetdeficits higherinflation andgreateruncertainty.Inthis kindoffuture investorswillhavetooperateinamorevolatileeconomicenvironmentwithoutthecomfortofafiscal or monetary safety net.Forallofthesereasons afocusonmacrofactorswithinportfolioswillbeessentialandtheopportunitysetformacro trading is likely to be very rich. Brevan Howard is well-positioned to navigate this environment in service to our clients. Brevan Howard wishes to thank shareholders once again for their continued support.BrevanHowardCapitalManagementLP  acting by its sole general partner BrevanHowardCapitalManagement Limited.27 March 2024IndependentAuditor’sReporttotheMembersofBHMacroLimitedOur opinion is unmodifiedWe have audited the financial statements of BH Macro Limited (the “Company”)  which comprise the Audited Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at 31 December 2023  the Audited Statements of Operations  Changes in Net Assets and Cash Flows for the year then ended  and notes  comprising significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.In our opinion  the accompanying financial statements:give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2023   and of the Company’s financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended;are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; andcomply with the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008.Basis for opinionWe conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under  and are independent of the Company in accordance with  UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard as required by the Crown Dependencies’ Audit Rules and Guidance. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.Key audit matters: our assessment of the risks of material misstatementKey audit matters are those matters that  in our professional judgment  were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us  including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole  and in forming our opinion thereon  and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In arriving at our audit opinion above  the key audit matter was as follows (unchanged from 2022):The risk Our response Valuation of Investment in Brevan Howard Master Fund Limited (the “Master Fund”) $2 038 614 000 (2022: $1 628 766 000) Refer to the Report of the Audit Committee and note 3 accounting policy Basis: The Company  which is a multi-class feeder fund  had invested 98.27% (2022: 99.29%) of its net assets at 31 December 2023 into the ordinary US Dollar and Sterling denominated Class B Shares issued by the Master Fund  which is an open-ended investment company. The Company’s investment holdings in the Master Fund are valued using the respective net asset value per share class as provided by the Master Fund’s independent administrator. Risk: The valuation of the Company’s investment in the Master Fund  given that it represents the majority of the net assets of the Company  is a significant area of our audit. Our audit procedures included  but were not limited to: Obtained an independent confirmation from the administrator of the Master Fund detailing the net asset value per share for both the US Dollar and Sterling Class B shares and reconciled these to the net asset values used in the valuation of the investment in the Master Fund; Assessed the audit work performed by the auditor of the Master Fund by gaining insight over the work performed on the significant elements of the Master Fund’s net asset value and by holding discussions on key audit findings with the auditor of the Master Fund; and Examined the Master Fund’s coterminous audited financial statements to corroborate the net asset value per share of both the US Dollar and Sterling Class B shares. We also considered the Company’s investment valuation policies as disclosed in note 3 to the financial statements for conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope of our auditMateriality for the financial statements as a whole was set at £29 700 000  determined with reference to a benchmark of net assets of $2 074 531 000  of which it represents approximately 1.5% (2022: 1.5%).In line with our audit methodology  our procedures on individual account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower threshold  performance materiality  so as to reduce to an acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial misstatements in individual account balances add up to a material amount across the financial statements as a whole. Performance materiality for the Company was set at 75% (2022: 75%) of materiality for the financial statements as a whole  which equates to $22 200 000. We applied this percentage in our determination of performance materiality because we did not identify any factors indicating an elevated level of risk.We reported to the Audit Committee any corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding $1 485 000  in addition to other identified misstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.Our audit of the Company was undertaken to the materiality level specified above  which has informed our identification of significant risks of material misstatement and the associated audit procedures performed in those areas as detailed above.Going concernThe directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations  and as they have concluded that the Company’s financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (the “going concern period”).In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions  we considered the inherent risks to the Company’s business model and analysed how those risks might affect the Company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period. The risks that we considered most likely to affect the Company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over this period were:Availability of capital to meet operating costs and other financial commitments; andThe likelihood of a share class closure or liquidation resolution votes being triggered.We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect the liquidity in the going concern period by comparing severe  but plausible downside scenarios that could arise from these risks individually and collectively against the level of available financial resources indicated by the Company’s financial forecasts.We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note 3 to the financial statements gives a full and accurate description of the directors' assessment of going concern.Our conclusions based on this work:we consider that the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate;we have not identified  and concur with the directors' assessment that there is not  a material uncertainty related to events or conditions that  individually or collectively  may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period; andwe have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to the directors' statement in the notes to the financial statements on the use of the going concern basis of accounting with no material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt over the Company's use of that basis for the going concern period  and that statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our audit knowledge.However  as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made  the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations – ability to detectIdentifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraudTo identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included:enquiring of management as to the Company’s policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud as well as enquiring whether management have knowledge of any actual  suspected or alleged fraud;reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance; andusing analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.As required by auditing standards  we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls  in particular the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition because the Company’s revenue streams are simple in nature with respect to accounting policy choice  and are easily verifiable to external data sources or agreements with little or no requirement for estimation from management. We did not identify any additional fraud risks.We performed procedures includingIdentifying journal entries and other adjustments to test based on risk criteria and comparing any identified entries to supporting documentation; andincorporating an element of unpredictability in our audit procedures.Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulationsWe identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our sector experience and through discussion with management (as required by auditing standards)  and from inspection o",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.27,0.54,True,English,"['BH Macro Limited', 'Annual Report', 'Financial Statements', 'BH Macro Limited Annual Report', 'US Dollar Class shares', 'Sterling Class shares', 'positive second half', 'interest rate expectations', 'other investment vehicles', 'share buyback programme', 'Classified Regulated Information', 'DTR 6 Annex 1 section', 'share price return', 'share price performance', 'Audited Financial Statements', '6billionandtheteambeingstrengthenedbothattheportfolio manager level', 'share performance', 'interim report', 'other investments', 'interest rates', 'overall return', 'greatest reversal', 'detrimental impact', 'at14 February', 'significant discount', 'large premium', 'butitis worthrememberingthewordsofPresidentRooseveltthatwe', 'Takeover Panel', 'Rathbones entityisnotunderanyobligationtomakesalesofthestock', 'relative attractiveness', 'competing attractiveness', 'challenging environmentformacrofunds', 'thisdifficultandvolatileenvironmentisoneinwhichhistoricallytheMaster Fund', 'YourBoardhascontinuedtoimplementbuybackssubsequenttotheyearendand hastheabilitytobuyback', 'TheCompanyisfarfrombeing aloneinstandingatasignificantdiscount', 'support staff', 'core activities', 'active program', 'public communication', 'investor relations', 'high standards', 'corporate governance', 'ClaireWhittetretiredfromtheBoardandasSeniorIndependentDirectoron 13September2023', 'monthly reports', 'shareholder reports', 'financial year', 'dateperformanceinformationisprovidedthroughNAVpersharedatapublishedmonthlyonadefinitive basis', 'rollercoaster year', 'The Company', 'LEI', '549300ZOFF0Z2CM87C29', 'accordance', 'website', 'bhmacro', 'Chair', 'afterthesuccessfulequityraisingatthebeginningoftheyear', 'Duringthefirstsixmonthsoftheyear', '40 years', 'MasterFund', 'Theperiodalsosawtheannouncementof', 'themergeroftwoofourlargestshareholders', 'InvestecandRathbonescreatingacombinedentitywhich', 'votingrightsof2', 'oftheSterlingClasssharesand0', 'oftheUSDollarClassshares', 'ThefearofasignificantoverhangofstockasaresultofthemergercontributedtothepriceoftheCompany', 'Thesecondhalfoftheyearsawasignificantreversalinthefirsthalfyear', 'sdisappointingNAVpershareperformance', 'June', 'thediscountontheCompany', 'doubtsomeofthisresultedfromfearsbysomeinvestorsofselling', 'resultingfromthemergerreferredtoabove', 'havenothingtofear', 'retainabsoluteconfidenceinBrevanHowardCapitalManagementLP', 'astheCompany', 'smanager', 'wehavetheexpectationthatitwillcontinuetodeliverthegoodreturnsitdemonstratedformorethan20years', 'circumstances', 'clearance', 'theCompanyisanticipatingitwillbeabletostand', 'increase', 'cash', 'duringDecember2023andthediscountnarrowedfrom13', 'asat30November2023', 'asat31December', 'fortheSterlingClassshares', 'fortheUSDollarClassshares', 'ssharesinissue', 'disregardingsharesheldintreasury', 'Otherclosed', 'endedinvestmentcompaniessawtheirdiscountwidenduring', 'course', 'reasons', 'exception', 'Againstthisbackground', 'yourBoardhascontinueditsregulardialoguewiththeManagerinordertoassureitselfofthe', 'qualityoftheinvestmentteamandsupportingsystems', 'operationsandinfrastructureacrosstheorganisation', 'business', 'assets', 'terms', 'YourBoardhasremainedreassuredthatthesecontinuingdevelopmentsintheManager', 'soperationsaresupportiveof', 'services', 'YourBoardiswhollyindependentoftheBrevanHowardgroupofcompanies', 'TheDirectorsareverycloselyfocused', 'interests']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38389,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALSET-CAPITAL-INC-64307517/news/Alset-Capital-Inc-Announces-Frankfurt-Stock-Exchange-Listing-and-Engagement-of-Corporate-Awareness-46305356/,Alset Capital Inc. Announces Frankfurt Stock Exchange Listing and Engagement of Corporate Awareness Providers  Including Omni8 Communications Inc.,"(marketscreener.com) Alset Capital Inc. is pleased to announce the listing of the common shares in the capital of the Company on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the trading symbol ""1R60""  WKN: A3ESVQ and ISIN: CA02115L2003. The Common Shares are now cross-…","Vancouver  British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - March 27  2024) - Alset Capital Inc. (TSXV: KSUM) (FSE: 1R60) (""Alset"" or the ""Company"") is pleased to announce the listing of the common shares in the capital of the Company (the ""Common Shares"") on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (the ""FSE"") under the trading symbol ""1R60""  WKN: A3ESVQ and ISIN: CA02115L2003. The Common Shares are now cross-listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange Venture (the ""TSXV"") in Canada  and the FSE in Germany.The FSE is one of the world's largest international trading centers for securities. Operated by the Deutsche Boerse AG  FSE  is the largest of Germany's seven stock exchanges  and is responsible for approximately 90 percent of all securities traded in Germany. The FSE facilitates advanced electronic trading  settlement and information systems and enables cross-border trading for international investors.Corporate Awareness EngagementThe Company is also pleased to announce that it has engaged Omni8 Communications Inc. DBA Omni8 Global (""Omni8"")  a content focused digital marketing agency to increase investor awareness and interest in the Company as well as attracting new investors through various online platforms and a comprehensive digital media marketing campaign for the Company  whereby the services to be provided by Omni8 will include assisting Alset to develop a corporate marketing strategy and provide marketing and public relations advisory services  help coordinate marketing  news flow and events  making introductions to Omni8's network of media contacts  internet and social media marketers and other such providers  as well as to assist with various other public relations efforts. The services provided will be facilitated by way of digital venues such as programmatic digital marketing  social media marketing  select television broadcasts and radio advertising  email marketing  influencer outreach and placement of related marketing content on public websites.The agreement is for a 2-month term commencing March 27  2024  with a cost of $100 000. The principal of Omni8 is Ryan Johnson  1075 West Georgia Street  V6E 3C9  Phone: 1-855-939-2189; Email: ryan@omni8media.com. Omni8 and its principals are arm's length to the Company. No stock options are being granted to Omni8 under the terms of its engagement  and to the knowledge of the Company  Omni8 does not own any Common Shares or other securities of the Company. The governing agreement described herein is subject to TSXV approval and may be renewed or extended by the Company and Omni8 at the end of the initial term.The Company also announces that it has engaged Aktiencheck.de AG (""Aktiencheck"") to provide a European marketing awareness program. Services include editorial write-ups and distribution  standalone email marketing campaigns  search engine marketing  native advertising. These efforts will be focused on disseminating editorial reports to active investors. Additionally  a specialized German Social Media campaign will target financial investors  distributing editorial content across relevant platforms such as aktiencheck.de and others.The agreement is for a 2-month term commencing April 8  2024  with a cost of €50 000. The principal of Aktiencheck is Stefan Lindam  Bahnhofstraße 6 56470 Bad Marienberg Deutschland  Phone: +49 2661 9890020; Email: stefan.lindam@aktiencheck.de. Aktiencheck and its principals are arm's length to the Company. No stock options are being granted to Aktiencheck under the terms of its engagement  and to the knowledge of the Company  Aktiencheck does not own any common shares or other securities of the Company. The governing agreement described above is subject to TSXV approval and may be renewed or extended at the end of the initial term.The Company also announces that it has engaged Shore Thing Media  LLC. (""STM"") to provide a coordinate with the Company's management concerning marketing ideas  re-distribution of press releases and memorandum describing the Company's business together with such other materials as may be reasonably required for marketing of the Company.The agreement is for a 2-month term commencing April 8  2024  with a cost of USD $50 000. The principal of STM is Michael Mctigue  625 Abbott Avenue Toms River  NJ 08753  Phone: 973-820-3748; Email: fnmmichael@gmail.com. STM and its principals are arm's length to the Company. No stock options are being granted to STM under the terms of its engagement  and to the knowledge of the Company  STM does not own any common shares or other securities of the Company. The governing agreement described above is subject to TSXV approval.On behalf of Alset Capital Inc.""Morgan Good""Morgan GoodChief Executive OfficerAbout Alset Capital Inc.Alset Capital Inc. is an investment issuer that is focused on investment in diversified industries such as technology  healthcare  industrial  special situations  operating businesses through both debt and equity using cash resources or shares in its capital. The Company is led by an experienced  entrepreneurial group of executives having a diverse industry and capital markets background.For further information about Alset Capital Inc.  please contact:Morgan Good  CEO and DirectorT: 604.715.4751E: morgan@alsetai.comCautionary Note regarding Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements in this press release may contain forward-looking information (within the meaning of Canadian securities legislation)  including  without limitation  the intended services to be provided by each of Omni8  Aktienchek and STM  the consideration to be paid to each of Omni8  Aktiencheck and STM and the Company obtaining TSXV approval. These statements address future events and conditions and  as such  involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  which may cause the actual results  performance  or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance  or achievements expressed or implied by the statements. Forward-Looking statements speak only as of the date those statements are made. Although the Company believes the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements include regulatory actions  market prices  and continued availability of capital and financing  and general economic  market or business conditions. Investors are cautioned that any such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking statements are based on the beliefs  estimates and opinions of the Company's management on the date the statements are made. Except as required by applicable law  the Company assumes no obligation to update or to publicly announce the results of any change to any forward-looking statement contained or incorporated by reference herein to reflect actual results  future events or developments  changes in assumptions  or changes in other factors affecting the forward-looking statements. If the Company updates any forward-looking statement(s)  no inference should be drawn that it will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements.Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION  DISTRIBUTION OR DISSEMINATION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATESTo view the source version of this press release  please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/203412",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.81,0.17,0.02,True,English,"['Frankfurt Stock Exchange Listing', 'Alset Capital Inc.', 'Corporate Awareness Providers', 'Omni8 Communications Inc', 'Engagement', 'specialized German Social Media campaign', 'comprehensive digital media marketing campaign', 'content focused digital marketing agency', 'various other public relations efforts', '625 Abbott Avenue Toms River', 'Toronto Stock Exchange Venture', 'public relations advisory services', 'European marketing awareness program', 'largest international trading centers', 'standalone email marketing campaigns', 'social media marketers', 'social media marketing', 'programmatic digital marketing', 'various online platforms', 'Shore Thing Media', 'related marketing content', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', '1075 West Georgia Street', 'Bad Marienberg Deutschland', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'experienced, entrepreneurial group', 'corporate marketing strategy', 'search engine marketing', 'advanced electronic trading', 'seven stock exchanges', 'Alset Capital Inc.', 'Corporate Awareness Engagement', 'Omni8 Communications Inc.', 'DBA Omni8 Global', 'Aktiencheck.de AG', 'The Common Shares', 'digital venues', 'public websites', 'media contacts', 'editorial content', 'international investors', 'investor awareness', 'marketing ideas', 'trading symbol', 'cross-border trading', 'stock options', 'relevant platforms', 'other materials', 'British Columbia', 'Newsfile Corp.', 'information systems', 'new investors', 'news flow', 'television broadcasts', 'radio advertising', 'influencer outreach', '2-month term', 'V6E 3C9', 'initial term', 'editorial write-ups', 'native advertising', 'editorial reports', 'active investors', 'financial investors', 'Bahnhofstraße', 'press releases', 'Michael Mctigue', 'Morgan Good', 'diversified industries', 'special situations', 'cash resources', 'diverse industry', 'other securities', 'TSXV approval', 'Ryan Johnson', 'governing agreement', 'investment issuer', 'The FSE', 'The Company', 'Stefan Lindam', 'Vancouver', 'March', 'KSUM', '1R60', 'listing', 'WKN', 'A3ESVQ', 'Canada', 'Germany', 'world', '90 percent', 'settlement', 'interest', 'events', 'introductions', 'network', 'internet', 'providers', 'way', 'placement', 'cost', 'principal', 'Phone', 'omni8media', 'arm', 'length', 'terms', 'knowledge', 'end', 'distribution', 'others', 'April', 'coordinate', 'management', 'memorandum', 'business', 'NJ', 'fnmmichael', 'behalf', 'technology', 'healthcare', 'industrial', 'debt', 'equity', 'executives']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38390,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-deutsche-konsum-reit-ag-sells-14-retail-properties-proceeds-from-the-sale-will-be-used-in-full-to-repay-financial-liabilities-1033205548,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG sells 14 retail properties / Proceeds from the sale will be used in full to repay financial liabilities,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG / Key word(s): Disposal Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG sells 14 retail properties / Proceeds from the sale will be used in full to repay financial liabilities 28.03.2024 / 15:00 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the ...,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG / Key word(s): DisposalDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG sells 14 retail properties / Proceeds from the sale will be used in full to repay financial liabilities28.03.2024 / 15:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG sells 14 retail properties / Proceeds from the sale will be used in full to repay financial liabilitiesPotsdam  28 March 2024 - The Management Board of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) today notarised the sale of a sub-portfolio of 14 properties. The sub-portfolio comprises a total rental area of around 72 000 sqm at the locations Ludwigslust  Guben (Karl-Marx-Straße)  Stendal (Nordwall)  Hohenmölsen  Aschersleben  Tangerhütte  Eisenhüttenstadt (Karl-Marx-Straße)  Seebach  Elsterwerda  Eggesin  Lübz  Lübtheen  Staßfurt (Neundorfer Straße) and Osterfeld.The sub-portfolio is made up of various property types - from free-standing food discounters to regionally dominant retail parks  the retail properties form a cross-section of DKR's portfolio. The properties currently generate an annual rent of EUR 5.5 million with a remaining lease term of 5.0 years and a vacancy rate of around 6%. The selling price is around 4% below the IFRS carrying amount at which the Company recognised the properties after the last portfolio valuation on 30 September 2023. The parties have agreed not to disclose the purchase price. The transfer of benefits and encumbrances for all properties is expected to take place by June 2024. The buyer is an institutional German real estate investor in the retail segment.DKR acquired the properties for sale mainly in individual transactions between 2015 and 2022 at an average initial yield of 10% and with an average remaining lease term of 5.7 years. The vacancy rate at the time of acquisition was around 6%. During the holding period  the properties generated rental income totalling more than EUR 36 million. On average  DKR has succeeded in increasing the annual rent of the properties for sale by around 10% over the holding period since the properties were acquired.The proceeds from the sale are to be used in full to repay bank liabilities and to partially repay maturing bonds. This will significantly reduce the LTV ratio by several percentage points.The Company is currently working on further selected sales  which will be carried out to streamline the existing real estate portfolio. The resulting liquidity will also be used to optimise the debt structure.About Deutsche KonsumDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG  Broderstorf  is a listed real estate company with a focus on German retail properties for everyday goods at established micro-locations. The focus of the Company's activities is on the acquisition  management and development of local supply properties with the aim of continuous performance and the leveraging of hidden reserves.The shares of the Company are listed on the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse (ISIN: DE000A14KRD3) and on the JSE (JSE Limited) (South Africa) by way of a secondary listing.Contact:Deutsche Konsum REIT-AGMareike KuliberdaInvestor Relationsmk@deutsche-konsum.de+49 (0) 331 74 00 76 - 533,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', '14 retail properties', 'financial liabilities', 'EQS-News', 'Proceeds', 'sale', 'institutional German real estate investor', 'existing real estate portfolio', 'listed real estate company', 'average remaining lease term', 'Investor Relations mk', 'average initial yield', 'various property types', 'free-standing food discounters', 'IFRS carrying amount', 'several percentage points', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'last portfolio valuation', 'total rental area', 'Neundorfer Straße', 'dominant retail parks', 'German retail properties', 'local supply properties', 'rental income', 'Karl-Marx-Straße', 'retail segment', 'Key word', 'financial liabilities', 'Hohenmölsen', 'Tangerhütte', 'Eisenhüttenstadt', 'Lübz', 'Lübtheen', 'Staßfurt', 'annual rent', 'vacancy rate', 'selling price', 'purchase price', 'individual transactions', 'holding period', 'bank liabilities', 'maturing bonds', 'LTV ratio', 'resulting liquidity', 'debt structure', 'everyday goods', 'continuous performance', 'hidden reserves', 'Prime Standard', 'South Africa', 'secondary listing', 'Mareike Kuliberda', '14 retail properties', 'Management Board', 'JSE Limited', 'The Company', 'ISIN DE000A14KRD', '14 properties', 'EQS-News', 'Disposal', 'Proceeds', 'sale', '15:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Potsdam', 'sub-portfolio', '72,000 sqm', 'locations', 'Ludwigslust', 'Guben', 'Stendal', 'Nordwall', 'Aschersleben', 'Seebach', 'Elsterwerda', 'Eggesin', 'Osterfeld', 'regionally', 'cross-section', 'DKR', '5.0 years', '30 September', 'parties', 'transfer', 'benefits', 'encumbrances', 'place', 'June', 'buyer', '5.7 years', 'time', 'acquisition', 'Broderstorf', 'focus', 'activities', 'development', 'aim', 'leveraging', 'shares', 'way', 'Contact', 'deutsche-konsum', '49', '331']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,markets.businessinsider.com
38391,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-publishes-its-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46313231/,Euronext publishes its 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext publishes…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes its 2023 Universal Registration DocumentAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 28 March 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announces that it has filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document  prepared in ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format)  including the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and Directors’ Report to the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten (the “AFM”)  on 28 March 2024  as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.The 2023 Universal Registration Document has been filed in English and is available in ESEF format on Euronext’s website at:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/financial-reportsAnd athttps://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/annual-report-2023Printed copies of the official version filed to the AFM in ESEF format are available at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5 1012 JW Amsterdam The NetherlandsANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice @euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 p ortugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2023  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Clément Kubiak', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '2023 Annual Financial Statements', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'main regulated market', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'intellectual property rights', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Dublin Andrea Monzani', 'The Euronext Group', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'European economies', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'personal data', 'European Parliament', 'ESEF format', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'financial products', 'derivatives markets', 'The Group', 'Directors’ Report', 'competent authority', 'official version', 'registered office', 'sustainable growth', 'end December', 'largest centre', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'applicable rules', 'Euronext Clearing', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'proprietary rights', 'regulated exchanges', 'information purposes', 'Milan', 'Paris', '28 March', 'AFM', 'English', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'financial-information', 'financial-reports', 'annual-report', 'copies', 'Beursplein', 'Netherlands', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'mediateam', 'brusselspressoffice', 'dublinpressoffice', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'regard', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', '70']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38392,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854303/0/en/Euronext-publishes-its-2023-Universal-Registration-Document.html,Euronext publishes its 2023 Universal Registration Document,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes its 2023 Universal Registration DocumentAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 28 March 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announces that it has filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document  prepared in ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format)  including the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and Directors’ Report to the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten (the “AFM”)  on 28 March 2024  as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.The 2023 Universal Registration Document has been filed in English and is available in ESEF format on Euronext’s website at:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/financial-reportsAnd athttps://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/annual-report-2023Printed copies of the official version filed to the AFM in ESEF format are available at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5 1012 JW Amsterdam The NetherlandsANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2023  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Clément Kubiak', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '2023 Annual Financial Statements', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'main regulated market', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'intellectual property rights', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Dublin Andrea Monzani', 'The Euronext Group', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'European economies', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'personal data', 'European Parliament', 'ESEF format', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'financial products', 'derivatives markets', 'The Group', 'Directors’ Report', 'competent authority', 'official version', 'registered office', 'sustainable growth', 'end December', 'largest centre', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'Euronext Clearing', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'proprietary rights', 'regulated exchanges', 'applicable rules', 'information purposes', 'Milan', 'Paris', '28 March', 'AFM', 'English', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'financial-information', 'financial-reports', 'annual-report', 'copies', 'Beursplein', 'Netherlands', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'mediateam', 'brusselspressoffice', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'regard', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38393,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Convening-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Euronext-N-V-46313232/,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Convening of the A…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 28 March 2024 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 15 May 2024 at 10.30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2023 Updated Dutch Corporate Governance Code (discussion item) Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2023 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2023 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €2.48 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2023 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2023 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Dick Sluimers as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Appointment of Fedra Ribeiro as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Appointment of Muriel De Lathouwer as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 8) Appointment of Koen Van Loo as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 9) Composition of the Managing Board Re-appointment of Øivind Amundsen as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 10) Re-appointment of Simone Huis in ‘t Veld as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 11) Appointment of Simon Gallagher as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 12) Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 13) Proposal regarding cancellation of the company’s own shares purchased by the company under the share repurchase program (voting item 14) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body:a. to issue ordinary shares (voting item 15); andb. to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 16) Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 17) Any other business CloseThe AGM will be conducted in English.Registration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 17 April 2024  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Tuesday 7 May 2024 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 10 May 2024 by Uptevia  Assemblées Générales  90-110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle 92931 Paris La Défense Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia Corporate Trust. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Tuesday 7 May 2024 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 10 May 2024 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio ART’S – Av. D. Joao II – Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendants may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM viahttps://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20240515_1/AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2023 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsat Uptevia - Assemblées Générales – 90-110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle 92931 Paris La Défense Cedex  France - + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTSANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice @euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 p ortugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.comParis  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of December 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.19,0.35,0.46,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Assemblées Générales', 'Général de Gaulle', 'Paris La Défense Cedex', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Dutch Corporate Governance Code', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'Muriel De Lathouwer', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Edificio ART’S', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Koen Van Loo', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'share repurchase program', 'Uptevia Corporate Trust', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Dutch law', 'Annual report', 'ordinary share', 'share capital', 'Wednesday 15 May', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2023 remuneration report', '2023 financial statements', 'Managing Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Dick Sluimers', 'Fedra Ribeiro', 'Øivind Amundsen', 'Simone Huis', 'Simon Gallagher', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'other business', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', 'Tuesday 7 May', 'Friday 10 May', '90-110 Esplanade', 'Bloco B', 'valid admission', 'Registration date', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'The Shareholders', 'admission certificate', 'voting form', 'discussion item', 'The AGM', 'shares', 'Contacts', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', '28 March', 'place', '10.30 CEST', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'Explanation', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'appointment', 'Veld', 'cancellation', 'company', 'behalf', 'English', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '17 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38394,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854304/0/en/Convening-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Euronext-N-V.html,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 28 March 2024 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 15 May 2024 at 10.30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2023 Updated Dutch Corporate Governance Code (discussion item) Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2023 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2023 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €2.48 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2023 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2023 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Dick Sluimers as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Appointment of Fedra Ribeiro as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Appointment of Muriel De Lathouwer as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 8) Appointment of Koen Van Loo as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 9) Composition of the Managing Board Re-appointment of Øivind Amundsen as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 10) Re-appointment of Simone Huis in ‘t Veld as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 11) Appointment of Simon Gallagher as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 12) Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 13) Proposal regarding cancellation of the company’s own shares purchased by the company under the share repurchase program (voting item 14) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body:a. to issue ordinary shares (voting item 15); andb. to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 16) Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 17) Any other business CloseThe AGM will be conducted in English.Registration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 17 April 2024  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Tuesday 7 May 2024 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 10 May 2024 by Uptevia  Assemblées Générales  90-110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle 92931 Paris La Défense Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia Corporate Trust. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Tuesday 7 May 2024 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 10 May 2024 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio ART’S – Av. D. Joao II – Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendants may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM viahttps://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20240515_1/AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2023 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsat Uptevia - Assemblées Générales – 90-110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle 92931 Paris La Défense Cedex  France - + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTSANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.comParis  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of December 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.19,0.35,0.46,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Assemblées Générales', 'Général de Gaulle', 'Paris La Défense Cedex', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Dutch Corporate Governance Code', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'Muriel De Lathouwer', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Edificio ART’S', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Koen Van Loo', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'share repurchase program', 'Uptevia Corporate Trust', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Dutch law', 'Annual report', 'ordinary share', 'share capital', 'Wednesday 15 May', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2023 remuneration report', '2023 financial statements', 'Managing Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Dick Sluimers', 'Fedra Ribeiro', 'Øivind Amundsen', 'Simone Huis', 'Simon Gallagher', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'other business', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', 'Tuesday 7 May', 'Friday 10 May', '90-110 Esplanade', 'Bloco B', 'valid admission', 'Registration date', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'The Shareholders', 'admission certificate', 'voting form', 'discussion item', 'The AGM', 'shares', 'Contacts', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', '28 March', 'place', '10.30 CEST', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'Explanation', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'appointment', 'Veld', 'cancellation', 'company', 'behalf', 'English', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '17 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38395,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2853744/0/en/ASM-unveils-its-Climate-Transition-Plan-for-reaching-its-Net-Zero-targets-by-2035.html,ASM unveils its Climate Transition Plan for reaching its Net Zero targets by 2035,Almere  The NetherlandsMarch 28  2024        ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) announces today the launch of its Climate Transition Plan......,Almere  The NetherlandsMarch 28  2024ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) announces today the launch of its Climate Transition Plan aimed at detailing its sustainability efforts with a path to reach its net-zero emissions target by 2035.ASM’s plan outlines a strategic pathway to decarbonize its operations  products  and supply chain  playing a leading role in transitioning the semiconductor industry towards an environmentally sustainable future.“Our Climate Transition Plan is not just a statement of intent; it is our blueprint for action. ASM is proud to be the first semiconductor company to receive a Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) Net Zero target verification in 2023  underscoring our commitment. With our plan aligned with this scientific standard  ASM is at the forefront of the industry’s move towards a sustainable future” remarked Benjamin Loh  President and CEO of ASM.The plan also highlights ASM’s achievements to date  including achieving 88% renewable electricity in 2023 aligned with our sourcing 100% renewable energy by 2024 target; Achieving BCA Green Mark Gold+ green building certification in Singapore; pursuing LEED Gold minimum rating for the new state-of-the-art sustainable facilities in Scottsdale  Arizona and in Dongtan  South Korea; deepened supplier engagement through the CDP Supply Chain Program; increased impact via ASM’s partnership with major semiconductor companies via Catalyze program amplifying industry-wide efforts. Notably  ASM’s leadership was recognized with a prestigious A- score for each of our most recent CDP Climate Change and Water Security submittals.ASM plans to build on these successes by focusing on renewable energy for our own operations and value chain energy needs. Innovation in product energy efficiency will additionally reduce our own and downstream operational footprint. Moving towards low-carbon procurement will reduce the impact our purchased goods.John Golightly  VP Global Head Sustainability added  “Our Climate Transition Plan is a living document that will evolve as we make progress toward reaching our net-zero target  it reflects our dedication to transparency  accountability and continuous improvement”.For more information about ASM’s Climate Transition Plan  asm.com/sustainability .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.6,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['Climate Transition Plan', 'Net Zero targets', 'ASM', 'BCA Green Mark Gold+ green building certification', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'LEED Gold minimum rating', 'recent CDP Climate Change', 'Net Zero target verification', 'VP Global Head Sustainability', 'value chain energy needs', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'CDP Supply Chain Program', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'prestigious A- score', 'Water Security submittals', 'downstream operational footprint', 'product energy efficiency', 'first semiconductor company', 'major semiconductor companies', 'Climate Transition Plan', 'art sustainable facilities', 'Catalyze program', '100% renewable energy', 'semiconductor devices', 'sustainability efforts', 'sustainable future', 'net-zero target', 'net-zero emissions', 'strategic pathway', 'leading role', 'semiconductor industry', 'scientific standard', 'Benjamin Loh', '88% renewable electricity', 'new state', 'South Korea', 'supplier engagement', 'industry-wide efforts', 'low-carbon procurement', 'John Golightly', 'living document', 'continuous improvement', 'process solutions', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'The Netherlands', '2024 target', 'Almere', 'March', 'launch', 'operations', 'products', 'environmentally', 'statement', 'intent', 'blueprint', 'action', 'commitment', 'forefront', 'move', 'President', 'CEO', 'achievements', 'date', 'sourcing', 'Singapore', 'Scottsdale', 'Arizona', 'Dongtan', 'impact', 'partnership', 'leadership', 'successes', 'Innovation', 'goods', 'progress', 'dedication', 'transparency', 'accountability', 'information', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38396,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDILIZIACROBATICA-S-P-A-47214946/news/Ediliziacrobatica-S-p-a-ACROBATICA-GROUP-CONSOLIDATED-REVENUES-UP-18-1-THE-BOARD-OF-DIREC-46313372/,Ediliziacrobatica S.p.a. :  ACROBATICA GROUP: CONSOLIDATED REVENUES UP 18.1% - THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR 2023 - PROPOSED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION OF EUR 0.15 PER SHARE,(marketscreener.com) a company specialising in double safety rope construction work  listed on Euronext Growth Milan and Euronext Growth Paris   which from 2024 will be positioned worldwide under the single brand ACROBATICA - met today to examine and approve …,"PRESS RELEASEACROBATICA GROUP: CONSOLIDATED REVENUES UP 18.1%THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR 2023PROPOSED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION OF EUR 0.15 PER SHARECONSOLIDATED REVENUES of approximately €158.8 MILLIONCONSOLIDATED EBITDA of approximately €24 MILLIONCONSOLIDATED EBIT of approximately €14.4 MILLIONNET PROFIT of approximately €6.1 MILLIONNET FINANCIAL POSITION of approximately € -57.1 MILLIONGenoa  27 March 2024 - The Board of Directors of EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A. (""Company"" or ""EDAC"")  (""Company"" or ""Acrobatica"") - a company specialising in double safety rope construction work  listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker EDAC) and Euronext Growth Paris (ticker ALEAC)  which from 2024 will be positioned worldwide under the single brand ACROBATICA - met today to examine and approve the draft financial statements and consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023  prepared in accordance with the Euronext Growth Issuers' Regulations and in compliance with international accounting standards. At the end of the Board meeting  President Simonetta Simoni  born in 1930  also tendered her resignation as President and Board Member  believing that she had fulfilled her mandate and sure that the Board of Directors will be able to appoint a new President  more than capable of taking the helm.Anna Marras  CEO of EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A. commented: ""2023 was a difficult year  but despite this  we are satisfied with the results we have achieved  which confirm our expectations  also in light of the cessation of bonuses and invoice discounting. In fact  the group's growth continued and normalised net of state incentives. Having never relied on the latter  and having committed ourselves to opening new business units and lines of business  we can now also look positively towards the near future  in which we are sure that we will continue to grow  as we have always done.I would also like to thank Simonetta Simoni  who is leaving her position as Chairman of the Acrobatica Board today. His presence was invaluable for each of us  and we'll never be able to forget the contribution she has made to the growth of the Group. This growth has never stopped and we also confirm it today  in the light of numbers that prove the soundness of our business model and investment diversification strategy  which has allowed us to remain resilient in the face of the cessation of state incentives. We are now continuing our growth path  which is leading us  step by step  to become an increasingly strong and stable group in every country where we are present  just as we have done in recent years in the Italian market  which has been the setting for the launch of our new projects and businesses.Simonetta Simoni  resigning Chairman of the Board of EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A: ""Today I leave office as Chairman of the Board of Directors of a group that I have seen born  grow and prosper  always guided by principles and values that I strongly share: believing in and supporting the younger generations to enable them to give the best of themselves. I know that I am leaving this group  of which I will continue to feel a part  in the best of hands  in full continuity with the past  certain that the path travelled so far is merely the beginning of a road that will lead Acrobatica to achieve all its objectives  the first of which is to revolutionise the construction culture throughout the world.Riccardo Banfo  Group CFO of Acrobatica: “Once again this year we have shown that  despite the difficulties in the construction industry  we have not stood still and have brilliantly overcome all the difficulties we encountered throughout the year. As a demonstration of our strength and resilience  we have decided once again this year to reward those who have continued to believe in us  by proposing to the shareholders' meeting the distribution of an ordinary dividend on 2023 profits. In 2024  we expect to start reaping further benefits from the new business opportunities whose foundations have been laid over the past two years”.CONSOLIDATEDMAIN ECONOMIC  EQUITY AND FINANCIAL RESULTSRECLASSIFIED INCOME STATEMENTRECLASSIFIED CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT (Values in thousands of euros) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Operating Revenues 158 757 134 462 Operating Costs (134 755) (100 085) EBITDA 24 002 34 377 Depreciation (7 679) (5 578) Write-downs and Provisions (1 973) (350) EBIT 14 350 28 449 Financial income and charges (3 457) (6 030) Profit/(loss) before tax 10 893 22 419 Income taxes (4 802) (7 870) Net Result 6 091 14 549 Minority interest profit (loss) for the year (193) (16) Group profit (loss) 6 284 14 565 EBITDA % 15% 26% EBIT % 9% 21% Profit/(loss) before tax % 7% 17% Net Result % 4% 11%The total consolidated revenues of the financial year 2023 increased by 18.1% and amounts to approx. €158.8 million compared to €134.5 million in 2022. The revenues of the Italian Company were recorded at the inferable market value (i.e. fair value)  i.e. net of the tax bonus transfer charges  which was inferred from the transfer agreements entered into by the Italian Companies Acrobatica Spa and Acrobatica Energy Srl during the 2023 financial year. Consolidated revenues were recorded net of the charges for the transfer of the tax bonus of € 10.3 million  thus bringing the total value of consolidated revenue to €158.8 million.The figure is exceptional considering that in February 2023 the tax credit assignments relating to the invoice discount were suspended  also taking into account the extraordinary results recorded in 2022; the growth in revenues is attributable to the signing of new contracts during 2023 (26 550 contracts)  an increase of 48% compared to 2022 (17 925 contracts); Acrobatica Spa recorded revenues of €113.6 million  the Acrobatica Energy company revenues of €32 million  the French company contributed revenues of approximately €3.9 million  the Spanish company contributed revenues of €1 million  the Enigma company recorded revenues of €7.9 million  the Monegasque company contributed revenues of €159 thousand.EBITDA (Gross Operating Margin) stood at EUR 24 million  repositioning itself on segment standards without the benefit of tax bonuses. This trend is related to the increase in Acrobatica Energy S.r.l.'s operating costs from Euro 6.7 million in 2022 to Euro 25.6 million in 2023  a growth due to the finalisation of the worksites related to Bonus 110. The parent company's EBITDA amounted to Euro 20.1 million  of which Euro 480 thousand related to intra-group transactions; the company Acrobatica Energy S.r.l. made a positive contribution to consolidated EBITDA of about Euro 6.4 million; the French company made a negative contribution to EBITDA of Euro 1.9 million. The Spanish company recorded a negative EBITDA of approximately Euro 743 000  the Monegasque company recorded a negative EBITDA of Euro 199 000; it is clear that the process of organising and adapting the foreign companies to the Group's principles is still in the development phase. Enigma Capital Investments Llc  on the other hand  contributed positively to consolidated EBITDA with a value of about Euro 723 000  demonstrating that it has quickly assimilated the Group's culture.Depreciation and amortisation of Euro 7.7 million  up from Euro 5.6 million in 2022  brings the EBIT to Euro 14.4 million  compared to Euro 28.4 million in 2022.The financial management result was negative for €3.5 million (negative for €6.0 million in 2022)  having recorded €263 thousand in financial income and €3.7 million in financial expenses.As a result of the above  the net profit for 2023 amounted to Euro 6.1 million  compared to Euro 14.6 million in the previous year.ASSET AND FINANCIAL PROFILERECLASSIFIED BALANCE SHEET AND FINANCIAL SITUATION (Values in thousands of Euro) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Inventories 1 567 970 Trade receivables 41 691 24 968 Trade payables (33 937) (40 799) Operational NWC 9 321 (14 861) Tax Credits 51 637 46 110 Other current receivables 4 582 4 191 Taxes payable (8 465) (9 401) Other current payables (9 162) (8 205) Net Working Capital 47 913 17 834 Tangible fixed assets (including utilisation rights) 24 926 20 821 Intangible fixed assets (including goodwill) 12 866 1 798 Financial assets 46 1 595 Fixed assets 37 838 24 214 Other non-current assets 6 488 660 Other non-current liabilities (5 494) (3 900) Net Invested Capital 86 745 38 808 Shareholders' Equity (29 666) (33 810) Cash and cash equivalents 11 831 26 865 Current Financial Receivables 2 882 12 249 Current financial liabilities (28 098) (16 740) Non-current financial liabilities (43 694) (27 372) Net Financial Position (57 079) (4 998) Shareholders' Equity and Net Financial Debt (86 745) (38 808) Short-term Financial Position (13 385) 22 373The net financial position ('NFP') amounted to Euro 57 million. The trend is closely related to: (i) an increase in net working capital related  mainly  to the return to a normal operating process  unrelated to the tax breaks  which ended in February 2023  which in recent years have contributed to accelerating the average collection times of receivables; (ii) the payment of dividends that took place during the first half of the year for approximately Euro 11 million; (iii) the investments made in the period  including the purchase of Enigma Capital Investments LLC at a price of Euro 5.1 million; (iv) an increase in the debt position of Acrobatica Energy S.r.l. linked to the increase in volumes and consequent financing of working capital.Lastly  it should be noted that  following the adoption of IAS/IFRS accounting standards  the Net Financial Position includes the liability for leased assets in the amount of €20.8 million (€16.9 million as of 31 December 2022) and the option to purchase 49% of Enigma Capital Investment LLC in the amount of €5.9 million.With reference to the increase in Operating Working Capital  attention is drawn to the fact that trade receivables increased by approximately Euro 16.7 million and trade payables decreased by approximately Euro 6.9 million. It should be noted that the value of payments on account is included in the item 'trade payables'. It should be noted that this combined effect is a consequence of the February 2023 tax bonus freeze.SEPARATEMAIN ECONOMIC  ASSET AND FINANCIAL DATARECLASSIFIED INCOME STATEMENTSEPARATE PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNTRECLASSIFIED (Values in thousands of Euro) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Operating Revenues 114 536 121 895 Operating Costs (94 423) (87 293) EBITDA 20 113 34 602 Depreciation (6 881) (5 162) Write-downs and Provisions (4 139) (328) EBIT 9 093 29 112 Financial income and charges (1 924) (5 973) Profit/(loss) before tax 7 169 23 139 Income taxes (3 144) (7 546) Net Result 4 025 15 593 EBITDA % 17.56% 28.39% EBIT % 7.94% 23.88% Profit/(loss) before tax % 6.26% 18.98% Net Result % 3.52% 12.79%ASSET AND FINANCIAL PROFILERECLASSIFIED BALANCE SHEET AND FINANCIAL SITUATION (Values in thousands of Euro) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Inventories 951 793 Trade receivables 37 717 19 362 Trade payables (22 467) (39 542) Operational NWC 16 201 (19 387) Tax Credits 23 936 43 222 Other current receivables 3 043 3 226 Taxes payable (5 889) (12 780) Other current payables (7 067) (3 869) Net Working Capital 30 224 10 412 Tangible fixed assets (including utilisation rights) 22 463 19 361 Intangible fixed assets (including goodwill) 976 1 040 Financial assets 13 664 6 479 Fixed assets 37 103 26 880 Other non-current assets 6 487 393 Other non-current liabilities (4 936) (3 934) Net Invested Capital 68 878 33 751 Shareholders' Equity (30 585) (36 707) Cash and cash equivalents 6 940 25 749 Current Financial Receivables 2 882 12 249 Current financial liabilities (16 943) (9 517) Non-current financial liabilities (31 172) (25 525) Net Financial Position (38 293) 2 956 Shareholders' Equity and Net Financial Debt (68 878) (33 751) Short-term Financial Position (7 121) 28 481***MAJOR EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE PERIODIn the first quarter of 2024  the company Acrobatica Smart Living S.r.l. was established  born from the joint venture between Acrobatica S.p.A. and Italsoft Group S.r.l.  an Italian leader in enabling technology for digital and energy innovation in the construction and real estate sectors dedicated to environmental sustainability and decarbonisation through energy redevelopment  energy community management and the transformation of buildings into smart buildings.BUSINESS OUTLOOK FOR THE CURRENT YEARFor 2024  the company plans  on the one hand  to continue the internationalisation process that has so far taken it to France and Spain  the Principality of Monaco and the Arab Emirates  and even to a third continent  and  at the same time  on the domestic front  to continue along the path of establishing widespread roots in the territory and developing new businesses such as photovoltaics and energy requalification  a differentiation that has proved successful.***ALLOCATION OF THE YEAR'S PROFIT AND DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION PROPOSALThe Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders' Meeting to allocate the profit for the year of EUR 4 025 168.20 as follows:allocate an amount of EUR 1 630.69 to increase the 'Legal Reserve'  which will thus reach the legal limit;set aside EUR 2 775 953.76 to retained earnings;to distribute dividends in the amount of €1 247 583.75 by awarding a unit cash dividend of €0.15 per share  gross of withholding taxes  and excluding treasury shares held in portfolio at the ex-dividend date (as of today's date  this number is equal to 27 190 shares)  with an ex-dividend date on 13 May 2024  record date on 14 May 2024 and payment date on 15 May 2024.It should be noted that  taking into account the vesting of the third tranche of 81 540 rights under the 2021-2023 Stock Grant Plan for certain beneficiaries  as described below  granting - free of charge - the same number of newly issued ordinary shares of the Company under the third and last tranche of the Plan (financial year ending on 31 December 2023)  unless one or more beneficiaries waive their rights  the number of shares entitled to receive the ordinary dividend could increase up to a maximum total amount of €1 259 814  without prejudice  in any case  to the amount of the ordinary dividend established at €0.15 per share. As a result  any incremental amount of the distribution would be deducted from the amount proposed to be set aside in retained earnings.However  the Board of Directors reserves the right to propose to the General Meeting of Shareholders during the course of the financial year a further distribution of dividends from the 2023 profit on the basis of the performance and results of 2024.VESTING AND ASSIGNMENT OF THE THIRD TRANCHE OF SHARES UNDER THE 2021-2023 STOCK GRANT PLANThe Board of Directors also verified the vesting of rights under the 2021-2023 Stock Grant Plan for Directors and employees  including managers  of the Company and/or any subsidiaries  approved by the Shareholders' Meeting on 29 November 2021. After verifying the existence of the conditions and performance objectives set forth in the Plan  the vesting of no. 81 540 rights was approved vesting - free of charge - of an equal number of newly issued shares for the third tranche of the Plan (financial year ending 31 December 2023) resulting in 8 398 765 outstanding ordinary shares with no par value.The Company will service the Stock Grant Plan through the issuance of the newly issued shares mentioned above by executing the capital increase resolved by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 29 November 2021 to service the Stock Grant Plan. The shares to service the Plan will be made available  on the basis of the share capital increase  pursuant to Article 2349 of the Italian Civil Code  in one or more instalments  through the use of special available reserves  up to a maximum amount of EUR 24 462 through the issuance of a maximum of 244 620 shares to service the Plan.It should be noted that the Plan covers a time horizon of three financial years (until 31 December 2023) and the Plan allows the beneficiaries' attention to be focused on factors of strategic interest  fostering loyalty and providing incentives to remain with the Company. Through the adoption of the Stock Grant Plan  the Company intends to promote and pursue the following objectives: to align the remuneration of beneficiaries with the interests of shareholders; to retain and incentivise human resources deemed relevant for the Group  while creating a valid retention and attraction tool; to retain management towards decisions that pursue the creation of value for the Group in the medium-long term and contribute to the growth of sustainable value in a perspective compatible with the Group's business development strategies.The Company will publish the notice of change in the share capital following the filing of the capital increase with the Companies' Register of Milano Monza Brianza Lodi within the terms set forth by law.PROPOSAL TO AUTHORISE THE PURCHASE OF TREASURY SHARESThe Board of Directors resolved today to submit to the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting the proposal to authorise the purchase and disposal of treasury shares  subject to revocation of the previous authorisation granted on 26 April 2023 for the portion not executed. The authorisation to purchase treasury shares is requested for a period of 18 months  starting from the date of any resolution approving the proposal by the Shareholders' Meeting  convened on first call on 29 April 2024  while the authorisation to dispose of any treasury shares purchased is requested without time limits in order to allow the Board of Directors to avail itself of maximum flexibility  also in terms of timing  to carry out the acts of disposition of the shares.The purpose of the proposed authorisation to purchase and dispose of the ordinary shares is to allow the Company to purchase and dispose of the ordinary shares  in compliance with applicable EU and national laws and accepted market practices recognised by Consob and  in particular: (i) in the possibility of sustaining the liquidity of the shares themselves in compliance with the criteria set forth by the laws and regulations  also by carrying out  through the use of intermediaries  any investment transactions also in order to contain abnormal price movements  to regularise the trend of negotiations and prices  so as to favour the regular course of negotiations outside of the normal variations linked to market trends; (ii) in the efficient use of the Company's liquidity with a view to medium and long-term investments; (iii) in the use of shares in the context of transactions related to ordinary operations or of projects consistent with the Company's strategic guidelines  in relation to which the opportunity for share exchanges arises; (iv) in allowing the purchase of shares from the beneficiaries of any stock-option plans and/or the possibility of implementing stock-grant plans; (v) in being able to dispose of treasury shares in line with the strategic lines that the Company intends to pursue  as consideration in the context of any transactions of an extraordinary nature  such as  but not limited to  acquisitions  mergers  demergers  etc.  and/or for other uses deemed of financial/management and/or strategic interest for the Company itself  including the exchange of shareholdings with other parties in the context of operations of interest to the Company; and (vi) offer shareholders an additional instrument of remuneration for their investment.Authorisation is requested for the purchase of treasury shares  in one or more instalments  up to a maximum number that  taking into account the EdiliziAcrobatica shares held from time to time in the portfolio by the Company and its subsidiaries  does not exceed a total of 10% of the Company's share capital and for a maximum countervalue of EUR 2.5 million.The purchase transactions will be carried out in compliance with articles 2357 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code  article 25-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulation  article 132 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  article 144-bis of the Regulation adopted by Consob with resolution 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended  and any other applicable rules  including the rules set forth in Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  as well as accepted market practices  where applicable.For any further information on the proposal to authorise the purchase and disposal of treasury shares  please refer to the Board of Directors' Explanatory Report to the Shareholders' Meeting  which will be published on the website www.acrobaticagroup.com  Investors section  as well as on the website www.borsaitaliana.it  Shares/Documents section  within the limits of the law.Please note that the Company currently holds 27 190 treasury shares in its portfolio  equal to approximately 0.30% of the current share capital  in relation to which a request will be made to the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting for authorisation to dispose of them.APPROVED THE QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE CRITERIA FOR THE ASSESSMENT OF INDEPENDENCE PURSUANT TO ART. 6-BIS OF THE EGM ISSUERS' REGULATIONThe Company announces that in compliance with the amendments made by notice No. 43747 published on 17 November 2023 by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. to Article 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations  which came into force on 4 December 2023  the Company's Board of Directors has defined the quantitative and qualifying criteria on the basis of which to assess the significance  including economic significance  of the relationships potentially relevant for the purposes of assessing the independence of Directors (the ""Policy"").The Policy is available on the Company's website at www.acrobaticagroup.com  Investors sectionRESIGNATION OF CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD SIMONETTA SIMONIAt the end of the Board of Directors meeting  the current Chairman Simonetta Simoni also tendered her resignation as Chairman and Director  which will be effective as of the date of integration of the Board.The Board  taking note of the resignation  and thanking Ms Simoni for her work on behalf of the Company in recent years  will meet as soon as possible to co-opt a director and appoint a new Chairman in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association and the Italian Civil Code.FILING OF DOCUMENTATIONThe notice of call and the related documentation required by the applicable regulations  including the draft financial statements as at 31 December 2023  the management report  the directors' reports on the items on the agenda of the Shareholders' Meeting  the report of the Board of Statutory Auditors  and the independent auditors' report  will be available to the public  within the terms set forth by law  at the Company's registered office located at Viale Brigate Partigiane 18/2A  16121 Genoa  as well as through publication on the institutional website www.acrobaticagroup.com  Investor Relations section  and on the authorised storage mechanism 1INFO (www.1info.it).It should be noted that the audit of the draft financial statements has not yet been finalised and that the auditor's report will therefore be made available within the legal deadlines.***This press release is available in the Investor Relations section of the website www.acrobaticagroup.com.***EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A. is the leading company in the exterior renovation sector. Founded in Genoa in 1994 by Riccardo Iovino and guided today by Anna Marras  Group CEO  the company currently has around 2 500 employees and more than 150 operating areas in Italy  France  Spain  the Principality of Monaco  the United Arab Emirates  Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. The double safety rope technique makes it possible to do construction work while offering the end customer efficient  safe and sustainable services. Listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market since November 2018 and on the Euronext Growth Paris market since February 2019  ACROBATICA has integrated the principles of sustainability into its Business Model  guaranteeing a naturally sustainable service and a responsible approach that pursues the well-being and satisfaction of its internal and external stakeholders  and in 2022 it earned an ESG Rating that places it among the lowest-risk companies in its cluster of reference.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mWibkp1vlGecm2mfaZhtbZJoa2pplWiUm5OayGpsa8mXnXCWmpdkaJucZnFlnWVr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84805-pr_acrobatica-group_board-of-director-approves-the-draft-financial-statement-and-consolidated-financial-statement-for-2023.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.22,0.11,True,English,"['Ediliziacrobatica S.p.a', 'DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENT', 'CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT', 'CONSOLIDATED REVENUES', 'ACROBATICA GROUP', 'DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'PROPOSED', 'EUR', 'SHARE', '2023', 'double safety rope construction work', 'EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A.', ""Euronext Growth Issuers' Regulations"", 'tax bonus transfer charges', 'RECLASSIFIED CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT', 'RECLASSIFIED INCOME STATEMENT', 'international accounting standards', 'investment diversification strategy', 'DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENT', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT', 'inferable market value', '4,549 Minority interest profit', 'new business units', 'new business opportunities', 'PROPOSED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION', 'past two years', 'total consolidated revenues', 'President Simonetta Simoni', 'NET FINANCIAL POSITION', 'Financial income', 'financial statements', 'construction culture', 'construction industry', '419 Income taxes', 'new President', 'recent years', 'Italian market', 'new projects', 'ordinary dividend', 'fair value', 'business model', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'single brand', 'Anna Marras', 'invoice discounting', 'state incentives', 'near future', 'younger generations', 'full continuity', 'Riccardo Banfo', 'FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'Operating Revenues', '462 Operating Costs', 'Net Result', 'financial year', 'NET PROFIT', 'CONSOLIDATED EBITDA', 'growth path', 'difficult year', 'stable group', 'Group CFO', 'Board meeting', 'Board Member', 'Group profit', 'Italian Company', 'ACROBATICA GROUP', 'Acrobatica Board', 'THE', 'DIRECTORS', 'SHARE', 'MILLION', 'Genoa', 'EDAC', 'ticker', 'ALEAC', '31 December', 'accordance', 'compliance', 'resignation', 'mandate', 'helm', 'CEO', 'expectations', 'light', 'cessation', 'bonuses', 'fact', 'lines', 'Chairman', 'presence', 'contribution', 'numbers', 'soundness', 'face', 'step', 'strong', 'country', 'setting', 'launch', 'businesses', 'office', 'principles', 'values', 'part', 'hands', 'beginning', 'road', 'objectives', 'world', 'difficulties', 'demonstration', 'strength', 'resilience', '2023 profits', 'benefits', 'foundations', 'EQUITY', 'thousands', 'euros', '377 Depreciation', 'Write-downs', 'Provisions', 'loss']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38397,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2853773/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-March-21-March-27-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details March 21 – March 27  2024,Share Buyback Transaction Details March 21 – March 27  2024  March 28  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert......,Share Buyback Transaction Details March 21 – March 27  2024March 28  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 156 678 of its own ordinary shares in the period from March 21  2024  up to and including March 27  2024  for €22.8 million and at an average share price of €145.57.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 1 808 731 257.1 142.13For the period starting February 23  2024  up to and including April 29  2024  we have engaged a third party to execute €205 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 (0) 7765-391-824 t + 31 (0)172-641-407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'March', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'External Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'March', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'April', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '44', '31']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38398,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2853743/34483/en/Cnova-N-V-Change-to-the-Board-of-Directors.html,Cnova N.V. : Change to the Board of Directors,CNOVA N.V.Change to the Board of Directors   AMSTERDAM – March 28  2024  08:15 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the......,CNOVA N.V.Change to the Board of DirectorsAMSTERDAM – March 28  2024  08:15 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) today announces a change to its Board of Directors.The Company’s Chairman  non-executive director and member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  Mr. Jean-Yves Haagen  and Mrs. Josseline de Clausade  non-executive director  resigned their directorship as per March 27  2024.The Company’s Board of Directors and management are most grateful to Mr. Haagen and Mrs. de Clausade for their valuable contributions to the Company.The Company also noted that on March 27  2024 its controlling shareholder  Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.  issued a press release related to the finalization of its restructuring. This press release is available on the Company’s website - https://www.cnova.com/investor-relations/press-releases.***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 7.5 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel and entertainment services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-Logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Casino group  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94 Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel : +33 6 17 76 79 71Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', 'Change', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'Mrs. Josseline de Clausade', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'CET Cnova N.V.', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'Mrs. de Clausade', '7.5 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'French ecommerce leader', 'innovative payment solutions', 'Mr. Jean-Yves Haagen', 'Mr. Haagen', 'Casino group', 'Media contact', 'Service solutions', 'French law', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-executive director', 'Remuneration Committee', 'valuable contributions', 'controlling shareholder', 'press release', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'entertainment services', 'B2B clients', 'advertising services', 'gereglementeerde informatie', 'financieel toezicht', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'The Company', 'art website', 'news releases', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'Change', 'Board', 'Directors', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'CNV', 'Chairman', 'member', 'Nomination', 'management', 'finalization', 'restructuring', 'investor-relations', 'state', 'product', 'fast', 'practical', 'travel', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-Logistics', 'part', 'sites', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'Tel', 'directiondelacommunication', 'vae', 'solis', 'Attachment', '08', '33']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38399,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDILIZIACROBATICA-S-P-A-47214946/news/ACROBATICA-GROUP-CONSOLIDATED-REVENUES-UP-18-1-THE-BOARD-OF-DIRECTORS-APPROVES-THE-DRAFT-FINANCI-46314113/,ACROBATICA GROUP: CONSOLIDATED REVENUES UP 18.1% - THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR 2023 - PROPOSED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION OF EUR 0.15 PER SHARE,(marketscreener.com) a company specialising in double safety rope construction work  listed on Euronext Growth Milan and Euronext Growth Paris   which from 2024 will be positioned worldwide under the single brand ACROBATICA - met today to examine and approve …,"PRESS RELEASEACROBATICA GROUP: CONSOLIDATED REVENUES UP 18.1%THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND CONSOLIDATEDFINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR 2023PROPOSED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION OF EUR 0.15 PER SHARE CONSOLIDATED REVENUES of approximately €158.8 MILLION CONSOLIDATED EBITDA of approximately €24 MILLION CONSOLIDATED EBIT of approximately €14.4 MILLION NET PROFIT of approximately €6.1 MILLION NET FINANCIAL POSITION of approximately € -57.1 MILLIONGenoa  27 March 2024 - The Board of Directors of EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A. ( Company"" or ""EDAC"")  (""Company"" or""Acrobatica"") - a company specialising in double safety rope construction work  listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker EDAC) and Euronext Growth Paris (ticker ALEAC)  which from 2024 will be positioned worldwide under the single brand ACROBATICA - met today to examine and approve the draft financial statements and consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023  prepared in accordance with the Euronext Growth Issuers' Regulations and in compliance with international accounting standards. At the end of the Board meeting  President Simonetta Simoni  born in 1930  also tendered her resignation as President and Board Member  believing that she had fulfilled her mandate and sure that the Board of Directors will be able to appoint a new President  more than capable of taking the helm.Anna Marras  CEO of EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A. commented: ""2023 was a difficult year  but despite this  we are satisfied with the results we have achieved  which confirm our expectations  also in light of the cessation of bonuses and invoice discounting. In fact  the group's growth continued and normalised net of state incentives. Having never relied on the latter  and having committed ourselves to opening new business units and lines of business  we can now also look positively towards the near future  in which we are sure that we will continue to grow  as we have always done.I would also like to thank Simonetta Simoni  who is leaving her position as Chairman of the Acrobatica Board today. His presence was invaluable for each of us  and we'll never be able to forget the contribution she has made to the growth of the Group. This growth has never stopped and we also confirm it today  in the light of numbers that prove the soundness of our business model and investment diversification strategy  which has allowed us to remain resilient in the face of the cessation of state incentives. We are now continuing our growth path  which is leading us  step by step  to become an increasingly strong and stable group in every country where we are present  just as we have done in recent years in the Italian market  which has been the setting for the launch of our new projects and businesses.Simonetta Simoni  resigning Chairman of the Board of EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A: ""Today I leave office as Chairman of the Board of Directors of a group that I have seen born  grow and prosper  always guided by principles and values that I strongly share: believing in and supporting the younger generations to enable them to give the best of themselves. I know that I am leaving this group  of which I will continue to feel a part  in the best of hands  infull continuity with the past  certain that the path travelled so far is merely the beginning of a road that will lead Acrobatica to achieve all its objectives  the first of which is to revolutionise the construction culture throughout the world.Riccardo Banfo  Group CFO of Acrobatica: ""Once again this year we have shown that  despite the difficulties in the construction industry  we have not stood still and have brilliantly overcome all the difficulties we encountered throughout the year. As a demonstration of our strength and resilience  we have decided once again this year to reward those who have continued to believe in us  by proposing to the shareholders' meeting the distribution of an ordinary dividend on 2023 profits. In 2024  we expect to start reaping further benefits from the new business opportunities whose foundations have been laid over the past two years"".CONSOLIDATEDMAIN ECONOMIC  EQUITY AND FINANCIAL RESULTS RECLASSIFIED INCOME STATEMENTOperating Revenues Operating Costs158 757 (134 755)134 462 (100 085)DepreciationWrite-downs and Provisions(7 679) (1 973)(5 578) (350)Financial income and chargesIncome taxesMinority interest profit (loss) for the year Group profit (loss)EBITDA %EBIT %Profit/(loss) before tax % Net Result %(193) 6 284 15% 9% 7% 4%(16) 14 56526% 21% 17% 11%The total consolidated revenues of the financial year 2023 increased by 18.1% and amounts to approx. €158.8 million compared to €134.5 million in 2022. The revenues of the Italian Company were recorded at the inferable market value (i.e. fair value)  i.e. net of the tax bonus transfer charges  which was inferred from the transfer agreementsentered into by the Italian Companies Acrobatica Spa and Acrobatica Energy Srl during the 2023 financial year. Consolidated revenues were recorded net of the charges for the transfer of the tax bonus of € 10.3 million  thus bringing the total value of consolidated revenue to €158.8 million.The figure is exceptional considering that in February 2023 the tax credit assignments relating to the invoice discount were suspended  also taking into account the extraordinary results recorded in 2022; the growth in revenues is attributable to the signing of new contracts during 2023 (26 550 contracts)  an increase of 48% compared to 2022 (17 925 contracts); Acrobatica Spa recorded revenues of €113.6 million  the Acrobatica Energy company revenues of €32 million  the French company contributed revenues of approximately €3.9 million  the Spanish company contributed revenues of €1 million  the Enigma company recorded revenues of €7.9 million  the Monegasque company contributed revenues of €159 thousand.EBITDA (Gross Operating Margin) stood at EUR 24 million  repositioning itself on segment standards without the benefit of tax bonuses. This trend is related to the increase in Acrobatica Energy S.r.l.'s operating costs from Euro 6.7 million in 2022 to Euro 25.6 million in 2023  a growth due to the finalisation of the worksites related to Bonus 110. The parent company's EBITDA amounted to Euro 20.1 million  of which Euro 480 thousand related to intra-group transactions; the company Acrobatica Energy S.r.l. made a positive contribution to consolidated EBITDA of about Euro 6.4 million; the French company made a negative contribution to EBITDA of Euro 1.9 million. The Spanish company recorded a negative EBITDA of approximately Euro 743 000  the Monegasque company recorded a negative EBITDA of Euro 199 000; it is clear that the process of organising and adapting the foreign companies to the Group's principles is still in the development phase. Enigma Capital Investments Llc  on the other hand  contributed positively to consolidated EBITDA with a value of about Euro 723 000  demonstrating that it has quickly assimilated the Group's culture.Depreciation and amortisation of Euro 7.7 million  up from Euro 5.6 million in 2022  brings the EBIT to Euro 14.4 million  compared to Euro 28.4 million in 2022.The financial management result was negative for €3.5 million (negative for €6.0 million in 2022)  having recorded €263 thousand in financial income and €3.7 million in financial expenses.As a result of the above  the net profit for 2023 amounted to Euro 6.1 million  compared to Euro 14.6 million in the previous year.ASSET AND FINANCIAL PROFILEInventories Trade receivables Trade payables1 567 41 691 (33 937)970 24 968 (40 799)Tax CreditsOther current receivables Taxes payableOther current payables51 637 4 582 (8 465) (9 162)46 110 4 191 (9 401) (8 205)Tangible fixed assets (including utilisation rights) Intangible fixed assets (including goodwill) Financial assets24 926 12 866 46Other non-current assets Other non-current liabilities6 488 (5 494)20 821 1 798 1 595 660 (3 900)Shareholders' EquityCash and cash equivalents Current Financial Receivables Current financial liabilities Non-current financial liabilitiesThe net financial position ('NFP') amounted to Euro 57 million. The trend is closely related to: (i) an increase in net working capital related  mainly  to the return to a normal operating process  unrelated to the tax breaks  which ended in February 2023  which in recent years have contributed to accelerating the average collection times of receivables; (ii) the payment of dividends that took place during the first half of the year for approximately Euro 11 million; (iii) the investments made in the period  including the purchase of Enigma Capital Investments LLC at a price of Euro 5.1 million; (iv) an increase in the debt position of Acrobatica Energy S.r.l. linked to the increase in volumes and consequent financing of working capital.Lastly  it should be noted that  following the adoption of IAS/IFRS accounting standards  the Net Financial Position includes the liability for leased assets in the amount of €20.8 million (€16.9 million as of 31 December 2022) and the option to purchase 49% of Enigma Capital Investment LLC in the amount of €5.9 million.With reference to the increase in Operating Working Capital  attention is drawn to the fact that trade receivables increased by approximately Euro 16.7 million and trade payables decreased by approximately Euro 6.9 million. It should be noted that the value of payments on account is included in the item 'trade payables'. It should be noted that this combined effect is a consequence of the February 2023 tax bonus freeze.SEPARATEMAIN ECONOMIC  ASSET AND FINANCIAL DATA RECLASSIFIED INCOME STATEMENTOperating Revenues Operating Costs114 536 (94 423)121 895 (87 293)DepreciationWrite-downs and ProvisionsFinancial income and chargesIncome taxesEBITDA % EBIT %Profit/(loss) before tax % Net Result %17.56% 7.94% 6.26% 3.52%28.39% 23.88% 18.98% 12.79%ASSET AND FINANCIAL PROFILEInventories Trade receivables Trade payables951 37 717793 19 362(22 467) (39 542)Tax CreditsOther current receivables23 936 43 2223 043 3 226Taxes payable (5 889) (12 780)Other current payables(7 067) (3 869)Tangible fixed assets (including utilisation rights) Intangible fixed assets (including goodwill) Financial assets22 463 19 361 976 1 040 13 664 6 479Other non-current assets Other non-current liabilities6 487 393(4 936) (3 934)Cash and cash equivalents Current Financial Receivables Current financial liabilities Non-current financial liabilities6 940 25 7492 882 12 249(16 943) (9 517) (31 172) (25 525)MAJOR EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE PERIOD***In the first quarter of 2024  the company Acrobatica Smart Living S.r.l. was established  born from the joint venture between Acrobatica S.p.A. and Italsoft Group S.r.l.  an Italian leader in enabling technology for digital and energy innovation in the construction and real estate sectors dedicated to environmental sustainability and decarbonisation through energy redevelopment  energy community management and the transformation of buildings into smart buildings.BUSINESS OUTLOOK FOR THE CURRENT YEARFor 2024  the company plans  on the one hand  to continue the internationalisation process that has so far taken it to France and Spain  the Principality of Monaco and the Arab Emirates  and even to a third continent  and  at the same time  on the domestic front  to continue along the path of establishing widespread roots in the territory and developing new businesses such as photovoltaics and energy requalification  a differentiation that has proved successful.***ALLOCATION OF THE YEAR'S PROFIT AND DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION PROPOSALThe Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders' Meeting to allocate the profit for the year of EUR 4 025 168.20 as follows: allocate an amount of EUR 1 630.69 to increase the 'Legal Reserve'  which will thus reach the legal limit; set aside EUR 2 775 953.76 to retained earnings; to distribute dividends in the amount of €1 247 583.75 by awarding a unit cash dividend of €0.15 per share  gross of withholding taxes  and excluding treasury shares held in portfolio at the ex-dividend date (as of today's date  this number is equal to 27 190 shares)  with an ex-dividend date on 13 May 2024  record date on 14 May 2024 and payment date on 15 May 2024.It should be noted that  taking into account the vesting of the third tranche of 81 540 rights under the 2021-2023 Stock Grant Plan for certain beneficiaries  as described below  granting - free of charge - the same number of newly issued ordinary shares of the Company under the third and last tranche of the Plan (financial year ending on 31 December 2023)  unless one or more beneficiaries waive their rights  the number of shares entitled to receive the ordinary dividend could increase up to a maximum total amount of €1 259 814  without prejudice  in any case  to the amount of the ordinary dividend established at €0.15 per share. As a result  any incremental amount of the distribution would be deducted from the amount proposed to be set aside in retained earnings.However  the Board of Directors reserves the right to propose to the General Meeting of Shareholders during the course of the financial year a further distribution of dividends from the 2023 profit on the basis of the performance and results of 2024.VESTING AND ASSIGNMENT OF THE THIRD TRANCHE OF SHARES UNDER THE 2021-2023 STOCK GRANT PLANThe Board of Directors also verified the vesting of rights under the 2021-2023 Stock Grant Plan for Directors and employees  including managers  of the Company and/or any subsidiaries  approved by the Shareholders' Meeting on 29 November 2021. After verifying the existence of the conditions and performance objectives set forth in the Plan  the vesting of no. 81 540 rights was approved vesting - free of charge - of an equal number of newly issued shares for the third tranche of the Plan (financial year ending 31 December 2023) resulting in 8 398 765 outstanding ordinary shares with no par value.The Company will service the Stock Grant Plan through the issuance of the newly issued shares mentioned above by executing the capital increase resolved by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 29 November 2021 to service the Stock Grant Plan. The shares to service the Plan will be made available  on the basis of the share capital increase  pursuant to Article 2349 of the Italian Civil Code  in one or more instalments  through the use of special available reserves  up to a maximum amount of EUR 24 462 through the issuance of a maximum of 244 620 shares to service the Plan.It should be noted that the Plan covers a time horizon of three financial years (until 31 December 2023) and the Plan allows the beneficiaries' attention to be focused on factors of strategic interest  fostering loyalty and providing incentives to remain with the Company. Through the adoption of the Stock Grant Plan  the Company intends to promote and pursue the following objectives: to align the remuneration of beneficiaries with the interests ofshareholders; to retain and incentivise human resources deemed relevant for the Group  while creating a valid retention and attraction tool; to retain management towards decisions that pursue the creation of value for the Group in the medium-long term and contribute to the growth of sustainable value in a perspective compatible with the Group's business development strategies.The Company will publish the notice of change in the share capital following the filing of the capital increase with the Companies' Register of Milano Monza Brianza Lodi within the terms set forth by law.PROPOSAL TO AUTHORISE THE PURCHASE OF TREASURY SHARESThe Board of Directors resolved today to submit to the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting the proposal to authorise the purchase and disposal of treasury shares  subject to revocation of the previous authorisation granted on 26 April 2023 for the portion not executed. The authorisation to purchase treasury shares is requested for a period of 18 months  starting from the date of any resolution approving the proposal by the Shareholders' Meeting  convened on first call on 29 April 2024  while the authorisation to dispose of any treasury shares purchased is requested without time limits in order to allow the Board of Directors to avail itself of maximum flexibility  also in terms of timing  to carry out the acts of disposition of the shares.The purpose of the proposed authorisation to purchase and dispose of the ordinary shares is to allow the Company to purchase and dispose of the ordinary shares  in compliance with applicable EU and national laws and accepted market practices recognised by Consob and  in particular: (i) in the possibility of sustaining the liquidity of the shares themselves in compliance with the criteria set forth by the laws and regulations  also by carrying out  through the use of intermediaries  any investment transactions also in order to contain abnormal price movements  to regularise the trend of negotiations and prices  so as to favour the regular course of negotiations outside of the normal variations linked to market trends; (ii) in the efficient use of the Company's liquidity with a view to medium and long-term investments; (iii) in the use of shares in the context of transactions related to ordinary operations or of projects consistent with the Company's strategic guidelines  in relation to which the opportunity for share exchanges arises; (iv) in allowing the purchase of shares from the beneficiaries of any stock-option plans and/or the possibility of implementing stock-grant plans; (v) in being able to dispose of treasury shares in line with the strategic lines that the Company intends to pursue  as consideration in the context of any transactions of an extraordinary nature  such as  but not limited to  acquisitions  mergers  demergers  etc.  and/or for other uses deemed of financial/management and/or strategic interest for the Company itself  including the exchange of shareholdings with other parties in the context of operations of interest to the Company; and (vi) offer shareholders an additional instrument of remuneration for their investment.Authorisation is requested for the purchase of treasury shares  in one or more instalments  up to a maximum number that  taking into account the EdiliziAcrobatica shares held from time to time in the portfolio by the Company and its subsidiaries  does not exceed a total of 10% of the Company's share capital and for a maximum countervalue of EUR 2.5 million.The purchase transactions will be carried out in compliance with articles 2357 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code  article 25-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulation  article 132 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  article 144-bis of the Regulation adopted by Consob with resolution 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended  and any other applicable rules  including the rules set forth in Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  as well as accepted market practices  where applicable.For any further information on the proposal to authorise the purchase and disposal of treasury shares  please refer to the Board of Directors' Explanatory Report to the Shareholders' Meeting  which will be published on the websitewww.acrobaticagroup.com  Investors section  as well as on the website www.borsaitaliana.it  Shares/Documents section  within the limits of the law.Please note that the Company currently holds 27 190 treasury shares in its portfolio  equal to approximately 0.30% of the current share capital  in relation to which a request will be made to the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting for authorisation to dispose of them.APPROVED THE QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE CRITERIA FOR THE ASSESSMENT OF INDEPENDENCE PURSUANT TO ART. 6-BIS OF THE EGM ISSUERS' REGULATIONThe Company announces that in compliance with the amendments made by notice No. 43747 published on 17 November 2023 by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. to Article 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations  which came into force on 4 December 2023  the Company's Board of Directors has defined the quantitative and qualifying criteria on the basis of which to assess the significance  including economic significance  of the relationships potentially relevant for the purposes of assessing the independence of Directors (the ""Policy"").The Policy is available on the Company's website atwww.acrobaticagroup.com  Investors section ***RESIGNATION OF CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD SIMONETTA SIMONIAt the end of the Board of Directors meeting  the current Chairman Simonetta Simoni also tendered her resignation as Chairman and Director  which will be effective as of the date of integration of the Board.The Board  taking note of the resignation  and thanking Ms Simoni for her work on behalf of the Company in recent years  will meet as soon as possible to co-opt a director and appoint a new Chairman in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association and the Italian Civil Code.FILING OF DOCUMENTATIONThe notice of call and the related documentation required by the applicable regulations  including the draft financial statements as at 31 December 2023  the management report  the directors' reports on the items on the agenda of the Shareholders' Meeting  the report of the Board of Statutory Auditors  and the independent auditors' report  will be available to the public  within the terms set forth by law  at the Company's registered office located at Viale Brigate Partigiane 18/2A  16121 Genoa  as well as through publication on the institutional websitewww.acrobaticagroup.com  Investor Relations section  and on the authorised storage mechanism 1INFO (www.1info.it).It should be noted that the audit of the draft financial statements has not yet been finalised and that the auditor's report will therefore be made available within the legal deadlines.***This press release is available in the Investor Relations section of the websitewww.acrobaticagroup.com.***EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A. is the leading company in the exterior renovation sector. Founded in Genoa in 1994 by Riccardo Iovino and guided today by Anna Marras  Group CEO  the company currently has around 2 500 employees and more than 150 operating areas in Italy  France  Spain  the Principality of Monaco  the United Arab Emirates  Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. The double safety rope technique makes it possible to do construction work while offering the end customer efficient  safe and sustainable services. Listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market since November 2018 and on the Euronext Growth Paris market since February 2019  ACROBATICA has integrated the principles of sustainability into its Business Model  guaranteeing a naturally sustainable service and a responsible approach that pursues the well-being and satisfaction of its internal and external stakeholders  and in 2022 it earned an ESG Rating that places it among the lowest-risk companies in its cluster of reference.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.26,0.12,True,English,"['DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENT', 'CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT', 'CONSOLIDATED REVENUES', 'ACROBATICA GROUP', 'DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'PROPOSED', 'EUR', 'SHARE', '2023', 'double safety rope construction work', 'FINANCIAL RESULTS RECLASSIFIED INCOME STATEMENT', 'EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A.', 'Operating Revenues Operating Costs', ""Euronext Growth Issuers' Regulations"", 'tax bonus transfer charges', 'Italian Companies Acrobatica Spa', 'DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENT', 'international accounting standards', 'investment diversification strategy', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Minority interest profit', 'inferable market value', 'Acrobatica Energy Srl', 'new business units', 'new business opportunities', 'PROPOSED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION', 'past two years', 'total consolidated revenues', 'President Simonetta Simoni', 'NET FINANCIAL POSITION', 'year Group profit', 'Financial income', 'financial statements', 'Italian market', 'construction culture', 'construction industry', 'Income taxes', 'transfer agreementsentered', 'financial year', 'new President', 'recent years', 'new projects', 'ordinary dividend', 'fair value', 'NET PROFIT', 'business model', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'CONSOLIDATED EBIT', 'single brand', 'Anna Marras', 'difficult year', 'invoice discounting', 'state incentives', 'near future', 'younger generations', 'infull continuity', 'Riccardo Banfo', 'Italian Company', 'growth path', 'stable group', 'Group CFO', 'ACROBATICA GROUP', 'Board meeting', 'Board Member', 'Acrobatica Board', 'EBITDA', 'THE', 'DIRECTORS', 'SHARE', '8 MILLION', '4 MILLION', '1 MILLION', 'Genoa', 'EDAC', 'ticker', 'ALEAC', '31 December', 'accordance', 'compliance', 'resignation', 'mandate', 'helm', 'CEO', 'expectations', 'light', 'cessation', 'bonuses', 'fact', 'lines', 'Chairman', 'presence', 'contribution', 'numbers', 'soundness', 'face', 'step', 'strong', 'country', 'setting', 'launch', 'businesses', 'office', 'principles', 'values', 'part', 'hands', 'beginning', 'road', 'objectives', 'world', 'difficulties', 'demonstration', 'strength', 'resilience', '2023 profits', 'benefits', 'foundations', 'EQUITY', 'Depreciation', 'Write-downs', 'Provisions', 'loss']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38400,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5492204720259176,Exclusive Networks announces a major step in its growth strategy in APAC with NEXTGEN Group acquisition,Exclusive Networks announces a major step in its growth strategy in APAC with NEXTGEN Group acquisition           PR Newswire           SYDNEY       March 28  2024   /PRNewswire/ -- Exclusive Networks (Euronext Paris: EXN)  a global leader in cybersecu...,"SYDNEY   March 28  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Exclusive Networks (Euronext Paris: EXN)  a global leader in cybersecurity  announced the signature of a binding agreement for the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of NEXTGEN Group (""NEXTGEN"")  a leading hyper-growth channel services company focused on cybersecurity  data resiliency and digital enterprise in Australia and New Zealand with presence across APAC.Headquartered in Sydney  Australia   NEXTGEN was founded in 2011 and has 190 employees across APAC. In FY-23  ending June 30 th   2023  NEXTGEN generated Gross Sales of AU$266m (€160 m)  with expected double-digit growth for the years to come.This operation fits perfectly with Exclusive Networks' external growth strategy.NEXTGEN presents a promising hyper growth vendor portfolio  coupled with a wide array of services. This value-enhancing transaction will make Exclusive Networks a clear go to market leader in Australia and New Zealand generating commercial and financial synergies thanks to the complementarity nature of the two companies.The combination of NEXTGEN and Exclusive Networks will offer unique end-to-end value-added channel management services  supported by real-time data analytics and AI-backed insights  benefiting the entire APAC region and providing Exclusive Networks with the ability to roll-out digital channel services at a global scale.NEXTGEN's strong expertise in cloud migration assessment  digital marketing and lead generation solutions will expand Exclusive Networks' value proposition by leveraging NEXTGEN's in-house state-of-the-art platforms and developed initiatives with hyperscalers  laying the foundations for the next phase of growth.Following the acquisition  Exclusive Networks' presence in Australia and New Zealand will be more than doubled and  based on FY pro-forma figures as of Dec 31  2023   the combined entity would have represented gross sales of around €615m in APAC  a region with attractive growth prospects and a total addressable market estimated at $10 bn in 2023 [1] .The closing of the transaction is subject to customary conditions precedent and is expected to be finalized during the second quarter of 2024.Jesper Trolle   CEO of Exclusive Networks  commented :""This acquisition is a major step forward in our growth strategy in APAC  it significantly strengthens our business and allows us to expand and develop further our value proposition. We are very pleased to welcome John Walters and NEXTGEN's highly talented teams to the Group and look forward to working with them. Together  we will aim to create a regional leader and break new ground. The combination of resources and experience will help accelerate our growth and competitiveness in this very dynamic market and beyond.""John Walters   Founder and CEO of NEXTGEN Group added :"" To capture the next phase of NEXTGEN Group's exciting growth  we had to find the right global partner that brings the appropriate investment into our model and aligns with our culture. Exclusive Networks  led by Jesper  aligns strongly with our shared ambitions and values  including a passion for innovation and an entrepreneurial spirit.After 13 years of building a business from start-up  it is with great confidence and enthusiasm that we begin this new phase with Exclusive Networks. This step marks the start of an exciting new chapter in which our growth will be accelerated by the resources and expertise of a global cybersecurity leader. ""About Exclusive NetworksExclusive Networks (EXN) is a global cybersecurity specialist that provides partners and end-customers with a wide range of services and product portfolios via proven routes to market. With offices in over 47 countries and the ability to serve customers in over 170 countries  we combine a local perspective with the scale and delivery of a single global organization.Our best-in-class vendor portfolio is carefully curated with all leading industry players. Our services range from managed security to specialist technical accreditation and training and capitalize on rapidly evolving technologies and changing business models. For more information visit www.exclusive-networks.com .About NEXTGEN GroupThrough a unique  next-generation business model  NEXTGEN Group helps drive growth for technology vendors  reseller partners  and end-customers. We specialise in offering a carefully curated and complementary portfolio of leading enterprise software and value-added cloud solutions.Our collaborative approach makes it easy for technology partners to do business with scaling startups through to globally recognised blue-chip vendors offering innovative and evolving product solutions and services.[1] Company data.View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/exclusive-networks-announces-a-major-step-in-its-growth-strategy-in-apac-with-nextgen-group-acquisition-302102193.htmlSOURCE NEXTGEN Distribution Pty Ltd",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['NEXTGEN Group acquisition', 'Exclusive Networks', 'major step', 'growth strategy', 'APAC', 'SOURCE NEXTGEN Distribution Pty Ltd', 'promising hyper growth vendor portfolio', 'end value-added channel management services', 'leading hyper-growth channel services company', 'unique, next-generation business model', ""Exclusive Networks' value proposition"", 'class vendor portfolio', 'value-added cloud solutions', 'leading industry players', 'leading enterprise software', 'digital channel services', 'cloud migration assessment', 'lead generation solutions', 'customary conditions precedent', 'specialist technical accreditation', 'right global partner', 'single global organization', 'real-time data analytics', 'attractive growth prospects', 'FY pro-forma figures', 'total addressable market', 'evolving product solutions', 'exciting new chapter', 'global cybersecurity specialist', 'external growth strategy', 'global cybersecurity leader', ""Exclusive Networks' presence"", 'unique end', 'entire APAC region', 'Company data', 'complementary portfolio', 'global leader', 'digital enterprise', 'exciting growth', 'product portfolios', 'evolving technologies', 'data resiliency', 'digital marketing', 'market leader', 'regional leader', 'New Zealand', 'global scale', 'new ground', 'new phase', 'double-digit growth', 'Euronext Paris', 'binding agreement', 'share capital', 'Gross Sales', 'wide array', 'clear go', 'financial synergies', 'complementarity nature', 'two companies', 'AI-backed insights', 'house state', 'art platforms', 'next phase', 'second quarter', 'John Walters', 'talented teams', 'dynamic market', 'appropriate investment', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'great confidence', 'wide range', 'proven routes', 'local perspective', 'managed security', 'technology vendors', 'collaborative approach', 'blue-chip vendors', 'original content', 'business models', 'reseller partners', 'technology partners', 'value-enhancing transaction', 'strong expertise', 'Jesper Trolle', 'major step', 'NEXTGEN Group', 'APAC.', 'SYDNEY', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'EXN', 'signature', 'acquisition', 'Australia', '190 employees', 'June', 'years', 'operation', 'commercial', 'combination', 'ability', 'initiatives', 'hyperscalers', 'foundations', 'Dec', 'entity', 'closing', 'CEO', 'resources', 'experience', 'competitiveness', 'Founder', 'culture', 'ambitions', 'values', 'passion', 'innovation', 'start-up', 'enthusiasm', 'end-customers', 'offices', '47 countries', '170 countries', 'delivery', 'training', 'changing', 'information', 'exclusive-networks', 'startups', 'innovative', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'major-step', 'growth-strategy']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investorsobserver.com
38401,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IRISH-CONTINENTAL-GROUP-P-17185232/news/Annual-Financial-Report-46312826/,Annual Financial Report,(marketscreener.com) IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC 28 March 2024 Publication of the 2023 Annual Report ICG has today published its 2023 Annual Report and Financial Statements which may be viewed and downloaded from the Company’s website www.icg.ie. The 2023 Ann…,"IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC (""ICG"")28 March 2024Publication of the 2023 Annual ReportICG has today published its 2023 Annual Report and Financial Statements which may be viewed and downloaded from the Company’s website www.icg.ie.The 2023 Annual Report and Financial Statements  will be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK’s National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at:Euronext Dublin: https://direct.euronext.com/#/oamfilingUK National Storage Mechanism: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanismThe 2023 Annual Report and Financial Statements will be posted to those shareholders who have elected to receive hardcopy communications.END_________________________________________________________________________________Enquiries:Eamonn Rothwell  Chief Executive Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ieDavid Ledwidge  Chief Financial Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ie_________________________________________________________________________________Media enquiries:Q4 Public Relations Tel: +353 1 475 1444 Email: press@q4pr.ie",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC', 'UK National Storage Mechanism', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Q4 Public Relations', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'The 2023 Annual Report', 'Financial Statements', 'hardcopy communications', 'Eamonn Rothwell', 'David Ledwidge', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Media enquiries', 'ICG', 'March', 'Publication', 'Company', 'website', 'inspection', 'oamfiling', 'fca', 'org', 'nationalstoragemechanism', 'shareholders', 'END', 'Tel', 'Email', 'investorrelations', 'press', 'q4pr', '353']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38402,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INDUSTRIE-DE-NORA-S-P-A-140214472/news/Industrie-De-Nora-S-p-A-De-Nora-opens-a-new-plant-in-Okayama-Japan-46308611/,Industrie De Nora S p A : De Nora opens a new plant in Okayama  Japan -March 28  2024 at 06:22 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)  Milan/Okayama  28th March 2024 - Industrie De Nora S.p.A.   an Italian multinational listed on Euronext Milan  specializing in electrochemistry  a leader in sustainable technologies and the emerging green hydrogen industry  has inaugura…,"Milan/Okayama  28th March 2024 - Industrie De Nora S.p.A. (""De Nora"")  an Italian multinational listed on Euronext Milan  specializing in electrochemistry  a leader in sustainable technologies and the emerging green hydrogen industry  has inaugurated a new production facility in Okayama  Japan  to strengthen its presence in the country further and consolidate its position as a leading global supplier of electrolyzers.The new plant in Okayama  inaugurated yesterday in the presence of De Nora CEO Paolo Dellachà of the local Senior Management  confirms the strategic role of Japan and Asia as the Group's production centers  serving international customers and the local market. De Nora has been in the country since 1969  initially as a joint venture with Mitsui & Co.  and since 2010  with total shares of De Nora Japan. The Japanese company is headquartered in Fujisawa- one of the Group's largest and most advanced electrode production centers - and a plant in Okayama  to which this expansion is now added. De Nora thus positions itself as a highly qualified manufacturer in the country's electrochemical sector  with 2 production plants and as many R&D sites  where 360 employees work  of which the newly opened production line has created 50 new job positions.The new area will be dedicated to producing and assembling electrolyzers intended for the main outlet markets (chlorine soda  hydrogen production  water treatment)  thus meeting the growing customer demand. In detail  DSA® electrodes  made at the Fujisawa plant  will be used to construct cells and electrolyzers at the Okayama center. Okayama's already established expertise  know-how  and role as a center of technological excellence were the considerations behind the decision to expand De Nora's presence in this area  which has also always been characterized by the availability of a flexible supply chain and highly skilled resources.The project is part of the Group's multi-year plan for international consolidation and expansion of production capacity in anticipation of De Nora's increasingly central role worldwide. This expansion program is in full development and has recently seen the inauguration of a new electrode production line at the Group's main Chinese site in Suzhou in November 2023 and the opening of a new workshop in India in January 2024.Paolo Dellachà  CEO of Industrie De Nora  commented: ""Today we celebrate the opening of the new Okayama plant  which represents another relevant step in the Group's strategy aimed at increasing production capacity and strengthening its international reach  following the expansion of the Suzhou site in China  the opening of the new workshop in India  the ongoing expansion of the site in Germany and the expansion of the site in Ohio-USA. We are a multinational player in the energy transition that facilitates the decarbonization process through our solutions. Being able to rely on new production sites and a more direct territorial presence is key to ensuring a widespread local action and strengthening our leadership position worldwide.""Makoto Okura  president of De Nora Japan  added: ""Today marks a historical day for De Nora Japan  a new chapter in the company's long journey in Japan  which began in 1969. Japan and the Fujisawa and Okayama R&D and production centers have always driven the Group's technological innovation and strategic areas for De Nora's international presence. We are proud of this expansion of the production lines in Okayama since it represents an important industrial advancement and  above all  confirms the continuous evolution of De Nora Japan"".* * *Industrie De Nora is an Italian multinational company listed on the Euronext Milan stock exchange  specializing in electrochemistry  a leader in sustainable technologies  and has a pivotal role in the industrial green hydrogen production chain. The Company has a portfolio of products and systems to optimize the energy efficiency of critical industrial electrochemical processes and a range of products and solutions for water treatment. Globally  Industrie De Nora is the world's largest supplier of activated electrodes (serving a broad portfolio of customers operating in the fields of chlorine and caustic soda production  components for electronics  and non-ferrous metal refining). Industrie De Nora is also among the world's leading suppliers of water filtration and disinfection technologies (for the industrial and municipal sectors) and the world's leading supplier of swimming pool disinfection components. Leveraging its well-established electrochemical knowledge  proven manufacturing capability  and a supply chain established over the years  the Company has developed and qualified a portfolio of electrodes and components to produce hydrogen through the electrolysis of water  which is critical for the energy transition. In this sector  the company also holds 25.85% of thyssenkrupp nucera AG &Co. KGaA  a joint venture established with the thyssenkrupp group.Founded in 1923  Industrie De Nora generated around EUR 856 million in total revenues and an Adjusted EBITDA of approx. EUR 171 million in 2023. The Company's growth process has developed organically through continued penetration of new markets and applications and acquisitions in the U.S.  Asia  and Europe. De Nora's continuous innovation drives its growth  represented by its evolving intellectual property portfolio  which currently includes more than 280 patent families with more than 2 800 territorial extensions. The De Nora family controls the Group  which owns 53.3% of the Company's share capital. Snam S.p.A. is a minority shareholder with about 21.6% of the capital.For further information and to access the Media Kit: Media Kit | De NoraMedia RelationsBarabino & PartnersUfficio: +39 02/72.02.35.35 Sabrina Ragone - s.ragone@barabino.it +39 338 25 19 534 Elena Magni - e.magni@barabino.it + 39 348 478 7490Investor RelationsChiara Locati+39 02 2129 2124ir@denora.com",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Industrie De Nora S', 'new plant', 'Okayama', 'Japan', 'March', '06:22', 'Industrie De Nora S.p.A.', 'industrial green hydrogen production chain', 'De Nora CEO Paolo Dellachà', 'emerging green hydrogen industry', 'many R&D sites', 'critical industrial electrochemical processes', 'advanced electrode production centers', 'Euronext Milan stock exchange', 'swimming pool disinfection components', 'new electrode production line', 'important industrial advancement', 'main outlet markets', 'ferrous metal refining', 'flexible supply chain', 'new production sites', 'local Senior Management', 'widespread local action', '50 new job positions', 'Okayama R&D', 'thyssenkrupp nucera AG', 'new production facility', 'caustic soda production', 'De Nora Japan', 'main Chinese site', 'leading global supplier', 'direct territorial presence', 'Italian multinational company', 'new Okayama plant', 'disinfection technologies', '2 production plants', 'production capacity', 'production lines', 'leading supplier', 'local market', 'electrochemical knowledge', 'new plant', 'new workshop', 'new chapter', 'multinational player', 'electrochemical sector', 'new area', 'sustainable technologies', 'joint venture', 'total shares', 'qualified manufacturer', 'chlorine soda', 'customer demand', 'technological excellence', 'skilled resources', 'multi-year plan', 'international consolidation', 'full development', 'relevant step', 'international reach', 'energy transition', 'decarbonization process', 'Makoto Okura', 'historical day', 'long journey', 'technological innovation', 'strategic areas', 'continuous evolution', 'energy efficiency', 'municipal sectors', 'manufacturing capability', 'total revenues', 'largest supplier', 'strategic role', 'water treatment', 'central role', 'pivotal role', 'water filtration', 'Japanese company', 'DSA® electrodes', 'The Company', 'activated electrodes', 'thyssenkrupp group', 'international presence', 'international customers', 'leadership position', 'Co. KGaA', 'Fujisawa plant', 'broad portfolio', 'expansion program', 'ongoing expansion', 'Suzhou site', 'Okayama center', '28th', 'electrochemistry', 'country', 'electrolyzers', 'Asia', 'Mitsui', '360 employees', 'growing', 'detail', 'cells', 'expertise', 'how', 'considerations', 'decision', 'availability', 'highly', 'project', 'part', 'anticipation', 'inauguration', 'November', 'opening', 'India', 'January', 'strategy', 'China', 'Germany', 'Ohio-USA', 'solutions', 'president', 'Today', 'products', 'systems', 'range', 'world', 'fields', 'electronics', 'years', 'electrolysis', 'EB']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38403,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Orange-issues-700-million-in-hybrid-bonds-46308478/,Orange issues 700 million in hybrid bonds,(marketscreener.com) Orange has issued 700 million in hybrid bonds  with an initial early redemption option from December 15  2030  bearing interest at a fixed reset rate  with a coupon of 4.50% until the first reset date.The new perpetual super-subordinated…,Orange issues €700 million in hybrid bondsMarch 28  2024 at 06:10 am EDT ShareOrange has issued €700 million in hybrid bonds  with an initial early redemption option from December 15  2030  bearing interest at a fixed reset rate  with a coupon of 4.50% until the first reset date.The new perpetual super-subordinated notes are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris  and are expected to be considered as equity by rating agencies up to 50%.The telecom operator also notes that it has launched a contractual tender offer for two other existing hybrid bond issues  with a view to proactively managing its portfolio of hybrid instruments.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Orange issues', 'hybrid bonds', 'two other existing hybrid bond issues', 'initial early redemption option', 'new perpetual super-subordinated notes', 'fixed reset rate', 'first reset date', 'contractual tender offer', 'Orange issues', 'hybrid bonds', 'hybrid instruments', 'EDT Share', 'Euronext Paris', 'rating agencies', 'telecom operator', 'March', 'December', 'interest', 'coupon', 'equity', 'view', 'portfolio', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '06', '10']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38404,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMER-INDUSTRIES-S-P-A-55886715/news/Comer-Industries-S-p-A-RESIGNATION-OF-TWO-DIRECTORS-46315030/,Comer Industries S p A : RESIGNATION OF TWO DIRECTORS -March 28  2024 at 04:40 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) company listed on the Euronext Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange and head of a world- leading group in the design and production of advanced engineering systems and mechatronics solutions for power transmission - announces that …,"PRESS RELEASERESIGNATION OF TWO DIRECTORS ***Reggiolo  28 March 2024 - Comer Industries SpA ("" Company "" or "" Comer Industries "") - company listed on the Euronext Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange and head of a world- leading group in the design and production of advanced engineering systems and mechatronics solutions for power transmission - announces that on March 27  2024 the two non-independent directors  nor parties to any endonboard committee of the Company  Joseph P. Huffsmith and Lee M. Gardner  resigned from their positions as directors of the Company with effect immediate.According to what is indicated in the resignation letters sent to the Company  in consideration of the investment made by One Equity Partners ("" OEP "") in CBM SpA  a company specialized in the production of attachment systems for tractors  OEP has in fact deemed it appropriate that Joseph P. Huffsmith and Lee M. Gardner  as its representatives  resigned from the Company's Board of Directors.In this regard  the Company recalls that the Shareholders' Meeting called for 23 April 2024 is also called to resolve on the appointment of the new Board of Directors.To the best of the Company's knowledge and based on available information  Joseph P. Huffsmith and Lee M. Gardner do not hold equity interests in the Company as of today.Furthermore  they are not entitled to compensation or other benefits resulting from the termination of their office.The Company thanks Joseph P. Huffsmith and Lee M. Gardner for their commitment and contribution as members of the Board of Directors of Comer Industries.***This press release is also available on the Company's website atwww.comerindustries.com in the Investor Relations section.***Comer Industries  with registered office in Reggiolo (Reggio Emilia  Italy) and listed on Borsa Italiana's Euronext Milan market  is the world leader in the design and manufacture of advanced engineering systems and mechatronic solutions for power transmissions. The company operates in the fields of agricultural machinery  construction  wind power  and electric vehicle motors and transmissions. Founded in 1970  Comer Industries has grown over the years and today has 14 production areas worldwide and around 4 000 employees. Corporate website:www.comerindustries.com.Contacts:Comer Industries - Investor Relations Alessandro Brizziir@comerindustries.com +39 0522 974111Barabino & Partners - Media Relations Ferdinando de Bellis Carlotta Bernardif.debellis@barabino.itc.bernardi@barabino.it +39 339 1872266 +39 333 9477814Comer Industries S.p.A.Via Magellano  27 - 42046 Reggiolo (RE) Italy -www.comerindustries.com - E-mail:info@comerindustries.com Tel: +39 0522 974111 - Fax: +39 0522 973249Reg. Reggio Emilia Business Register no. 07210440157 - Share Capital 18 487 338.60 euros fully paid-up - Tax Code 07210440157 - VAT code IT 01399270352",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.21,0.53,True,English,"['Comer Industries', 'TWO DIRECTORS', 'RESIGNATION', 'March', '04:40', 'Media Relations Ferdinando de Bellis', 'Investor Relations Alessandro Brizziir', 'Reggio Emilia Business Register', 'Investor Relations section', 'Euronext Milan segment', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'world- leading group', 'Joseph P. Huffsmith', 'Lee M. Gardner', 'Euronext Milan market', 'electric vehicle motors', 'Carlotta Bernardif.debellis', 'advanced engineering systems', 'Comer Industries S.', 'One Equity Partners', 'Comer Industries SpA', 'two non-independent directors', 'attachment systems', 'CBM SpA', 'equity interests', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'TWO DIRECTORS', 'mechatronics solutions', 'power transmission', 'endonboard committee', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'available information', 'other benefits', 'Borsa Italiana', 'world leader', 'mechatronic solutions', 'agricultural machinery', 'wind power', 'Via Magellano', 'Share Capital', 'Tax Code', 'VAT code', 'Corporate website', 'new Board', '14 production areas', 'transmissions', 'RESIGNATION', 'Reggiolo', 'Company', 'head', 'design', 'March', 'parties', 'positions', 'effect', 'immediate', 'letters', 'consideration', 'investment', 'OEP', 'tractors', 'fact', 'representatives', 'regard', '23 April', 'appointment', 'knowledge', 'today', 'compensation', 'termination', 'office', 'commitment', 'contribution', 'members', 'comerindustries', 'Italy', 'fields', 'construction', 'years', '4,000 employees', 'Contacts', 'Barabino', 'mail', 'Fax', 'Reg.', '8.60 euros', '42046', '0522']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38405,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARVERNE-GROUP-158956579/news/Mission-Driven-Company-Arverne-Group-Announces-Its-First-Achievements-in-Line-With-Its-Strategy-and-46306160/,Mission-Driven Company  Arverne Group Announces Its First Achievements in Line With Its Strategy and Targets,(marketscreener.com) A portfolio of Exclusive Exploration Permits totalling a global acreage that increases from 171 square km to 2 852 square km1A strong financial structure with the successful IPO on Euronext Paris Upgrading of the industrial tool  s…,A portfolio of Exclusive Exploration Permits (geothermal and geothermal lithium) totalling a global acreage that increases from 171 square km to 2 852 square km1 A strong financial structure with the successful IPO on Euronext Paris (September 2023) Upgrading of the industrial tool  strengthened team with key skills Gross business volume2 of €11.9 million (+9%) OUTLOOK Restating 2027 and 2030 ambitions in geothermal energy and geothermal lithium Increase of the drilling rig fleet Gross business volume to reach between €16 million and €18 million at the end of 2024  +35% to +50% growthRegulatory News:Arverne Group (Paris:ARVEN)  a French industrial company specialized in the production of underground resources  publishes its 2023 annual results:- Increase of the Exclusive Exploration Permit portfolio (geothermal energy and geothermal lithium)  raising the secured acreage from 171 km² to 2 852 km²;- A strong financial position with net cash amounting to €131.5 million at year end;- 9% increase in gross business volume to €11.9 million  including €1.8 million generated by the shallow drilling activities of DrillHeat  an unconsolidated subsidiary operated by Arverne Group which owns a 50% share;- Consolidated revenues reaching €10.1 million;- A key year of structuring  with total headcount increasing to 142 employees (160 including 18 within DrillHeat) at end of 2023  + 70% compared to the end of 2022 in order to support the Group’s 2030 targets.“We are very pleased with the operational milestones reached in 2023. Arverne Group has grown significantly and strengthened its operational and financial performance capacity  enabling the Group to mobilize the resources needed to achieve its ambitious goals by 2030  and to become one of the major players in European geothermal energy and geothermal lithium. The teams are very proud to be part of a mission-driven company and developing energy transition solutions ” says Pierre Brossollet  Founder  Chairman and CEO of Arverne Group.The Company’s key achievements over the past year:- two major financial operations including a successful IPO on Euronext Paris (gross amount of around €185 million raised) with strategic financial and industrial partners;- increase in the number of Exclusive Exploration Permits (geothermal energy and geothermal lithium)  bringing the portfolio to eight PER and the total acreage from 171km² to 2 852km²  in particular by completing the acquisition of GéoRhin  renamed 2gré;- the deployment of approximately €50 million of CapEx mainly to accelerate the expansion of the drilling rig fleet;- the ongoing testing and trials in partnership with the Norwegian group Equinor in order to select the most suitable Direct Lithium Extraction technique (DLE) for Alsace’s brines in 2024;- the signature with Renault Group of a contract for the sale of battery-grade lithium  with the first lithium production planned for 2027;- the implementation of Arverne Group’s mission  as a mission-driven company  with the setup of 10 operational targets and extra-financial commitments regarding climate and environment  employees’ well-being and the development of the local communities where the Group operates.Arverne Group’s mission and the definition of extra-financial targets2023 was the year of the implementation of Arverne Group’s mission. By deciding to become a mission-driven company voluntarily in 2022  the Group confirmed its engagement to deeply anchor CSR in its business model. Arverne Group is determined to play an active part in the ecological transition  while ensuring that it benefits as many people as possible  in particular its employees and the regions in which it operates.After including its raison d'être in its articles of association in 2022  the Group set up its Mission Committee in 2023 (composed of 2 external members and 2 employees) and defined 10 operational targets. These extra-financial commitments are based on three pillars to which Arverne Group is committed to reinforce its actions: the climate and the environment  the well-being of its employees and the development of the regions in which the Group operates.The implementation of Arverne Group’s mission and the deployment of its operational targets in 2023 have been audited by an independent third-party. In its audit report  which will be appended to the Group’s annual report  the auditor concluded that all the social and environmental objectives had been met.Furthermore  in addition to implementing its roadmap as a mission-driven company  the Group has included CSR criteria in the variable part of the corporate officers’ compensation for 2024  taking into account:- a safety target;- a carbon assessment  followed by the definition of targets for limiting greenhouse gas emissions;- actions aimed at promoting diversity  and- training programs for the employees.Strong commercial momentum driven by shallow drilling that confirms the Group’s execution capacitiesIn thousands of euros 12/31/2023 12/31/2022 Change Deep drilling (Arverne Drilling Services) 9 835 10 403 -6% Other 258 313 -17% Consolidated revenues 10 092 10 717 -6% Shallow drilling (DrillHeat) 1 835 220 x8.3 Gross business volume 11 927 10 937 +9%The gross business volume shows a +9% increase to reach €11.9 million. A key indicator  this activity performance that aggregates all the billings of each subsidiary and restated for the consolidation effects  confirms the Group’s abilities to realize the coming drilling operations both internally and for external customers in accordance with its development plan.This performance includes the business generated by DrillHeat for €1.8 million. Operated by Arverne Group which owns a 50% share  DrillHeat’s full year 2023 turnover (€3.7 million) is not recognised in the consolidated revenues for the 2023 financial year  but clearly shows the Group’s step up in the drilling segment. DrillHeat drilled more than 33 000 meters  laid 196 geothermal probes  and operated 3 drilling machines.Consolidated revenues at the end of 2023 totalled €10.1 million  down 6% compared to the previous financial year. This is explained by the temporary suspension of a well maintenance campaign. The revenues were generated by supplying drilling equipment and skilled labour.The subsidiaries Lithium de France (62.6% owned by Arverne Group) and 2gré (a 100% company acquired in March 2023) are continuing their investments  with the aim of producing geothermal heat for the first time in 2025 for 2gré  and geothermal lithium for the first time in 2027 for Lithium de France.Operating income in line with the Group’s structuring strategy  non-cash items related to the merger with the SPAC Transition that impact the net incomeThe Company strengthened its teams with a total headcount (FTE) increasing from 86 to 142 employees between the end of 2022 and the end of 2023  resulting in an increase in personnel expenses to €13.1 million (x2.3 compared to 2022). This underscores firstly the increase in the drilling order book  and secondly the strengthening of the skills required for the investment program announced by the Group. Personnel expenses include a €2.3 million expense for the allocation of free shares to all employees.Inthousands of euros 12/31/2023 12/31/2022 Revenues 10 092 10 717 Purchasing and subcontracting -11 410 -6 268 Personnel expenses -13 110 -5 786 Taxes and duties -292 -207 Other income and expenses 2 791 846 Current EBITDA3 (excl. exceptional items) -11 928 -699 Depreciation and provisions -1 898 -1 968 Current operating income -13 826 -2 667After taking into account this scheduled investment phase  in order to strengthen the Company’s headcount  the current EBITDA (excluding exceptional items) amounts to -€11 9 million. The net income stands at -€53.8 million mainly because of a -€54.1 million non-cash impact that relates to the listing costs incurred with the SPAC merger with Transition4. Excluding this non-cash impact  the net income would have been close to breakeven.Strong growth in assetsTotal assets rose sharply in 2023  from €20.7 million to €219.5 million.This change mainly reflects:- the investments made over the period (total fixed assets increasing from €11.2 million to €58.6 million) in particular the acquisition of new Exclusive Exploration Permits (PER) for geothermal projects by 2gré  the development of projects combining geothermal energy and geothermal lithium production (Lithium de France)  as well as the acquisition of a deep drilling rig (€10.3 million);- the successful completion of two major financial operations (gross cash flow which increases from €3.2 million to €143.2 million)  which secured the required financial flexibility to pursue the investments announced by the Company:a series B funding round of €44 million  with the following participants: Equinor Ventures for €7 million (the investment subsidiary of the first Scandinavian energy group that had already invested in 2022 as part of a series A round); Norsk Hydro as a new shareholder for €17 million (a global Norwegian player with strong presence in aluminium  energy and metal recycling sectors); Arverne Group for €20 million.€162 million raised from financial and industrial investors in the context of the IPO on Euronext ParisA robust financial structureThe shareholders’ equity increased sharply to €178.4 million at the close of the financial year (-€4.9 million on December 31  2022). The main explanation is the €162 million raised by Arverne Group.With a low indebtedness of €11.8 million  mainly resulting from the financial liabilities (€7.5 million) taken over with the GéoRhin acquisition  the net cash position shows a large surplus of €131.5 million  allowing the Group to execute its investment program.Targets for 2024Arverne Group’s financial targets and operational structuring milestones for 2024 are:- a gross business volume of between €16 million and €18 million  i.e. growth of between +35% and +50% compared to 2023. This performance will be again mainly driven by the drilling activity  which already includes strong growth secured by the signature of commercial contracts;- CapEx deployment of around €50 million;- a pre-feasibility study (PFS)  a key step that will enable to update the technical and financial assumptions relating to geothermal lithium production  and to select the type of battery-grade lithium (hydroxide or carbonate).- 3 new filings for drilling permits  preliminary step to sell geothermal heat;The Group also reminds that  on the first quarter of 2024  it has been awarded a new lithium permit (Les Poteries Minérales)  and announced a capitalistic partnership with Herrenknecht AG to accelerate the acquisition of drilling machines in order to meet both its own drilling needs and external customer demands.Restatement of the 2030 ambitionsArverne Group confirms its ambitions for 2030:- 2024-2030: deployment of a total gross investment program of €2 400 million  including:- €6005 million by 2gré (sale of 1.8 TWh of geothermal heat per year) and - €1 8006 million by Lithium de France (sale of 3 TWh of geothermal heat per year  sale of 30 kt of battery-grade lithium7 per year).- 2025: first geothermal heat production - 2027: first geothermal lithium production  revenues to reach between €200million and €350 million8 with an EBITDA margin target of around 60% - 2030: revenues to reach between €800 million and €1.15 billion9 with an EBITDA margin target of around 70%.Next publication: half-year 2024 results  25 September 2024 (after trading)Consolidated income statementIn thousands of euros 2023.12 2022.12 12 months 12 months Revenues 10 092 10 717 Other operating income 1 241 45 Capitalised production 2 841 961 Purchases consumed -574 -774 External expenses -10 836 -5 494 Personnel expenses -13 110 -5 786 Taxes and duties -292 -207 Other operating expenses -1 291 -160 Current EBITDA (excl. exceptional items) -11 928 -699 Depreciation and amortisation -1 898 -1 968 Current operating income -13 826 -2 667 Other non-current operating income 13 435 - Other non-recurring operating expenses -60 939 0 Operating income -61 330 -2 667 Income from cash and cash equivalents 4 933 - Cost of gross financial debt -807 -125 Cost of net financial debt 4 118 -125 Other financial income 2 691 954 Other financial expenses -272 -18 Income before tax -54 784 -1 856 Income tax 968 -19 Income after tax -53 816 -1 875 Share of net income of equity-accounted companies 0 0 Total net income -53 816 -1 875 Group share -52 035 -1 646 Share of non-controlling interests -1 782 -228 Earnings per share -2.34 -0.11 Diluted earnings per share -2.34 -0.11Consolidated balance sheet assetsIn thousands of euros 2023.12 2022.12 12 months 12 months Intangible assets 39 192 4 475 Tangible assets 19 445 6 685 Financial assets - 20 Deferred tax assets 3 448 0 Non-current assets 62 085 11 180 Inventories 413 - Trade receivables and others 15 275 1 109 Other financial assets 1 096 72 Cash and cash equivalents 143 229 3 165 Current assets 160 012 4 346 Assets held for sale - 5 175 Total Assets 222 097 20 701Consolidated balance sheet liabilitiesIn thousands of euros 2023.12 2022.12 12 months 12 months Capital and share premium 194 301 1 157 Other reserves 21 621 -7 005 Accumulated results -51 832 204 Non-controlling interests 14 346 748 Total shareholders’ equity 178 438 -4 896 Shareholders’ equity - Group share 164 092 -5 644 Borrowings and financial debt 9 904 2 242 Other provisions 1 632 44 Other non-current liabilities 3 437 - Deferred tax liabilities 5 465 3 Total non-current liabilities 20 438 2 290 Borrowings and financial debt - current 1 856 2 934 Other provisions 992 - Other current liabilities 20 371 12 972 Total current liabilities 23 221 15 906 Liabilities associated with assets held for sale 7 401 Total Liabilities 222 097 20 701Cash flow statementin thousands of euros  IFRS 2023 2022 Net income -53 816 -1 875 Depreciation  amortisation and provisions net of reversals 2 262 1 966 Other changes 40 591 -667 Cash flow from operations -10 964 -576 Changes in trade and other receivables 2 053 353 Change in trade and other payables 2 121 -503 Change in other current receivables / payables -8 690 -307 Tax paid 130 -28 Net cash flow from operating activities -15 349 -1 061 Acquisition of fixed assets -15 590 -1 170 Capitalised development expenditure -5 914 -3 978 Other changes 1 060 962 Net cash flow from investing activities -20 444 -4 187 Capital increases 114 599 4 368 Debt issues 15 499 2 100 Loan repayments -7 730 -130 Other changes 53 487 -892 Net cash flow from financing activities 175 856 5 446 Change in cash  and cash equivalents 140 063 197 Cash and cash equivalents as of January 1 3 165 2 654 Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31 143 227 2 851 Cash and cash equivalents associated with assets held for sale 313 Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31 143 227 3 165About Arverne GroupArverne Group specialises in harnessing underground resources to transform them into environmentally friendly  local and renewable energy  contributing to the prosperity of local communities. As an integrated industrial player  Arverne Group spans the entire underground value chain  from exploration to drilling and production to sales to end-users. Arverne Group aims to become the French leader in geothermal energy and its by-products  including low-carbon geothermal lithium.Founded in Pau in 2018  Arverne Group has structured its business activities around several subsidiaries  notably 2gré (sale of geothermal heat)  Lithium de France (geothermal heat and extraction and sale of geothermal lithium) and Arverne Drilling Services (drilling operations).A mission-driven company  Arverne Group is listed on the professional segment of Euronext Paris and is part of the Tech Leaders segment of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR001400JWR8  mnemonic ARVEN).www.arverne.earthDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements that should not be regarded as historical facts. These statements are not guaranteeing of the Company’s future performance. These forward-looking statements relate to the Company’s future prospects  developments and marketing strategy and are based on expectations and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties  in particular those described in the merger prospectus approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on July 27  2023 under number 23-331  as they relate to future events and are dependent on circumstances that may or may not materialise in the future. In particular  the Company’s actual financial position  results and cash flow  as well as the trends in the sector in which the Company operates  may differ materially from those proposed or reflected in the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Even if the Company’s financial position  results  cash-flows and developments in the sector in which the Company operates were to conform to the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  such results or developments cannot be construed as a reliable indication of the Company’s future results or developments. The Company provides the information contained in this press release as of March 27  2024  and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Certain figures and numbers in this press release have been rounded  therefore  the totals and percentages shown in the tables do not necessarily equal the sum of the figures  amounts or percentages rounded individually. The audit procedures have been carried-out and the statutory auditors’ report on the financial statements should be released end of April 2024.The audit procedures have been carried-out and the statutory auditors’ report on the financial statements should be released end of April 2024______________________1 Total acreage of the permits (PER) of which 2.530km² coming from the acquisition of Géorhin and in a renewal process2 Includes 50% of the turnover of DrillHeat (1.8M€)  unconsolidated subsidiary operated by Arverne Group who owns a 50% share3 Corresponds to the current operating income before depreciation4 Immediate recognition as expenses of all the preference shares not taking into account the reaching of the minimum threshold for each category of them to be converted5 Before subsidies6 Before subsidies and 62% to be borne by Arverne Group7 LCE lithium carbonate equivalent8 Company’s assumptions: €65/MWh (heat price for 2gré)  €45/MWh (heat price for Lithium de France)  before consolidation impact and depending on the PFS results9 Company’s assumption: €25k/t LHM +/-20%  €65/MWh (heat price for 2gré)  €45/MWh (heat price for Lithium de France)  before consolidation impact and depending on the PFS resultsView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240327829020/en/,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Mission-Driven Company', 'Arverne Group', 'First Achievements', 'Line', 'Strategy', 'Targets', 'suitable Direct Lithium Extraction technique', 'two major financial operations', 'Exclusive Exploration Permit portfolio', 'Exclusive Exploration Permits', 'strong financial structure', 'strong financial position', 'financial performance capacity', 'corporate officers’ compensation', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'Strong commercial momentum', 'drilling rig fleet', 'Change Deep drilling', 'Gross business volume2', 'shallow drilling activities', 'Arverne Drilling Services', 'energy transition solutions', 'first lithium production', 'French industrial company', 'European geothermal energy', 'geothermal lithium Increase', 'major players', 'strategic financial', 'gross amount', 'business model', 'battery-grade lithium', 'ecological transition', 'industrial tool', 'industrial partners', 'mission-driven company', 'The Company', 'successful IPO', 'key skills', 'Regulatory News', '2023 annual results', 'net cash', 'unconsolidated subsidiary', 'Consolidated revenues', 'total headcount', 'ambitious goals', 'Pierre Brossollet', 'key achievements', 'eight PER', 'GéoRhin', 'ongoing testing', 'extra-financial commitments', 'local communities', 'many people', '2 external members', 'three pillars', 'independent third-party', 'audit report', 'annual report', 'environmental objectives', 'safety target', 'carbon assessment', 'training programs', 'execution capacities', 'operational milestones', 'key year', 'past year', 'global acreage', 'Euronext Paris', 'total acreage', 'extra-financial targets', 'active part', 'variable part', 'Arverne Group', 'Norwegian group', 'Renault Group', 'underground resources', 'CSR criteria', '10 operational targets', 'Mission Committee', 'year end', '171 square km', '2030 targets', '2,852 square', '9% increase', '171 km²', '2,852 km²', 'September', 'Upgrading', 'team', 'OUTLOOK', '2030 ambitions', '+50% growth', 'ARVEN', 'DrillHeat', '50% share', 'structuring', '142 employees', 'order', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'number', '171km²', '2,852km', 'acquisition', 'deployment', 'CapEx', 'expansion', 'trials', 'partnership', 'Equinor', 'DLE', 'Alsace', 'brines', 'signature', 'contract', 'sale', 'implementation', 'setup', 'climate', 'development', 'definition', 'engagement', 'regions', 'raison', 'être', 'articles', 'association', 'actions', 'well-being', 'auditor', 'social', 'addition', 'roadmap', 'account', 'diversity', 'thousands', 'euros', '2027', '2024']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38406,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LA-FRANCAISE-DES-JEUX-75739100/news/FDJ-Has-Acquired-1-12-of-Kindred-s-Outstanding-Shares-From-Veralda-at-a-Price-of-122-5-SEK-Per-Sh-46313624/,FDJ Has Acquired 1.12% of Kindred's Outstanding Shares From Veralda at a Price of 122.5 SEK Per Share,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Following an offer notice received from Veralda to sell 49% of its shares  2.4m shares corresponding to 1.12% of the outstanding shares in Kindred  at 122.5 SEK  FDJ has decided to exercise the right of first refusal f…,Regulatory News:Following an offer notice received from Veralda to sell 49% of its shares  2.4m shares corresponding to 1.12% of the outstanding shares in Kindred  at 122.5 SEK  FDJ (Paris:FDJ) has decided to exercise the right of first refusal forming part of Veralda’s irrevocable undertaking and disclosed at the time of the Kindred transaction announcement on January 22nd  2024.As a result  FDJ has acquired 2.4m shares representing 1.12% of Kindred’s outstanding shares and Veralda’s irrevocable undertaking will continue to apply to Veralda’s remaining 1.16% stake in Kindred.On January 22nd  2024  La Française des Jeux SA (“FDJ”)  announced a recommended public offer to the holders of Swedish depository receipts (the “SDRs”) in Kindred Group plc (together with its subsidiaries “Kindred” or the “Company”) to tender all their SDRs in Kindred to FDJ at a price of 130 SEK in cash per SDR (the “Offer”). For the sake of simplicity and because each SDR represents a share in Kindred  the SDRs will also be referred to as “shares” and the holders as “shareholders”.As previously communicated  FDJ has obtained irrevocable undertakings to accept the Offer from shareholders representing 27.9% of the outstanding shares. One of these shareholders  Veralda  representing a 2.3% stake in Kindred  was allowed to sell 50% of its shares after Kindred’s March 15th  2024  general meeting amending its bylaws to provide for squeeze-out rights of an offeror. If Veralda decided to sell its shares  it undertook to first offer FDJ the possibility to buy the shares at a price not higher than the price in the Offer of 130 SEK per Share.On March 18th  2024  Veralda notified FDJ of its intention to sell 2.4m of its shares  corresponding to 1.12% of the outstanding shares in Kindred  at a price of 122.5 SEK per share. FDJ has decided to exercise the right to buy these shares from Veralda at such price.After this purchase  FDJ holds 1.12% of the outstanding shares in Kindred and the remaining irrevocable undertakings with Corvex Management LP  Premier Investissement SAS  Eminence Capital  Nordea and Veralda represent in total 26.82% of the outstanding shares in Kindred.The offer documentation  which includes detailed descriptions of the irrevocable undertakings  is available in English and Swedish on the FDJ Group website:https://www.groupefdj.com/en/fdj-launches-a-tender-offer-for-kindred-to-create-a-european-gaming-champion/About FDJ GroupFrance's leading gaming operator and one of the industry leaders worldwide  FDJ offers responsible gaming to the general public in the form of lottery games (draws and instant games)  sports betting (through its ParionsSport point de vente et ParionsSport en ligne brands)  horse-race betting and poker. FDJ's performance is driven by a large portfolio of iconic brands  the leading local sales network in France  a growing market  and recurring investments. The Group implements an innovative strategy to increase the attractiveness of its gaming and service offering across all distribution channels  by offering a responsible customer experience.FDJ Group is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A – FDJ.PA) and is part of the SBF 120  Euronext 100  Euronext Vigeo 20  EN EZ ESG L 80  STOXX Europe 600  MSCI Europe and FTSE Euro indices.For more information  visit www.groupefdj.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328931072/en/,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Outstanding Shares', '122.5 SEK Per', 'FDJ', 'Kindred', 'Veralda', 'Price', 'La Française des Jeux SA', 'EN EZ ESG L', 'leading local sales network', 'Swedish depository receipts', 'Corvex Management LP', 'Premier Investissement SAS', 'FTSE Euro indices', 'leading gaming operator', 'responsible customer experience', 'ParionsSport point de', 'Kindred transaction announcement', 'remaining irrevocable undertakings', 'Kindred Group plc', 'FDJ Group website', 'responsible gaming', 'The Group', 'Regulatory News', 'first refusal', 'January 22nd', 'remaining 1.16% stake', 'March 15th', 'general meeting', 'March 18th', 'Eminence Capital', 'detailed descriptions', 'industry leaders', 'general public', 'lottery games', 'instant games', 'sports betting', 'ligne brands', 'horse-race betting', 'large portfolio', 'iconic brands', 'growing market', 'recurring investments', 'innovative strategy', 'service offering', 'distribution channels', 'regulated market', 'Compartment A', 'STOXX Europe', 'MSCI Europe', 'source version', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'outstanding shares', 'public offer', 'offer documentation', '2.4m shares', 'Euronext Paris', '2.3% stake', 'notice', 'Veralda', '122.5 SEK', 'right', 'time', 'result', 'holders', 'SDRs', 'subsidiaries', 'Company', 'price', '130 SEK', 'cash', 'sake', 'simplicity', 'bylaws', 'offeror', 'possibility', 'intention', 'purchase', 'Nordea', 'total', 'English', 'groupefdj', 'tender-offer', 'european-gaming-champion', 'France', 'form', 'draws', 'vente', 'poker', 'attractiveness', 'SBF', 'businesswire']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38407,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/fdj-has-acquired-112-of-kindreds-outstanding-shares-from-veralda-at-a-price-of-1225-sek-per-share-93CH-3357308,FDJ Has Acquired 1.12% of Kindred's Outstanding Shares From Veralda at a Price of 122.5 SEK Per Share By Investing.com,FDJ Has Acquired 1.12% of Kindred's Outstanding Shares From Veralda at a Price of 122.5 SEK Per Share,BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Following an offer notice received from Veralda to sell 49% of its shares  2.4m shares corresponding to 1.12% of the outstanding shares in Kindred  at 122.5 SEK  FDJ (Paris:FDJ) has decided to exercise the right of first refusal forming part of Veralda's irrevocable undertaking and disclosed at the time of the Kindred transaction announcement on January 22nd  2024.As a result  FDJ has acquired 2.4m shares representing 1.12% of Kindred's outstanding shares and Veralda's irrevocable undertaking will continue to apply to Veralda's remaining 1.16% stake in Kindred.On January 22nd  2024  La FranÃ§aise des Jeux SA (FDJ)  announced a recommended public offer to the holders of Swedish depository receipts (the SDRs) in Kindred Group plc (together with its subsidiaries Kindred or the Company) to tender all their SDRs in Kindred to FDJ at a price of 130 SEK in cash per SDR (the Offer). For the sake of simplicity and because each SDR represents a share in Kindred  the SDRs will also be referred to as shares and the holders as shareholders.As previously communicated  FDJ has obtained irrevocable undertakings to accept the Offer from shareholders representing 27.9% of the outstanding shares. One of these shareholders  Veralda  representing a 2.3% stake in Kindred  was allowed to sell 50% of its shares after Kindred's March 15th  2024  general meeting amending its bylaws to provide for squeeze-out rights of an offeror. If Veralda decided to sell its shares  it undertook to first offer FDJ the possibility to buy the shares at a price not higher than the price in the Offer of 130 SEK per Share.On March 18th  2024  Veralda notified FDJ of its intention to sell 2.4m of its shares  corresponding to 1.12% of the outstanding shares in Kindred  at a price of 122.5 SEK per share. FDJ has decided to exercise the right to buy these shares from Veralda at such price.After this purchase  FDJ holds 1.12% of the outstanding shares in Kindred and the remaining irrevocable undertakings with Corvex Management LP  Premier Investissement SAS  Eminence Capital  Nordea and Veralda represent in total 26.82% of the outstanding shares in Kindred.The offer documentation  which includes detailed descriptions of the irrevocable undertakings  is available in English and Swedish on the FDJ Group website:https://www.groupefdj.com/en/fdj-launches-a-tender-offer-for-kindred-to-create-a-european-gaming-champion/About FDJ GroupFrance's leading gaming operator and one of the industry leaders worldwide  FDJ offers responsible gaming to the general public in the form of lottery games (draws and instant games)  sports betting (through its ParionsSport point de vente et ParionsSport en ligne brands)  horse-race betting and poker. FDJ's performance is driven by a large portfolio of iconic brands  the leading local sales network in France  a growing market  and recurring investments. The Group implements an innovative strategy to increase the attractiveness of its gaming and service offering across all distribution channels  by offering a responsible customer experience.FDJ Group is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A “ FDJ.PA) and is part of the SBF 120  Euronext 100  Euronext Vigeo 20  EN EZ ESG L 80  STOXX Europe 600  MSCI Europe and Euro indices.For more information  visit www.groupefdj.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328931072/en/Media Contact01 41 10 33 82 | servicedepresse@lfdj.comInvestor Relations Contact01 41 04 19 74 | invest@lfdj.comSource: FDJ Group,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Outstanding Shares', 'FDJ', 'Kindred', 'Veralda', 'Price', '122.5 SEK', 'Investing', 'La FranÃ§aise des Jeux SA', 'EN EZ ESG L', 'leading local sales network', 'Swedish depository receipts', 'Corvex Management LP', 'Premier Investissement SAS', 'leading gaming operator', 'responsible customer experience', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'ParionsSport point de', 'Kindred transaction announcement', 'remaining irrevocable undertakings', 'Kindred Group plc', 'FDJ Group website', 'responsible gaming', 'Media Contact', 'The Group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'first refusal', 'January 22nd', 'remaining 1.16% stake', 'March 15th', 'general meeting', 'March 18th', 'Eminence Capital', 'detailed descriptions', 'industry leaders', 'general public', 'lottery games', 'instant games', 'sports betting', 'ligne brands', 'horse-race betting', 'large portfolio', 'iconic brands', 'growing market', 'recurring investments', 'innovative strategy', 'service offering', 'distribution channels', 'regulated market', 'STOXX Europe', 'MSCI Europe', 'Euro indices', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'outstanding shares', 'offer notice', 'public offer', 'offer documentation', 'source version', '2.4m shares', 'Euronext Paris', '2.3% stake', 'FDJ.', 'BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT', 'France', 'Veralda', '122.5 SEK', 'right', 'part', 'time', 'result', 'holders', 'SDRs', 'subsidiaries', 'Company', 'price', '130 SEK', 'cash', 'sake', 'simplicity', 'bylaws', 'offeror', 'possibility', 'intention', 'purchase', 'Nordea', 'total', 'English', 'groupefdj', 'tender-offer', 'european-gaming-champion', 'form', 'draws', 'vente', 'poker', 'attractiveness', 'SBF', 'businesswire', 'servicedepresse', 'lfdj']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investing.com
38408,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-March-21-March-27-2024-46307725/,Share Buyback Transaction Details March 21 – March 27  2024,(marketscreener.com) Share Buyback Transaction Details March 21 – March 27  2024 March 28  2024 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 156 678 of its own…,Share Buyback Transaction Details March 21 – March 27  2024March 28  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 156 678 of its own ordinary shares in the period from March 21  2024  up to and including March 27  2024  for €22.8 million and at an average share price of €145.57.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 1 808 731 257.1 142.13For the period starting February 23  2024  up to and including April 29  2024  we have engaged a third party to execute €205 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 (0) 7765-391-824 t + 31 (0)172-641-407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.31,0.67,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'March', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'new information', 'share repurchases', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'Further information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Weekly reports', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'March', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'February', 'date', 'April', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '44', '31']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38409,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-unveils-its-Climate-Transition-Plan-for-reaching-its-Net-Zero-targets-by-2035-46307025/,ASM unveils its Climate Transition Plan for reaching its Net Zero targets by 2035,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The NetherlandsMarch 28  2024 ASM International N.V. announces today the launch of its Climate Transition Plan aimed at detailing its sustainability efforts with a path to reach its net-zero emissions target by 2035. ASM’s plan ou…,Almere  The NetherlandsMarch 28  2024ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) announces today the launch of its Climate Transition Plan aimed at detailing its sustainability efforts with a path to reach its net-zero emissions target by 2035.ASM’s plan outlines a strategic pathway to decarbonize its operations  products  and supply chain  playing a leading role in transitioning the semiconductor industry towards an environmentally sustainable future.“Our Climate Transition Plan is not just a statement of intent; it is our blueprint for action. ASM is proud to be the first semiconductor company to receive a Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) Net Zero target verification in 2023  underscoring our commitment. With our plan aligned with this scientific standard  ASM is at the forefront of the industry’s move towards a sustainable future” remarked Benjamin Loh  President and CEO of ASM.The plan also highlights ASM’s achievements to date  including achieving 88% renewable electricity in 2023 aligned with our sourcing 100% renewable energy by 2024 target; Achieving BCA Green Mark Gold+ green building certification in Singapore; pursuing LEED Gold minimum rating for the new state-of-the-art sustainable facilities in Scottsdale  Arizona and in Dongtan  South Korea; deepened supplier engagement through the CDP Supply Chain Program; increased impact via ASM’s partnership with major semiconductor companies via Catalyze program amplifying industry-wide efforts. Notably  ASM’s leadership was recognized with a prestigious A- score for each of our most recent CDP Climate Change and Water Security submittals.ASM plans to build on these successes by focusing on renewable energy for our own operations and value chain energy needs. Innovation in product energy efficiency will additionally reduce our own and downstream operational footprint. Moving towards low-carbon procurement will reduce the impact our purchased goods.John Golightly  VP Global Head Sustainability added  “Our Climate Transition Plan is a living document that will evolve as we make progress toward reaching our net-zero target  it reflects our dedication to transparency  accountability and continuous improvement”.For more information about ASM’s Climate Transition Plan  asm.com/sustainability .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comInvestor relationsValentina FantigrossiT: +31 88 100 8502E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.6,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['Climate Transition Plan', 'Net Zero targets', 'ASM', 'BCA Green Mark Gold+ green building certification', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'LEED Gold minimum rating', 'Victor Bareño T', 'recent CDP Climate Change', 'Net Zero target verification', 'VP Global Head Sustainability', 'value chain energy needs', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'CDP Supply Chain Program', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'Valentina Fantigrossi T', 'prestigious A- score', 'Water Security submittals', 'downstream operational footprint', 'product energy efficiency', 'first semiconductor company', 'major semiconductor companies', 'Climate Transition Plan', 'art sustainable facilities', 'Catalyze program', '100% renewable energy', 'semiconductor devices', 'sustainability efforts', 'sustainable future', 'net-zero target', 'net-zero emissions', 'strategic pathway', 'leading role', 'semiconductor industry', 'scientific standard', 'Benjamin Loh', '88% renewable electricity', 'new state', 'South Korea', 'supplier engagement', 'industry-wide efforts', 'low-carbon procurement', 'John Golightly', 'living document', 'continuous improvement', 'process solutions', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'media relations', 'The Netherlands', 'Investor relations', '2024 target', 'Almere', 'March', 'launch', 'operations', 'products', 'environmentally', 'statement', 'intent', 'blueprint', 'action', 'commitment', 'forefront', 'move', 'President', 'CEO', 'achievements', 'date', 'sourcing', 'Singapore', 'Scottsdale', 'Arizona', 'Dongtan', 'impact', 'partnership', 'leadership', 'successes', 'Innovation', 'goods', 'progress', 'dedication', 'transparency', 'accountability', 'information', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'Contact', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38410,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-february-2024-monthly-factsheet-93CH-3356182,Tetragon Financial Group Limited February 2024 Monthly Factsheet By Investing.com,Tetragon Financial Group Limited February 2024 Monthly Factsheet,LONDON   March 28  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for February 2024 .Net Asset Value: $ 2 801m- Fully Diluted NAV Per Share: $30.93- Share Price ( TFG NA ): $9.60- Monthly NAV per share total return: 0.7%- Monthly Return on Equity: 0.8%- Most recent quarterly dividend: $0.11- Dividend yield: 4.6%Please refer to important disclosures on page three of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.February 2024 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon's non-voting shares are subject to restrictions on ownership by U.S. persons and are not intended for European retail investors.Please see: https://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders/additional-information.Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomasir@tetragoninv.comPress Inquiries:Prosek Partnerspro-tetragon@prosek.comU.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.45,0.54,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'Investing', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Net Asset Value', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'European retail investors', 'recent quarterly dividend', 'London Stock Exchange', 'U.S. persons', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'share total return', 'investment manager', 'Monthly Return', 'Dividend yield', 'U.K.', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'Diluted NAV', 'Share Price', 'TFG NA', 'Monthly NAV', 'important disclosures', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'February 2024 Factsheet', 'Prosek Partners', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Equity', 'page', 'tetragoninv', 'restrictions', 'ownership', 'shareholders', 'additional-information']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investing.com
38411,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854388/0/en/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC       Leuven  BELGIUM – March 28  2024 – 07:00 PM CET Oxurion NV...,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLCLeuven  BELGIUM – March 28  2024 – 07:00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Leuven  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received transparency notifications as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on March 27  2024  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of March 19  2024  it held 0 (zero) shares of the then outstanding 5 753 951 723 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of the sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is engaged in developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies for the treatment of retinal disease. Oxurion is based in Leuven  Belgium. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVPascal GhosonChief Executive OfficerPascal.ghoson@oxurion.com Backstage CommunicationJurgen VluijmansPartnerjurgen@backstagecom.be________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.4,0.41,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Jurgen Vluijmans Partner jurgen', 'Chief Executive Officer Pascal', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'voting securities', 'Pascal Ghoson', 'Transparency Notification', 'Euronext Brussels', '0 (zero) shares', 'outstanding 5,753,951,723 shares', 'next-generation standard', 'retinal disease', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'Backstage Communication', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'new information', 'Additional information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'various risks', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'March', '07:00 PM', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'sale', 'treatment', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'assets', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'backstagecom', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38412,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/oxurion-receives-transparency-notification-from-atlas-special-opportunities-llc-93CH-3357337,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC By Investing.com,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas (NYSE: ) Special Opportunities LLCLeuven  BELGIUM “ March 28  2024 “ 07:00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Leuven  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received transparency notifications as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on March 27  2024  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of March 19  2024  it held 0 (zero) shares of the then outstanding 5 753 951 723 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of the sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is engaged in developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies for the treatment of retinal disease. Oxurion is based in Leuven  Belgium. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company's Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVPascal GhosonChief Executive OfficerPascal.ghoson@oxurion.com Backstage CommunicationJurgen VluijmansPartnerjurgen@backstagecom.be_ ___1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1AttachmentsENOXUR Transparency Notification (NL) 20240328Source: Oxurion NV,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Investing.com', 'Oxurion', 'Oxurion NVPascal GhosonChief Executive OfficerPascal.ghoson', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', '07:00 PM CET Oxurion NV', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Backstage CommunicationJurgen VluijmansPartnerjurgen', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'Special Opportunities LLC', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'OXUR Transparency Notification', 'voting securities', 'transparency notifications', 'Euronext Brussels', '0 (zero) shares', 'outstanding 5,753,951,723 shares', 'next-generation standard', 'retinal disease', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'new information', 'Additional information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'various risks', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'NYSE', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'March', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'sale', 'treatment', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'assets', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'backstagecom', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Source']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investing.com
38413,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-Pays-Back-Outstanding-Balance-and-Cancels-its-Revolving-Credit-Facility-46307492/,VEON Pays Back Outstanding Balance and Cancels its Revolving Credit Facility,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  28 March 2024 – VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services   announces that it has repaid in full the outstanding balance of USD 805 million under its revolving credit facilit…,Amsterdam  28 March 2024 – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services (the “Company”)  announces that it has repaid in full the outstanding balance of USD 805 million (principal  excluding accrued interest) under its revolving credit facility (“RCF”) and cancelled the RCF.The repayment of the outstanding amount and the cancellation of the RCF will reduce VEON’s interest expenses  in line with our effective cash and balance sheet management practices.Important NoticeElements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on Nasdaq and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s expectations to enter into negotiations with lenders for a new RCF. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.The Company cautions that its forward-looking statements are based on its current expectations and assumptions  which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. These risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties described in the Company's filings with the SEC  including its most recent annual report on Form 20-F.Contact Information:Hande AsikGroup Director of Communicationpr@veon.comFaisal GhoriGroup Director of Investor Relationsir@veon.com,neutral,0.04,0.77,0.18,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['Revolving Credit Facility', 'Outstanding Balance', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Hande Asik Group Director', 'Faisal Ghori Group Director', 'balance sheet management practices', 'revolving credit facility', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'recent annual report', 'global digital operator', 'outstanding balance', 'digital services', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'accrued interest', 'outstanding amount', 'interest expenses', 'effective cash', 'Important Notice', '160 million customers', 'six countries', 'technology-driven services', 'economic growth', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'actual results', 'Form 20-F.', 'Investor Relations', 'inside information', 'Contact Information', 'unanticipated events', 'current expectations', 'The Company', 'press release', 'new RCF', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Nasdaq', 'USD', 'principal', 'repayment', 'cancellation', 'Elements', 'world', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'negotiations', 'lenders', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'assumptions', 'filings', 'Communication', '28']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38414,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Press-release-Orange-issues-700-million-euros-of-hybrid-notes-46306463/,Press release: Orange issues 700 million euros of hybrid notes -March 28  2024 at 03:01 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Press releaseParis  28 March 2024 NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Orange issues 700 million euros of hybrid notes Orange S.A. successfully priced the issuance of €700 million undated deeply subordinated fixed to reset…,"Press releaseParis  28 March 2024NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICAOrange issues 700 million euros of hybrid notesOrange S.A. (the Company) successfully priced the issuance of €700 million undated deeply subordinated fixed to reset rate notes with a first call date as of 15 December 2030 and with a fixed coupon of 4.50% until the first reset date (the New Notes).The New Notes are intended to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. It is also expected that the rating agencies will assign the New Notes a rating of BBB-/Baa3/BBB- (S&P / Moody's / Fitch) and an equity content of 50%.The Company also launched today a tender offer (the Tender Offer) to repurchase:its €1 billion Undated 6 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes with first reset date on 15 April 2025 and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0013413887) (of which €1 billion is currently outstanding) (the NC 2025 Existing Notes ); and); and its €1.25 billion Undated 12 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes with first reset date on 1st October 2026 and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris (ISIN XS1115498260) (of which €1.25 billion is currently outstanding) (the NC 2026 Existing Notes and  together with the NC 2025 Existing Notes  the Existing Notes) up to a maximum acceptance amount which will not exceed €700 000 000. Besides the Company has decided to set the Series Maximum Acceptance Amount with respect to NC 2025 Existing Notes at €550 000 000 and with respect to NC 2026 Existing Notes  at €150 000 000.The purpose of the Tender Offer and the planned issuance of New Notes is  amongst other things  to proactively manage the Company's hybrid portfolio. The Tender Offer also provides qualifying holders with the opportunity to sell their Existing Notes ahead of their respective upcoming first reset date and allows them to apply for priority in the allocation of the New Notes.DisclaimerThis announcement does not constitute an invitation to participate in the Tender Offer or the issuance of New Notes in or from any jurisdiction in or from which  or to or from any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such invitation under applicable securities laws. The distribution of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Tenders of Notes for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer will not be accepted from qualifying holders in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The Company does not make any recommendation as to whether or not qualifying holders should participate in the Tender Offer.Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under  or an exemption from the registration requirements of  the Securities Act. The New Notes have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  any U.S. Person.United StatesThis Tender Offer is not being made and will not be made directly or indirectly in or into  or by use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality (including  without limitation  facsimile transmission  telex  telephone  email and other forms of electronic transmission) of interstate or foreign commerce of  or any facility of a national securities exchange of  the United States or to U.S. Persons as defined in Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act) (each a U.S. Person) and the Notes may not be tendered in the Tender Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within the United States  by persons located or resident in the United States of America (“U.S. holders” within the meaning of Rule 800(h) under the Securities Act). Accordingly  any documents or materials related to this Tender Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly  mailed or otherwise transmitted  distributed or forwarded (including  without limitation  by custodians  nominees or trustees) in or into the United States or to any such person. Any purported tender instruction in response to this Tender Offer resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid  and tender instructions made by a person located or resident in the United States of America or any agent  fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States will not be accepted.For the purposes of the above paragraphs  United States means the United States of America  its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico  the U.S. Virgin Islands  Guam  American Samoa  Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands)  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 44.1 billion euros in 2023 and 137 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 73 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 298 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 254 million mobile customers and 25 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.comCaroline Cellier; caroline.cellier@orange.comCAUTION: NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATESThis press release  of a purely informative nature  is not and cannot in any way be construed as an offering to sell any securities  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy securities  in any jurisdiction  including the United States  Japan  Australia  Canada and the United Kingdom. The securities mentioned in this press release have not been and will not be registered pursuant to the US Securities Act of 1933  as modified. They cannot be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. No public offer of these securities has been or will be made in the United States or elsewhere.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Press release', '700 million euros', 'hybrid notes', 'Orange', 'March', '03:01', 'Series Maximum Acceptance Amount', 'U.S. Virgin Islands', 'upcoming first reset date', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Northern Mariana Islands', 'first call date', 'U.S. holders', 'national securities exchange', 'U.S. Person', 'NC 2025 Existing Notes', 'NC 2026 Existing Notes', 'applicable securities laws', 'Orange S.A.', 'The New Notes', 'The Tender Offer', 'S&P', 'Regulation S', 'hybrid notes', 'rate notes', 'qualifying holders', 'tender instruction', 'Press release', 'UNITED STATES', '700 million euros', 'equity content', '1st October', 'other things', 'hybrid portfolio', 'facsimile transmission', 'other forms', 'electronic transmission', 'foreign commerce', 'other intermediary', 'discretionary basis', 'Puerto Rico', 'American Samoa', 'Wake Island', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Company', 'rating agencies', 'ISIN XS1115498260', 'registration requirements', 'other jurisdiction', 'planned issuance', 'Persons', '28 March', 'DISTRIBUTION', '15 December', 'coupon', 'Moody', 'Fitch', '6 Year', '15 April', '12 Year', 'respect', 'purpose', 'opportunity', 'priority', 'allocation', 'Disclaimer', 'announcement', 'invitation', 'jurisdictions', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'Tenders', 'purchase', 'circumstances', 'solicitation', 'recommendation', 'exemption', 'account', 'benefit', 'use', 'mails', 'means', 'instrumentality', 'limitation', 'telex', 'telephone', 'email', 'interstate', 'facility', 'meaning', 'Rule', 'documents', 'materials', 'custodians', 'nominees', 'trustees', 'response', 'violation', 'instructions', 'agent', 'fiduciary', 'principal', 'above', 'paragraphs', 'territories', 'Guam', 'District', 'Columbia', '4.']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38415,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46306509/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares -March 28  2024 at 03:02 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 28-March-2024 / 07:00...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46306509/?utm_med…,"28 March 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 27 March 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 60 000 40 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.612 £1.380 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.588 £1.366 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.604327 £1.375630The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 644 797 549 shares  each carrying the right to one vote. TheCompany holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Numis Securities Ltd on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 7660 1.590 XDUB 09:59:37 00069382307TRLO0 7266 1.588 XDUB 09:59:37 00069382308TRLO0 6256 1.612 XDUB 13:01:10 00069386095TRLO0 6256 1.610 XDUB 13:20:12 00069386576TRLO0 1462 1.610 XDUB 13:20:12 00069386577TRLO0 329 1.608 XDUB 15:11:43 00069390455TRLO0 7689 1.608 XDUB 15:11:43 00069390456TRLO0 6880 1.608 XDUB 15:11:43 00069390457TRLO0 5380 1.606 XDUB 15:29:08 00069390864TRLO0 1694 1.606 XDUB 15:29:08 00069390865TRLO0 137 1.612 XDUB 15:58:11 00069392149TRLO0 1413 1.612 XDUB 15:58:11 00069392150TRLO0 2607 1.612 XDUB 15:58:11 00069392151TRLO0 4971 1.612 XDUB 16:06:11 00069392608TRLO0London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.34,0.65,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'March', '03:02', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Numis Securities Ltd', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Transaction Transaction reference number', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading Venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'shares Price', 'one vote', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'above purchases', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', '644,797,549 shares', 'March', 'broker', 'part', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'No', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00069382308TRLO0', '00069386095TRLO0', '00069386576TRLO0', '00069386577TRLO0', '00069390455TRLO0', '00069390456TRLO0', '00069390457TRLO0', '00069390864TRLO0', '00069390865TRLO0', '00069392149TRLO0', '00069392150TRLO0', '00069392151TRLO0', '00069392608TRLO0']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38416,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/POXEL-20505957/news/Poxel-to-Report-Its-2023-Annual-Results-by-the-End-of-April-2024-46314088/,Poxel to Report Its 2023 Annual Results by the End of April 2024,(marketscreener.com) Exclusive discussions and finalization of related documentation underway with a leading investor to monetize royalties from TWYMEEG® sales in JapanCash runway estimated to be sufficient until the completion of the transaction expect…,Exclusive discussions and finalization of related documentation underway with a leading investor to monetize royalties from TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin) sales in Japan Cash runway estimated to be sufficient until the completion of the transaction expected by the end of April  including tranches already drawn or fully available on the equity-linked financing facility with IRISRegulatory News:POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  announces the publication at the end of April 2024 of its 2023 Annual Results  originally scheduled for April 9  2024  given the expected completion of a transaction by the end of April.The Company  which has made significant progress in securing additional financing  is targeting to close  by the end of April  a transaction relating to the monetization of royalties from TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin) sales in Japan.Poxel expects that its financial resources will be sufficient to maintain its operations until the finalization of this monetization transaction.The Company will communicate its new financial calendar in April 2024 upon completion of this transaction.About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) met its primary endpoint in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). In rare diseases  development of PXL770  a first-in-class direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  is focused on the treatment of adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel’s first-in-class product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  is now marketed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan by Sumitomo Pharma and Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  and eleven other Asian countries. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328548115/en/,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['2023 Annual Results', 'Poxel', 'End', 'April', 'direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase', 'autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease', 'eleven other Asian countries', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'equity-linked financing facility', 'new financial calendar', 'Japan Cash runway', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'chronic serious diseases', 'rare disorders', 'rare diseases', 'additional financing', 'financial resources', 'other words', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'The Company', 'Exclusive discussions', 'related documentation', 'leading investor', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative treatments', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', '2023 Annual Results', 'significant progress', 'deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone', 'primary endpoint', 'Phase 2 trial', 'AMPK) activator', 'mitochondrial dysfunction', 'type 2 diabetes', 'Sumitomo Pharma', 'sales-based payments', 'strategic partnership', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'external hyperlinks', 'source version', 'Imeglimin) sales', 'class product', 'Euronext Paris', 'expected completion', 'Forward-looking statements', 'POXEL SA', 'monetization transaction', 'finalization', 'royalties', 'TWYMEEG®', 'April', 'tranches', 'IRIS', 'NASH', 'publication', 'operations', 'PXL065', 'streamlined', 'DESTINY', 'development', 'PXL770', 'adrenoleukodystrophy', 'ALD', 'ADPKD', 'China', 'Lyon', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Boston', 'Tokyo', 'information', 'poxelpharma', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'control', 'limitation', 'target', 'believe', 'aim', 'plan', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'content', 'View', 'businesswire']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38417,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/100177/worldline-gets-turkish-green-light-for-international-payments-in-partnership-with-lidio,Worldline gets Turkish green light for international payments in partnership with Lidio,Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payments services  today announces that Türkiye’s Central Bank (TCMB) has approved Worldline’s partnership with leading Turkish fintech company Lidio Payment Services Inc (Lidio) (TCMB announcement) to accept paym…,Source: WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payments services  today announces that Türkiye’s Central Bank (TCMB) has approved Worldline’s partnership with leading Turkish fintech company Lidio Payment Services Inc (Lidio) (TCMB announcement) to accept payments for global online businesses from Türkiye.The strategic partnership between Worldline and Lidio will help global online businesses to gain competitive advantage in Turkish expanding e-commerce.Türkiye’s e-commerce market is growing rapidly  reaching $72 billion in sales in 2023 with a growth rate of 103% compared to the year before according to official Government statistics. Worldline and Lidio have successfully onboarded three global enterprise customers delivering impressive payment performance improvement. Worldline and Lidio are currently onboarding a Big Tech customer onto the solution highlighting its robust capabilities and compliance with various regulations.The joint Worldline and Lidio solution streamlines the process of accepting Turkish payments  optimizing time  costs  and payment performance (of up to 25% in approval rate increase compared to a customer’s previous connection) while ensuring compliance with local regulations. This solution includes the acceptance of Troy cards for international businesses  this is crucial as the current volume of 19 million is expected to increase massively.Roman Tazetdinov  Head of Geo Expansion at Worldline Merchant Services  commented: “We are delighted to have received this official recognition and authorisation from Türkiye’s Central Bank. Together with our strategic partner Lidio we are now ideally placed to ensure that the widest possible array of international digital merchants have access to this hugely exciting market and are best placed to secure a successful implementation of their ambitions here.”Emre Güzer  Co-Founder & CEO of Lidio  said: “As one of the most exciting and rapidly expanding markets that uniquely crosses the divide between Asia and Europe  we will be working closely with Worldline to seek to facilitate and participate in this growth. This endorsement from Türkiye’s Central Bank enables our strategic  joint e-commerce proposition with Worldline to offer customers a seamless solution and ensure maximum satisfaction.”,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.64,0.35,0.02,True,English,"['Turkish green light', 'international payments', 'Worldline', 'partnership', 'Lidio', 'leading Turkish fintech company', 'impressive payment performance improvement', 'three global enterprise customers', 'strategic, joint e-commerce proposition', 'Lidio Payment Services Inc', 'Turkish expanding e-commerce', 'widest possible array', 'Emre Güzer', 'rapidly expanding markets', 'global online businesses', 'official Government statistics', 'approval rate increase', 'international digital merchants', 'Big Tech customer', 'Worldline Merchant Services', 'international businesses', 'global leader', 'e-commerce market', 'payments services', 'Turkish payments', 'strategic partner', 'official recognition', 'joint Worldline', 'Türkiye', 'Central Bank', 'competitive advantage', 'growth rate', 'robust capabilities', 'various regulations', 'previous connection', 'local regulations', 'Troy cards', 'current volume', 'Roman Tazetdinov', 'Geo Expansion', 'successful implementation', 'maximum satisfaction', 'TCMB announcement', 'exciting market', 'seamless solution', 'Lidio solution', 'partnership', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'sales', 'year', 'compliance', 'process', 'time', 'costs', 'acceptance', 'Head', 'authorisation', 'access', 'ambitions', 'Co-Founder', 'CEO', 'divide', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'endorsement']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,finextra.com
38418,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TARKETT-14899990/news/Tarkett-Availability-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-DocumentNew-window-46311919/,Tarkett : Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration DocumentNew window -March 28  2024 at 10:17 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Press release ____________   Tarkett Group   AVAILABILITY OF THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT   Paris  March 27  2024 - Tarkett informs that it has filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des …,"Press release ____________Tarkett GroupAVAILABILITY OF THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTParis  March 27  2024 - Tarkett informs that it has filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on March 27  2024.The 2023 Universal Registration Document  which includes the 2023 Annual Financial Report  includes in particular:- the Management Board report;- the Supervisory Board Report on Corporate Governance;- the Extra-Financial Performance Declaration;- the Statutory Auditors reports and the information related to their fees;- the share buyback program description; and- the agenda and draft resolutions of the Combined Shareholder's Meeting to be held on April 26  2024.This Document is made available to the public  free of charge under the conditions provided by applicable regulations and may be consulted on the ""Investors"" page of the Group's website(www.tarkett-group.com). It is also available on the AMF's website(www.amf-france.org).***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett -communication@tarkett.comBrunswick -tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a 140-year history  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and durable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating a turnover of 3.4 billion euros in 2023. The Group has around 12 000 employees and 23 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett designs and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  shops and sports fields  serving customers in more than 100 countries. To build ""The Way to Better Floors""  the Group is committed to the circular economy andsustainable development  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT).www.tarkett-group.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration DocumentNew window', 'Tarkett', 'Availability', 'March', '10:17', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'share buyback program description', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', '2023 Annual Financial Report', 'Management Board report', 'Supervisory Board Report', 'Extra-Financial Performance Declaration', 'Statutory Auditors reports', 'Investor Relations Contactinvestors', 'Euronext regulated market', '2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT', '23 R&D centers', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'Press release', 'Corporate Governance', 'Combined Shareholder', 'applicable regulations', 'Investors"" page', '140-year history', 'worldwide leader', 'durable flooring', '3.4 billion euros', '34 production sites', 'Better Floors', 'sustainable development', 'compartment B', 'The Way', 'Tarkett Group', 'The Group', 'AVAILABILITY', 'Paris', 'AMF', 'information', 'fees', 'agenda', 'draft', 'resolutions', 'Meeting', 'April', 'public', 'charge', 'conditions', 'website', 'tarkett-group', 'france', 'org', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'innovative', 'turnover', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'shops', 'customers', '100 countries', 'circular', 'economy', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38419,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VERALLIA-67015802/news/Verallia-Availability-of-the-2023-universal-registration-document-46313317/,Verallia : Availability of the 2023 universal registration document -March 28  2024 at 12:51 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Release   Paris  March 28  2024   Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document   The 2023 Universal Registration Document of Verallia has been filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers in ESEF format o…,"ReleaseParis  March 28  2024Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration DocumentThe 2023 Universal Registration Document of Verallia has been filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) in ESEF format on March 28  2024.The 2023 Universal Registration Document is available to the public  free of charge under the conditions provided by applicable regulations and may be consulted on the ""Investors"" page of the Group's website(www.verallia.com)  in the ""Regulated Information"" section  as well as on the AMF's website(www.amf-france.org).The 2023 Universal Registration Document notably includes:- the 2023 annual financial report;- the Board of Directors' annual management report;- the Board of Directors' report on corporate governance;- a description of the share buy-back program; and- the non-financial information statement.About VeralliaAt Verallia  our purpose is to re-imagine glass for a sustainable future. We want to redefine how glass is produced  reused and recycled  to make it the world's most sustainable packaging material. We are joining forces with our customers  suppliers and other partners across the value chain to develop new  beneficial and sustainable solutions for all.With around 11 000 employees and 34 glass production facilities in 12 countries  we are the European leader and world's third-largest producer of glass packaging for beverages and food products. We offer innovative  customised and environmentally friendly solutions to over 10 000 businesses worldwide.Verallia produced more than 16 billion glass bottles and jars in 2023 and recorded revenue of €3.9 billion. Verallia is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: VRLA - ISIN: FR0013447729) and trades on the following indices: CAC SBT 1.5°  STOXX600  SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC Mid & Small and CAC All-Tradable.Verallia investor relations contactDavid Placet |david.placet@verallia.comwww.verallia.com1|1",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['2023 universal registration document', 'Verallia', 'Availability', 'March', '12:51', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', ""Directors' annual management report"", 'Verallia investor relations contact', '2023 annual financial report', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'share buy-back program', 'non-financial information statement', 'Regulated Information"" section', 'environmentally friendly solutions', 'The 2023 Universal Registration', '34 glass production facilities', '16 billion glass bottles', 'sustainable packaging material', ""Directors' report"", 'sustainable solutions', 'glass packaging', 'regulated market', 'sustainable future', 'ESEF format', 'applicable regulations', 'Investors"" page', 'corporate governance', 'other partners', 'value chain', 'new, beneficial', 'European leader', 'largest producer', 'food products', 'innovative, customised', 'compartment A', 'following indices', 'David Placet', 'david.placet', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC SBT', 'CAC Mid', 'Release', 'Availability', 'AMF', 'public', 'charge', 'conditions', 'Group', 'website', 'org', 'Board', 'description', 'purpose', 'world', 'forces', 'customers', 'suppliers', '11,000 employees', '12 countries', 'third', 'beverages', '10,000 businesses', 'jars', 'revenue', 'Ticker', 'VRLA', 'ISIN', 'trades', 'STOXX600', 'SBF']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38420,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VERALLIA-67015802/news/Verallia-Availability-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46314473/,Verallia: Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document -March 28  2024 at 03:46 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:The 2023 Universal Registration Document of Verallia has been filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers in ESEF format on March 28  2024.The 2023 Universal Registration Document is available to the publi…,Regulatory News:The 2023 Universal Registration Document of Verallia (Paris:VRLA) has been filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) in ESEF format on March 28  2024.The 2023 Universal Registration Document is available to the public  free of charge under the conditions provided by applicable regulations and may be consulted on the “Investors” page of the Group’s website (www.verallia.com)  in the “Regulated Information” section  as well as on the AMF’s website (www.amf-france.org).The 2023 Universal Registration Document notably includes:– the 2023 annual financial report;– the Board of Directors’ annual management report;– the Board of Directors’ report on corporate governance;– a description of the share buy-back program; and– the non-financial information statement.About VeralliaAt Verallia  our purpose is to re-imagine glass for a sustainable future. We want to redefine how glass is produced  reused and recycled  to make it the world’s most sustainable packaging material. We are joining forces with our customers  suppliers and other partners across the value chain to develop new  beneficial and sustainable solutions for all.With around 11 000 employees and 34 glass production facilities in 12 countries  we are the European leader and world's third-largest producer of glass packaging for beverages and food products. We offer innovative  customised and environmentally friendly solutions to over 10 000 businesses worldwide.Verallia produced more than 16 billion glass bottles and jars in 2023 and recorded revenue of €3.9 billion. Verallia is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: VRLA – ISIN: FR0013447729) and trades on the following indices: CAC SBT 1.5°  STOXX600  SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC Mid & Small and CAC All-Tradable.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328589161/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Verallia', 'Availability', 'March', '03:46', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Directors’ annual management report', '2023 annual financial report', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'share buy-back program', 'non-financial information statement', 'environmentally friendly solutions', '34 glass production facilities', '16 billion glass bottles', 'sustainable packaging material', 'The 2023 Universal Registration', 'Directors’ report', 'sustainable solutions', 'Regulated Information', 'glass packaging', 'sustainable future', 'Regulatory News', 'ESEF format', 'applicable regulations', 'corporate governance', 'other partners', 'value chain', 'new, beneficial', 'European leader', 'largest producer', 'food products', 'innovative, customised', 'compartment A', 'regulated market', 'following indices', 'source version', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC SBT', 'CAC Mid', 'Verallia', 'VRLA', 'AMF', 'public', 'charge', 'conditions', 'Investors', 'page', 'Group', 'website', 'section', 'org', 'Board', 'description', 'purpose', 'world', 'forces', 'customers', 'suppliers', '11,000 employees', '12 countries', 'third', 'beverages', '10,000 businesses', 'jars', 'revenue', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'trades', 'STOXX600', 'SBF', 'businesswire']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38421,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Orange-Publication-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46314119/,Orange: Publication of the 2023 Universal Registration Document -March 28  2024 at 02:32 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Press releaseParis  28 March 2024 Publication of the 2023 Universal Registration Document On 28 March 2024  Orange filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers in France in ESEF format. The docum…,"Press releaseParis  28 March 2024Publication of the 2023 Universal Registration DocumentOn 28 March 2024  Orange filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) in France in ESEF format. The document includes the following information:the 2023 Annual Financial Report;the Report of the Board of Directors on Corporate Governance;the Consolidated Non-Financial Statement information on the next Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 22 May 2024.The Registration Document is available to the public on Orange’s corporate website: https://www.orange.com/en/regulated-information .About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 44.1 billion euros in 2023 and 137 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 73 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 298 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 254 million mobile customers and 25 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Tom Wright tom.wright@orange.com +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Orange', 'Publication', 'March', '02:32', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'New York Stock Exchange', '25 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Consolidated Non-Financial Statement', 'next Combined Ordinary', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'total customer base', 'new business model', 'leading telecommunications operators', '2023 Annual Financial Report', '254 million mobile customers', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '298 million customers', 'telecommunication services', 'leading provider', 'Press release', 'ESEF format', 'Corporate Governance', 'corporate website', '44.1 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'service names', 'Press contacts', 'Tom Wright', 'Orange Business', 'Euronext Paris', 'symbol ORA', 'The Group', 'following information', '28 March', 'Publication', 'AMF', 'France', 'Board', 'Directors', '22 May', 'regulated-information', 'world', 'revenues', '137,000 employees', '31 December', '73,000 employees', '26 countries', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38422,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854403/0/en/Orange-Publication-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document.html,Orange: Publication of the 2023 Universal Registration Document,Press releaseParis  28 March 2024        Publication of the 2023 Universal Registration Document        On 28 March 2024  Orange filed its 2023...,"Press releaseParis  28 March 2024Publication of the 2023 Universal Registration DocumentOn 28 March 2024  Orange filed its 2023 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) in France in ESEF format. The document includes the following information:the 2023 Annual Financial Report;the Report of the Board of Directors on Corporate Governance;the Consolidated Non-Financial Statement information on the next Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 22 May 2024.The Registration Document is available to the public on Orange’s corporate website: https://www.orange.com/en/regulated-information .About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 44.1 billion euros in 2023 and 137 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 73 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 298 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2023  including 254 million mobile customers and 25 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Tom Wright tom.wright@orange.com +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Orange', 'Publication', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'New York Stock Exchange', '25 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Consolidated Non-Financial Statement', 'next Combined Ordinary', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'total customer base', 'new business model', 'leading telecommunications operators', '2023 Annual Financial Report', '254 million mobile customers', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '298 million customers', 'telecommunication services', 'leading provider', 'Press release', 'ESEF format', 'Corporate Governance', 'corporate website', '44.1 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'service names', 'Press contacts', 'Tom Wright', 'Orange Business', 'Euronext Paris', 'symbol ORA', 'The Group', 'following information', '28 March', 'Publication', 'AMF', 'France', 'Board', 'Directors', '22 May', 'regulated-information', 'world', 'revenues', '137,000 employees', '31 December', '73,000 employees', '26 countries', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38423,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CIRCLE-S-P-A-46844058/news/Circle-Group-Board-of-directors-approves-results-as-of-December-31-2023-46314394/,Circle Group: Board of directors approves results as of December 31  2023 -March 28  2024 at 03:23 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   CIRCLE GROUP: BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES RESULTS AS OF DECEMBER 31  2023   CONSOLIDATED PRODUCTION VALUE UP BY 22%  AMOUNTING TO EURO 13.2 MILLION   REVENUES FROM PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE PRODUCTS UP BY 100%  …,"PRESS RELEASECIRCLE GROUP: BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES RESULTS AS OF DECEMBER 31  2023CONSOLIDATED PRODUCTION VALUE UP BY 22%  AMOUNTING TO EURO 13.2 MILLIONREVENUES FROM PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE PRODUCTS UP BY 100%CONSOLIDATED EBITDA UP BY 63%  AMOUNTING TO EURO 3.2 MILLION WITH EBITDA MARGIN EQUAL TO 24%CONSOLIDATED EBIT UP BY 106%  AMOUNTING TO EURO 2.05 MILLIONCONSOLIDATED NET PROFIT UP BY 102%  AMOUNTING TO EURO 1.7 MILLIONADJUSTED NET FINANCIAL POSITION (CASH POSITIVE) AMOUNTING TO EURO 4.1 MILLION● Main consolidated results as of December 31  2023:● Production value amounted to Euro 13.2 million  up by 22% (Euro 10.9 million as of 12/31/2022)  with an increase in revenues from the sale of proprietary products (particularly  Milos®) by 100%● EBITDA amounted to Euro 3.2 million (Euro 2 million as of 12/31/2022)● EBIT amounted to Euro 2.05 million (Euro 1 million as of 12/31/2022)● Net profit amounted to Euro 1.7 million (Euro 0.8 million as of 12/31/2022)● Adjusted Net Financial Position (cash positive) amounted to Euro 4.1 million (Euro 2.9 million as of 12/31/2022)Milan  28th March 2024The Board of Directors of CIRCLE S.p.A. (""CIRCLE"" or ""the Company"")  innovative SME heading the homonymous Group specialized in the analysis and development of innovative digitization solutions for port and intermodal logistics and in international consultancy with focus on GreenDeal and energy transition  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana  today approved the consolidated financial statements and the budget for the fiscal year 2023.Luca Abatello  President & CEO of CIRCLE Group  stated: ""2023 was a very eventful year  marked by significant market changes and geopolitical shifts; for CIRCLE Group  it was a year of considerable satisfaction. The Group's growth continued along the two pivotal axes of developing proprietary software products and innovative projects. Milos® Federative Services played a fundamental role in the Connect for Agile Growth industrial plan  along with the introduction of new products such as Milos® MTO  Milos® Global Supply Chain Visibility  and Milos® Intelligence. The focus increasingly revolves around activities capable of providing immediate added value to customers and effectively addressing the daily challenges that require dematerialization and proactive management.On the European front  we advanced key initiatives related to Green & Energy Transition  signed numerous new European projects  and are working on the implementation at the European level in 9 Member States of the new eFTI Regulation 2020/1056 for the fully dematerialized management of goods accompanying documents and for the standardized management at the European level of checks along the multimodal logistics chain.In addition to this  there are excellent prospects for 2024: we have finally entered the heart of the Next Generation EU and Energy Transition plans  which will peak between mid-2024 and mid-2026  also benefiting from PNRR and 5.0 funds"".Main consolidated results as of December 31  2023CIRCLE Group recorded a Production Value of Euro 13.2 million  representing a 22% increase compared to Euro 10.9 million as of December 31  2022. The growth in revenues from proprietary software products  also offered as SaaS (Software As A Service) on a cloud platform  was even more pronounced compared to the previous fiscal year  with a 100% increase (Euro 3.2 million as December 31  2023 compared to Euro 2 million as of December 31  2022). The decision made towards the end of 2022 to significantly reduce sales to non-CORE market components and those not related to proprietary products  ederative services  and specialist consulting has been consolidated. This deliberate reduction in growth compared to expectations reflects the focus on components that are strategically more important and offer higher added value.EBITDA amounts to Euro 3.2 million (Euro 2 million as of 31/12/2022) with an EBITDA Margin of 24% (18% as of December 31  2022).EBIT is Euro 2 million (Euro 1 million as of 31/12/2022)  representing a 160% growth.Net Profit stands at Euro 1.7 million (Euro 0.8 million as of 31/12/2022)  representing a 102% growth.Net Financial Position is positive (cash positive) and amounts to Euro 1.7 million (Euro 1.8 million as of 31/12/2022).Adjusted Net Financial Position (including receivables from the European Union  structurally deferred due to community regulations) is positive at Euro 4.1 million (Euro 2.9 as of 31/12/2022).Equity amounts to 9 9 Euro million (Euro 8.3 million as of December 31  2022).Main CIRCLE S.p.A. results as of December 31  2023The Production Value amounts to Euro 6.3 million (Euro 5.1 million as of December 31  2022)  representing a 22% growth.EBITDA amounts to Euro 1.8 million (Euro 1 million as of December 31  2022)  marking an 80% increase.EBIT stands at Euro 1.3 million compared to Euro 0.5 million as of December 31  2022  showing a 183% growthNet Profit amounts to Euro 1.1 million  compared to Euro 0.4 million as of December 31  2022  representing a 151% growthNet Financial Position is positive (cash) at Euro 0.6 million (positive for 0.6 Euro million as of December 31  2022).Equity amounts to Euro 8 million (Euro 7 million as of December 31  2022).Profit Allocation ProposalThe Board of Directors of Circle S.p.A. has resolved to propose to the Shareholders' Meeting to allocate the net profit for the year  amounting to 1.097.085 Euro  entirely to retained earnings.Own SharesOn 31st December 2023 own shares of the Company are equal to 26.070 equal to 0.65% of total shareholders' equity.Significant events during the reporting period● 04/01/2023 - Contract signed to provide Milos® MTO and Federative Services to a major logistics operator in northern Italy (contract value: approximately Euro 400 000)● 11/01/2023 - New order for the implementation of a comprehensive Federative Services project (contract value: approximately Euro 270 000)● 02/02/2023 - Framework contract signed for approximately Euro 450 000 with a leading European multimodal customs operator for Master SPED® and Federative Services● 08/02/2023 - Primary Mediterranean port relies on CIRCLE Group's ""Port Community System"" services (contract value: approximately Euro 500 000 over 4 years)● 21/02/2023 - Important Mediterranean port chooses CIRCLE Group's ""Port Community Services"" (contract value: approximately Euro 290 000 over 4 years)● 16/03/2023 - New order for ""Port Community System"" services (contract value: approximately Euro 500 000 over 9 months)● 03/04/2023 - Participation in the Investor Day organized by Banca Profilo in Milan● 04-05/04/2023 - Participation in the Investor Access Event in Paris● 03/05/2023 - Signed project worth approximately Euro 300 000 with a leading international multimodal logistics operator for innovative digitalization activities related to the international cargo sector● 22/05/2023 - Signed a new project worth approximately Euro 250 000 (for the period 2023-2025) with a leading Mediterranean port● 08/06/2023 - Participation in the Iberian Digital Investor Day● 22/06/2023 - Minimum trading lot set at 330 shares from Monday  June 26  2023● 22/06/2023 - Awarded the eFTI4EU project (contract value: approximately Euro 560 000 over 36 months) financed under the Connecting Europe Facility (CEF2) program● 26-30/06/2023 - Participation in the Mid & Small | Virtual 2023 event organized by Virgilio IR● 24/07/2023 - Launch of MTO Planning Optimization and Best Trucker Selection on the market  two new integrated digital solutions for planning  optimization  and control of the Supply Chain; Expected Production Value related to Milos® Intelligence in the biennium 2023-24 is Euro 1 million● 01/08/2023 - New order to provide ""Port Community System"" solutions to a Mediterranean port (contract value: approximately Euro 130 000 over 9 months)● 03/08/2023 - CINEA - European Agency for Climate  Infrastructure  and Environmentextends the E-BRIDGE project by 18 months; The Amendment to the Grant Agreement entails over Euro 800 000 as additional co-financing reserved for Circle● 16/08/2023 - Contract worth over Euro 510 000 with a multimodal operator for innovative digital and customs services● 28/08/2023 - Contract worth approximately Euro 135 000 with a new port in the eastern Mediterranean● 31/08/2023 - Contract worth over Euro 200 000 with a European intermodal and terminal operator● 21/09/2023 - New contracts signed through Magellan Circle for a total amount of approximately Euro 100 000● 26/09/2023 - Mission in Morocco coordinated by the Italian Embassy in Morocco and ITA with the Eastern Adriatic Sea Port Authority  Chamber of Commerce of Friuli Venezia Giulia  and Confindustria Friuli-Venezia Giulia● 05/10/2023 - Award of the tender launched by the European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) to carry out a feasibility study for the Single Maritime Window (contract value: approximately Euro 144 000)● 17/10/2023 - Participation in the Next Gems 2023 Conference● 15/11/2023 - New order to provide Master SPED® and Milos® Federative Services to a leading European customs expediter (contract value: approximately Euro 200 000)● 17/11/2023 - Participation in the Financial Gala● 27/11/2023 - Approval by FILSE on behalf of the Liguria Region for ""TULIP "" the project aimed at increasing the interoperability and intermodality of the Ligurian logistics chain (contract value: approximately Euro 220 000 over 18 months)● 28/11/2023 - Participation in the AI Smart Investor Day● 04/12/2023 - Approval by FILSE on behalf of the Liguria Region for ""TRUST - TRUcking SmarTer"" for the digital transformation of logistics and freight transport and the promotion of greater efficiency  safety  and sustainability (contract value: approximately Euro 130 000 over 18 months)● 11/12/2023 - Agreement signed to acquire 20% of the share capital of ACCUDIRE  an Innovative Startup from Veneto● 14/12/2023 - Leading Mediterranean port relies on CIRCLE Group's ""Port Community System"" services (contract value: approximately Euro 200 000 over 9 months)● 21/12/2023 - Awarded a new project financed by FILSE under the Regional FESR 2021- 2027 Program (contract value: approximately Euro 69 000 over 7 months)● 28/12/2023 - Transformation of the corporate name of the subsidiary Progetto Adele gives rise to NEXT FREIGHT for the freight forwarders and freight forwarders of the future.Significant events after the reporting periodIn the first months of 2024  Magellan Circle stood out for winning four significant tenders. In particular:● The BlueBARGE project for the electric power supply of ships  funded by the Horizon Europe program and valued at Euro 213 000 over 36 months.● The FOREMAST project for modal shift from road to maritime transport through the use of prototypes of automated  small  flexible  and zero-emission vessels  also funded by the Horizon Europe program and valued at Euro 235 000 over 36 months.● The assignment entrusted by the European Union to lead a highly qualified Consortium to support the EU in the development of policies related to the new European Maritime Space that will replace the Motorways of the Sea in the new TEN-T Regulation. The contract for CIRCLE has a value of Euro 138 000  with the possibility of extension up to 48 months and a maximum value of Euro 277 000.● The ACROSS project for the development of revolutionary technologies and solutions for adaptive camouflage  funded by the European Defence Fund with a budget for CIRCLE of over Euro 0.4 million over 42 months.Significant results have also been achieved in relation to the Regional FESR 2021-2027 Program funded by FILSE  including the DEUS project with approximately Euro 190 000 in non-repayable contributions due to CIRCLE over 18 months.Finally  another significant moment in the first quarter was the establishment of the NewCo NEXT Customs  dedicated to digital services for customs optimization and functional to the continuation of initiatives aimed at harmonizing customs processes  ensuring a more efficient  rapid  and streamlined transportation and logistics flow  as well as compliance with current customs regulations.Business outlook 2024 is a year filled with high expectations following an extremely positive 2023.We anticipate a progressively accelerating trend throughout the year: a first part marked by growth but still somewhat conditioned by delays in the Next Generation EU  PNRR  conflicts in Ukraine and Palestine  and crises in the Red Sea region; a second part that will witness acceleration both due to the deployment of the initial PNRR funds and a market recovery  as well as hoped-for easing of international geopolitical and military crises. In this context  the focus on federative services  proprietary products  and sharing best practices will be even higher  and webelieve that in various market segments there will be significant opportunities stemming from the approval  after many years  of the e-CMR (electronic consignment note formally approved in Parliament on March 5  2024) and the progressive implementation of eFTI (integrated digital checks along the multimodal logistics chain - formally entering into force on August 21  2024).There is also strong anticipation for the new 5.0 tools and the ""ZES UNICA""  expected to gradually roll out in the coming months of 2024 but not yet fully operational.At the same time  the consolidation of the Next Generation EU Plan has generated a strong demand for support services related to European project planning and ""EU Branding"" which continue to be very intense both in terms of direct EU projects and private companies interested in maximizing existing opportunities  which have never been as extensive as they are now.Proposal to the assembly for authorization to purchase and dispose of own shares by the Company pursuant to articles 2357 and following of the Civil CodeThe Board of Directors of Circle has discussed and approved to propose to the Shareholders' Meeting the authorization under and for the purposes of articles 2357 and following of the Civil Code to purchase and subsequently dispose of own shares. The proposal aims to provide the Company with a useful strategic investment opportunity for any purpose permitted by current European and national regulations  including purposes contemplated in article 5 of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation  hereinafter ""MAR"") and related implementing provisions  where applicable  and in market practices admitted pursuant to article 13 of MAR  for the following purposes  merely by way of example and not exhaustive: (i) in the use of shares in operations connected to the characteristic management or projects consistent with the Company's strategic lines  in relation to which there is an opportunity for share exchanges; (ii) in being able to dispose of own shares  in line with the strategic lines that the Company intends to pursue  as consideration in the context of any extraordinary operations  such as  merely by way of example and not exhaustive  acquisitions  mergers  spin-offs  etc.  and/or for other uses deemed of financial/management and/or strategic interest to the Company itself; (iii) supporting the liquidity of the shares themselves in compliance with the criteria set by regulations  including regulatory  by carrying out  through the use of intermediaries  any investment operations also to contain anomalous movements in quotations  to regularize the trend of negotiations and prices  so as to favor the regular conduct of negotiations outside of normal variations linked to market trends; (iv) allowing efficient use of the Company's liquidity from a medium to long-term investment perspective; as well as (v) allowing purchases of shares from beneficiaries of any stock-option plans and/or stock-grant plans (including the Connect 4 Agile Growth 2027 Stock Grant Plan  if approved).The authorization is requested in order to grant to the Board of Directors the power to carry out the purchase  in one or more tranches  to an extent freely determined by the Board of Directors itself  up to a maximum number that  considering the Circle shares held by the Company and by companies controlled by it from time to time  does not exceed 20% of the Company's capital and for a maximum consideration  in any case  of Euro 4 000 000. Purchases must be made in compliance with article 25-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers Regulation and within the limits of distributable profits and/or available reserves resulting from the last regularly approved financial statements at the time of each transaction  provided that  pursuant to article 2357  paragraph 1  of the Civil Code  only fully paid-up shares may be purchased.The Board of Directors has resolved to propose to the Shareholders' Meeting that the purchase transactions of own shares be carried out on the Euronext Growth Milan multilateral trading system at a consideration neither lower or higher by more than 15% compared to the reference price recorded by the share in the last trading session preceding each individual transaction in compliance with the trading conditions established in article 3  paragraph 2  of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  implementing MAR  and in particular: (i) the shares cannot be purchased at a price higher than the highest price between the price of the last independent transaction and the price of the current independent purchase offer on the trading venue where the purchase is made; (ii) it will not be possible to purchase on any trading day a volume of shares exceeding 25% of the average daily volume of Circle shares traded in the 20 trading days preceding the purchase dates.The authorization will be granted for a period of 18 (eighteen) months  from the possible shareholders' meeting resolution approving the proposal. Within the duration period of any authorization granted  the Board of Directors may proceed with the purchase transactions in one or more times and at any time  to the extent and times freely determined in compliance with the applicable rules  according to any method permitted by current regulations (article 144-bis of the Issuers Regulation) and with the gradualness considered appropriate in the interest of the Company  while the authorization to dispose of own shares purchased and/or already owned by the Company is requested without time limits  pursuant to current regulations  and to allow the Board of Directors to avail itself of the maximum flexibility  also in terms of timing  to carry out acts of disposal of own shares.As for the acts of disposal and/or use of own shares  purchased under this proposal or in the Company's portfolio  they may be carried out  under the conditions and within the limits of the law  pursuant to article 2357-ter of the Civil Code  at any time  in whole or in part  by selling them on the market  in blocks or otherwise off-market or by transferring any real and/or personal rights related to them (including  by way of example only  securities lending)  even before having exhausted the quantity of own shares that can be purchased.For any further information regarding the proposal for authorization to purchase and dispose of own shares  please refer to the Explanatory Report of the Administrators to the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting  which will be published on the websitewww.circlegroup.eu in the Investor/Shareholders' Meetings section  within the limits of the law.As of today  the Company holds 29 700 own shares in its portfolio  corresponding to 0.74% of the share capital.Incentive plan involving ordinary shares of Circle S.p.A. (""Stock Grant Plan Connect 4 Agile Growth 2027"")Subsequently  the Board of Directors discussed and resolved to propose to the Shareholders' Meeting the adoption of the stock grant plan called ""Connect 4 Agile Growth 2027 Stock Grant Plan"" (the ""Plan"") to be allocated to individuals who play a central role for the Company and the Group (the ""Beneficiaries"").The Plan aims to consolidate the sharing of strategic objectives between the Company and its ""key"" resources  with a perspective of increasing involvement  awareness  and coordination  as well as  naturally  medium-to-long-term incentivization and retention.This plan spans a period of three years and provides the opportunity for Beneficiaries to accrue rights to receive ordinary shares of the Company free of charge  up to a maximum of a total of 120 000 shares  in proportion to the achievement of certain objectives related to the Group's growth  such as profitability  growth of proprietary products and innovative projects  people engagement  and talent management  considering that for a highly innovative  international  and trend-anticipating company  employee satisfaction and retention of key personnel are decisive factors.The allocation of rights to Beneficiaries will be made by the Company's Board of Directors in three tranches  all subject to the same vesting period  which will expire at the end of the three-year duration of the Plan (i.e.  June 30  2027).The ordinary shares of Circle  allocated to each Beneficiary under the Plan  shall be subject to a lock-up period of 12 months from the respective allocation date.The approval of the Plan will be submitted to the Shareholders' Meeting  which will be convened  on first call  for April 29  2024.For further information regarding the details of the Plan  please refer to the explanatory reportof the Board of Directors  which will be made available to the public within the deadline for the publication of the notice convening the Shareholders' Meeting in accordance with applicable regulations.Additionally  on the same date  the Board of Directors proposed to the same Shareholders' Meeting to increase the share capital free of charge  pursuant to and for the purposes of article 2349 of the Civil Code and article 5 of the Company's bylaws  on a divisible basis and to be executed in multiple tranches  by the latest deadline of June 30  2027  for a maximum amount of nominal Euro 8 055  by attributing to the capital an amount corresponding to the same amount of the aforementioned reserves  with the issuance of a maximum of 120 000 ordinary shares without indication of nominal value  with regular entitlement  having the same characteristics as those in circulation  at an issue price equal to the implicit book value of the Company's shares  to be entirely allocated to the share capital  to be used for the ""Connect 4 Agile Growth 2027 Stock Grant Plan."" It should be noted that the Plan  at the discretion of the Board of Directors  may also be executed through the allocation of own shares possibly purchased and/or held by Circle pursuant to the authorization that may be resolved under articles 2357 and following of the Civil Code.Other resolutions of the Board of DirectorsIn order to comply with the recent amendments to the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers Regulation (""EGM Issuers Regulation"") as per the notice from Borsa Italiana S.p.A. No. 43747 dated November 17  2023  which came into effect on December 4  2023  with particular reference to the provisions contained in Article 6-bis  relating to the appointment of independent directors  considering the elimination of the obligation previously imposed on the Euronext Growth Advisor to assess the independence requirements of candidates for the position of independent director of all companies already listed on the EGM market  the Board of Directors  among other things  resolved to repeal the ""Procedure for submitting the evaluation of the independent director to the Euronext Growth Advisor"" previously adopted by the Company.Furthermore  in order to incorporate what was communicated by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana) in notice No. 31776 published on September 27  2021  regarding the ""rebranding"" activities of the markets organized and managed by the same following the completion of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana group by Euronext N.V.  the Board of Directors updated all references to the previous names of the markets and regulations of Borsa Italiana present in the current text of the Articles of Association  and the figure of the Nominated Adviser has been renamed to Euronext Growth Advisor.Finally  the Board of Directors resolved to submit to the shareholders' meeting the necessary",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.91,0.08,0.02,True,English,"['Circle Group', 'Board', 'directors', 'results', 'December', 'March', '03:23', 'Main CIRCLE S.p.A. results', 'Milos® Global Supply Chain Visibility', 'Agile Growth industrial plan', 'ADJUSTED NET FINANCIAL POSITION', 'numerous new European projects', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Main consolidated results', 'multimodal logistics chain', 'significant market changes', 'two pivotal axes', 'new eFTI Regulation', 'goods accompanying documents', 'Next Generation EU', 'consolidated financial statements', 'DIRECTORS APPROVES RESULTS', 'immediate added value', 'higher added value', 'innovative digitization solutions', 'CORE market components', 'Milos® Federative Services', 'CONSOLIDATED NET PROFIT', 'Energy Transition plans', 'PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE PRODUCTS', 'previous fiscal year', 'The Production Value', 'new products', 'innovative projects', 'proprietary products', 'CONSOLIDATED PRODUCTION', 'CIRCLE GROUP', 'Milos® MTO', 'Milos® Intelligence', 'intermodal logistics', 'The Group', 'European front', 'European level', 'European Union', 'innovative SME', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'CASH POSITIVE', '28th March', 'homonymous Group', 'international consultancy', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Luca Abatello', 'eventful year', 'geopolitical shifts', 'considerable satisfaction', 'fundamental role', 'daily challenges', 'proactive management', 'key initiatives', '9 Member States', 'dematerialized management', 'standardized management', 'excellent prospects', 'cloud platform', 'specialist consulting', 'deliberate reduction', 'community regulations', 'Equity amounts', '100% CONSOLIDATED EBITDA', 'EURO 13.2 MILLION', 'EURO 3.2 MILLION', 'EURO 2.05 MILLION', 'EURO 1.7 MILLION', 'EURO 4.1 MILLION', 'EBITDA Margin', '160% growth', '102% growth', '22% growth', '183% growth', 'BOARD', 'DECEMBER', 'REVENUES', 'increase', 'sale', 'analysis', 'development', 'port', 'focus', 'GreenDeal', 'budget', 'President', 'CEO', 'Connect', 'introduction', 'activities', 'customers', 'dematerialization', 'implementation', 'checks', 'addition', 'heart', 'mid-20', 'PNRR', '5.0 funds', 'SaaS', 'decision', 'expectations', '31/12', 'receivables', '24', '●']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38424,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEODECORTECH-S-P-A-37892957/news/Neodecortech-S-p-A-Publication-of-the-Annual-Report-at-31-December-2023-and-further-documents-46313896/,Neodecortech S p A : Publication of the Annual Report at 31 December 2023 and further documents -March 28  2024 at 01:56 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   COMUNICATO STAMPA   Publication of the Annual Report at 31 December 2023 and further documents   Filago  28 March 2024   Neodecortech S.p.A.   one of Europe's top players in the production of decorative papers for laminated p…,"COMUNICATO STAMPAPublication of the Annual Report at 31 December 2023 and further documentsFilago  28 March 2024Neodecortech S.p.A. (""NDT"" o la ""Company"")  one of Europe's top players in the production of decorative papers for laminated panels and flooring used in interior design  listed on Euronext Milan  a market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. - Euronext STAR Milan Segment  announces that the following documents are publicly available at the registered office  at the authorized storage mechanism ""1info"" atwww.1info.it  as well as on the Company website at www.neodecortech.it (Investor/Corporate Governance/Documenti e assemblee/Assemblee section):- the Annual Report at 31 December 2023  including the Draft Financial Statements at 31 December 2023  the Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2023  the Directors' Report on Operations and the statement of the Financial Reporting Manager pursuant to Article 154-bis  paragraph 5  of Legislative Decree 58/1998 (the ""TUF"")  together with the Board of Statutory Auditors' Report and the Independent Auditors' Report (the ""2023 Annual Report"")1;- the non-financial statement pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 254 of 30 December 2016  prepared on a voluntary basis and including limited assurance (the ""NFS"");- the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure pursuant to Article 123-bis TUF;- the Report on the Remuneration Policy and on Compensation Paid pursuant to Article 123-ter TUF.The 2023 Annual Report and the NFS are also publicly available on the Company websitewww.neodecortech.it in the Investor/Investor relations/Documenti finanziari/2024 section.Full copies of the financial statements of the subsidiaries  Cartiere di Guarcino S.p.A. and Bio Energia Guarcino S.r.l.  are also filed with and made available at the Company's registered office.Neodecortech S.p.A.Neodecortech is one of Europe's top players in the production of decorative surfaces for laminated panels and flooring used in interior design. The Group's business is in the production of complete and technologically advanced solutions for the realization of interior design projects  covering all stages of the production process for the production of decorative paper  from raw material management  through surface finishing and impregnation  up to the finished product and the management of end-of-line logistics. The Group offers 7 product categories: decorative papers; decorative printings; finish foil; melamine film; PPF and PPLF; laminates; EOS anti-fingerprint surfaces (www.neodecortech.it).ISIN Code ordinary shares: IT00052757781 The 2023 Annual Report will be made publicly available  in the manners indicated above  in the ESEF format set forth in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815  as well as  on a voluntary basis  in the supplementary PDF format.Neodecortech S.p.A. - Via Provinciale 2  24040 Filago (BG) ItalyTel. +39 035996111 - Fax +39 035995225 -www.neodecortech.itFor further information:Specialist BPER Banca S.p.A.neodecortech@bper.it 051-2756537 www. bper.it Investor Relator Neodecortech S.p.A. T +39 035 99 63 02 F +39 035 99 52 25 Luigi Cologniinvestor.relations@neodecortech.itwww.neodecortech.it* * *This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to the public or an invitation to subscribe or purchase financial instruments in Italy or any other country where such offer or solicitation would be subject to restrictions or authorization by local authorities or otherwise prohibited by law. This press release may not be published  distributed or transmitted to the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. The shares mentioned in this press release cannot be offered or sold in either Italy or the United States or any other jurisdiction without registration under the applicable provisions or an exemption from the obligation to register under the applicable provisions. The shares mentioned in this press release have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 nor under the applicable provisions in Italy  Australia  Canada  Japan or any other jurisdiction.There will be no offer to the public of the Company's shares either in Italy or in the United States  Australia  Canada or Japan or elsewhere.Neodecortech S.p.A. - Via Provinciale 2  24040 Filago (BG) Italy Tel. +39 035996111 - Fax +39 035995225 -www.neodecortech.itNeodecortech S.p.A. - Via Provinciale 2  24040 Filago (BG) Italy Tel. +39 035996111 - Fax +39 035995225 -www.neodecortech.it",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['Neodecortech S', 'Annual Report', 'Publication', '31 December', 'documents', 'March', '01:56', 'Bio Energia Guarcino S.r.l.', 'Cartiere di Guarcino S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Neodecortech S.p.A. T', 'Euronext STAR Milan Segment', 'ISIN Code ordinary shares', 'authorized storage mechanism', 'US Securities Act', 'BPER Banca S.', 'Financial Reporting Manager', 'EOS anti-fingerprint surfaces', 'supplementary PDF format', 'Draft Financial Statements', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', ""Statutory Auditors' Report"", ""Independent Auditors' Report"", 'raw material management', 'interior design projects', 'Documenti finanziari/2024 section', 'The 2023 Annual Report', 'it Investor Relator', 'A.neodecortech', 'Euronext Milan', 'financial instruments', 'decorative surfaces', 'The Group', 'ESEF format', ""Directors' Report"", 'COMUNICATO STAMPA', 'top players', 'decorative papers', 'laminated panels', 'registered office', 'Corporate Governance', 'Assemblee section', 'Legislative Decree', 'voluntary basis', 'limited assurance', 'Ownership Structure', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Full copies', 'surface finishing', 'finished product', 'line logistics', '7 product categories', 'decorative printings', 'finish foil', 'melamine film', 'Delegated Regulation', 'Via Provinciale', 'Luigi Cologniinvestor', 'press release', 'informational purposes', 'other country', 'local authorities', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable provisions', 'info.it', 'following documents', 'non-financial statement', 'Company website', 'production process', 'bper.', 'Publication', '31 December', 'Filago', '28 March', 'NDT', 'Europe', 'flooring', 'market', '1info', 'Operations', 'Article', 'bis', 'paragraph', 'TUF', 'Board', '30 December', 'NFS', 'Compensation', 'subsidiaries', 'business', 'complete', 'technologically', 'solutions', 'realization', 'stages', 'impregnation', 'PPF', 'PPLF', 'laminates', 'manners', 'BG', 'Italy', 'Tel.', 'Fax', 'Specialist', 'relations', 'offer', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'restrictions', 'authorization', 'law', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'registration', 'exemption', 'obligation']",2023-03-29,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38425,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALTECNE-S-P-A-150803613/news/Valtecne-profit-and-revenues-rise-to-double-digits-pushes-Medical-business-46309323/,Valtecne  profit and revenues rise to double digits; pushes Medical business,(marketscreener.com) Valtecne Spa reported Thursday that it ended 2023 with a profit of EUR3.2 million  up 28 percent from EUR2.5 million in the previous year. Sales revenues rose to EUR30.7 million from EUR24.1 million pro forma in 2022 and showed a 28 perce…,"(Alliance News) - Valtecne Spa reported Thursday that it ended 2023 with a profit of EUR3.2 million  up 28 percent from EUR2.5 million in the previous year.Sales revenues rose to EUR30.7 million from EUR24.1 million pro forma in 2022 and showed a 28 percent increase. ""This increase reflects the convergence of distinct development paths between the two divisions  in harmony with both the specific trends in their markets and the company's overall strategic orientation "" the company points out in a note.Ebitda amounted to EUR5.8 million from EUR4.6 million in 2022  up 28 percent  with the margin over production value rising to about 19 percent from 17 percent. Adjusted Ebitda is EUR7.2 million from EUR5.5 million in 2022  an increase of 30%.Ebit is EUR4.3 million from EUR3.4 million in 2022  an increase of 28%.Net financial debt is EUR2.4 million - cash positive - compared to EUR5.0 million in 2022. ""A large part of this improvement thus can be attributed to the resources raised in the capital increase at the IPO on the Euronext Growth Milan market.""Shareholders' equity was EUR19.7 million compared to EUR11.0 million as of December 31  2022.""After a period of substantial volume stability that lasted since the post-Covid recovery that began in the last months of 2020 "" the company points out  ""in the second half of 2023 the Industrial line of business began to show some signs of contraction  moreover consistent with the trend of the macroeconomic scenario.As far as the future is concerned  however  ""the company's management believes that the positive outlook of the Medical Devices business line can to a good extent counterbalance the less bright economic situation of the Industrial business line  keeping the top line for the current year at levels comparable to those of the recent past.""On the cost front  ""inflationary effects pose a tough challenge  but it is believed that the increased weight of the medical business and the performance improvement actions under way will allow an appreciable level of profitability to be maintained.""Valtecne's stock trades in the red by 0.7 percent at EUR6.06 per share.By Chiara Bruschi  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.15,0.82,0.03,neutral,0.1,0.83,0.07,True,English,"['double digits', 'Medical business', 'Valtecne', 'profit', 'revenues', 'Copyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Medical Devices business line', 'Alliance News reporter', 'distinct development paths', 'overall strategic orientation', 'Net financial debt', 'substantial volume stability', 'bright economic situation', 'performance improvement actions', 'Industrial business line', 'medical business', 'Industrial line', 'top line', 'previous year', 'Sales revenues', 'two divisions', 'specific trends', 'production value', 'large part', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'Covid recovery', 'last months', 'second half', 'macroeconomic scenario', 'positive outlook', 'good extent', 'current year', 'recent past', 'cost front', 'inflationary effects', 'tough challenge', 'appreciable level', 'stock trades', 'Chiara Bruschi', 'Valtecne Spa', 'Adjusted Ebitda', 'capital increase', '28 percent increase', '19 percent', '17 percent', '0.7 percent', 'profit', 'convergence', 'harmony', 'markets', 'company', 'note', 'margin', 'resources', 'IPO', 'December', 'period', 'signs', 'contraction', 'future', 'management', 'less', 'levels', 'weight', 'way', 'red', 'Comments', 'questions', 'alliancenews', 'rights']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38426,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THE-AZUR-SELECTION-S-A-147112906/news/The-Azur-Selection-Announces-That-All-the-Resolution-of-its-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-Have-Been-46313247/,The Azur Selection Announces That All the Resolution of its Extraordinary General Meeting Have Been Adopted,(marketscreener.com) Two new directors strengthen the Board of Directorshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THE-AZUR-SELECTION-S-A-147112906/news/The-Azur-Selection-Announces-That-All-the-Resolution-of-its-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-Have-Been-463…,"Two new directors strengthen the Board of DirectorsRegulatory News:The Azur Selection (ISIN: GRS528003007 – Ticker: MLAZR)  announces that all the resolutions of its Extraordinary General Meeting  held on 28 March at the company's head office in Voula (Greece)  have been adopted.As a result  the company's board of directors welcomes two new directors  Mr. Ioannidis  and Mr. Alikaniotis  bringing the number of directors to 4.Mr. Georges Arvanitakis  Chairman of The Azur Selection comments: ""We are very pleased to welcome Mr. Ioannidis and Mr. Alikaniotis to our Board of Directors. Their experience and commitment to excellence  innovation  and continuous growth will enhance the combination of strategic vision  leadership  and customer-centric focus to every Azur Selection’s ambitious project.”Mr. Ioannidis is a serial entrepreneur focusing on the Hospitality and Real Estate Industry and possessing a strong background in hotel management and property development. During his professional career he has demonstrated the ability to successfully develop and manage various real estate assets. With a keen eye for market trends and a results-driven approach  he has founded and managed multiple successful ventures in the hospitality and real estate industry. He has identified and capitalized on lucrative investment opportunities in real estate assets and implemented strategic initiatives to maximize profitability and operational efficiency.Mr. Alikaniotis is a highly motivated and results-driven professional with extensive experience in real estate development  project management and entrepreneurship. He has a proven ability to manage projects from conception to completion with a strong focus on customer satisfaction. His professional experience includes the role of a Real Estate Developer in collaboration with architects  contractors  and local authorities. He has successfully managed the development of commercial projects  overseeing teams of up to 100 professionals.The Board of Directors is now composed as follows:Mr. Georgios Arvanitakis  Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerMr. Konstantinos Maridakis  Non executive memberMr. Panagiotis Ioannidis  Non executive memberMr. Athanasios Alikaniotis  Non executive memberAbout The Azur Selection:The Azur Selection is a leading Greek company specializing in the ownership  operation  development  and management of hotel and entertainment facilities. With a portfolio of several successful hotels in Greece  The Azur Selection has become synonymous with excellence in the hospitality industry. Since 2022  the company has been listed on the Access+ market of Euronext Paris under the code GRS528003007 and mnemonic code MLAZR.https://www.azurselection.com/about-azurView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328703305/en/",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['The Azur Selection', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Resolution', 'various real estate assets', 'Real Estate Developer', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Real Estate Industry', 'multiple successful ventures', 'lucrative investment opportunities', 'several successful hotels', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr. Georges Arvanitakis', 'Mr. Georgios Arvanitakis', 'Mr. Konstantinos Maridakis', 'The Azur Selection', 'real estate development', 'Non executive member', 'Mr. Panagiotis Ioannidis', 'Mr. Athanasios Alikaniotis', 'Two new directors', 'leading Greek company', 'Mr. Ioannidis', 'Mr. Alikaniotis', 'The Board', 'Regulatory News', 'head office', 'continuous growth', 'strategic vision', 'customer-centric focus', 'ambitious project', 'serial entrepreneur', 'strong background', 'professional career', 'keen eye', 'market trends', 'results-driven approach', 'strategic initiatives', 'operational efficiency', 'results-driven professional', 'strong focus', 'customer satisfaction', 'local authorities', 'entertainment facilities', 'hospitality industry', 'Access+ market', 'Euronext Paris', 'code GRS528003007', 'mnemonic code', 'source version', 'property development', 'extensive experience', 'project management', 'professional experience', 'proven ability', 'commercial projects', 'hotel management', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'MLAZR', 'resolutions', '28 March', 'Voula', 'Greece', 'number', 'Chairman', 'commitment', 'excellence', 'innovation', 'combination', 'leadership', 'profitability', 'motivated', 'entrepreneurship', 'conception', 'completion', 'role', 'collaboration', 'architects', 'contractors', 'teams', '100 professionals', 'ownership', 'portfolio', 'azurselection', 'businesswire']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38427,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/28/ifg-advisory-llc-buys-764-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,IFG Advisory LLC Buys 764 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),IFG Advisory LLC lifted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.7% during the fourth quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 45 200 shares of the company’s stock a…,IFG Advisory LLC lifted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.7% during the fourth quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 45 200 shares of the company’s stock after acquiring an additional 764 shares during the period. IFG Advisory LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $7 133 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $26 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $26 000. Householder Group Estate & Retirement Specialist LLC bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $28 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $38 000. Finally  Bartlett & CO. Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 4th quarter valued at approximately $44 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Up 1.6 %RSP opened at $168.78 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of $47.71 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $161.09 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $151.82. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $133.34 and a 12-month high of $168.79.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'IFG Advisory LLC', '764 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'two-hundred day moving average price', '50 day moving average price', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'CO. Wealth Management LLC', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'IFG Advisory LLC', 'Retirement Specialist LLC', 'recent 13F filing', 'Householder Group Estate', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Other institutional investors', 'recent reporting period', 'Free Report', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'fourth quarter', 'new position', '3rd quarter', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'new stake', '12-month low', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 764 shares', '45,200 shares', 'SEC', 'company', 'holdings', 'end', 'changes', 'positions', 'Bartlett', 'Thursday', 'firm', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,etfdailynews.com
38428,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/28/ifg-advisory-llc-increases-position-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,IFG Advisory LLC Increases Position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),IFG Advisory LLC increased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.7% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 45 200 sha…,IFG Advisory LLC increased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 1.7% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 45 200 shares of the company’s stock after purchasing an additional 764 shares during the quarter. IFG Advisory LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $7 133 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter valued at about $26 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter valued at about $26 000. Householder Group Estate & Retirement Specialist LLC purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter valued at about $28 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter valued at about $38 000. Finally  Bartlett & CO. Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter valued at about $44 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 1.6 %NYSEARCA:RSP opened at $168.78 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $47.71 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a twelve month low of $133.34 and a twelve month high of $168.79. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $161.09 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $151.82.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'IFG Advisory LLC', 'Position', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'two-hundred day moving average price', '50-day moving average price', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'CO. Wealth Management LLC', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'IFG Advisory LLC', 'Retirement Specialist LLC', 'Other hedge funds', 'Householder Group Estate', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'recent 13F filing', 'twelve month low', 'Free Report', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'recent quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Exchange Commission', 'institutional investor', 'new position', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'fourth quarter', '3rd quarter', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', 'additional 764 shares', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", '45,200 shares', 'stake', 'Securities', 'stock', 'holdings', 'end', 'Bartlett', 'Thursday', 'beta', 'firm', 'transportation']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,etfdailynews.com
38429,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ICADE-5021/news/Icade-Standard-Poor-s-downgrades-the-outlook-on-Icade-s-long-term-credit-rating-BBB-from-46313517/,Icade : Standard & Poor’s downgrades the outlook on Icade’s long-term credit rating (BBB+) from stable to negative and revises the Group’s target ratios -March 28  2024 at 01:08 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Paris  March 28  2024  6:00 p.m.   Standard & Poor's downgrades the outlook on Icade's long-term credit rating from stable to negative and revises the Group's target ratios   S&P Global has today announced tha…,"PRESS RELEASEParis  March 28  2024  6:00 p.m.Standard & Poor's downgrades the outlook on Icade's long-term credit rating (BBB+) from stable to negative and revises the Group's target ratiosS&P Global has today announced that it has downgraded the outlook on Icade's long-term credit rating (BBB+) from 'stable' to 'negative' due to increasing pressure on the Property Development business and a larger-than-expected adjustment in the valuation of the Commercial Property Investment Division's assets.S&P Global has also revised Icade's financial ratio thresholds for a BBB+ rating and set the following targets:• a debt-to-capital ratio below 40% (vs. ""towards 35%"" previously)  factoring in the positive influence of Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations  Icade's leading shareholder with a 39.2% stake as of December 31  2023;• a debt-to-EBITDA ratio below 8.5x (unchanged);• an ICR above 3.8x (unchanged).Icade notes these adjustments and reaffirms its commitment to maintaining a rigorous and prudent financial policy which is one of the pillars of ReShapE  the new Strategic Plan for 2024-2028 presented on February 19  2024.ABOUT ICADEIcade is a full-service real estate company with expertise in both property investment (portfolio worth €6.8bn on a full consolidation basis as of 12/31/2023) and property development (2023 economic revenue of €1.3bn) that operates throughout France. It builds  redevelops  manages and invests in buildings while breathing new life into neighbourhoods. With a carbon reduction pathway approved by the SBTi  Icade has made low carbon and biodiversity strategic priorities to reinvent real estate and make cities more sustainable. It is listed as a ""SIIC"" on Euronext Paris and its leading shareholder is the Caisse des Dépôts Group.The text of this press release is available on the Icade website:www.icade.fr/en",neutral,0.03,0.68,0.28,neutral,0.06,0.87,0.07,True,English,"['long-term credit rating', 'target ratios', 'Icade', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'outlook', 'BBB', 'Group', 'March', '01:08', 'Caisse des Dépôts Group', 'full-service real estate company', 'Commercial Property Investment Division', 'S&P Global', 'prudent financial policy', 'full consolidation basis', 'long-term credit rating', 'carbon reduction pathway', 'financial ratio thresholds', 'Property Development business', 'new Strategic Plan', 'BBB+ rating', 'new life', 'low carbon', 'strategic priorities', 'capital ratio', 'EBITDA ratio', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Standard & Poor', 'target ratios', 'increasing pressure', 'expected adjustment', 'following targets', 'positive influence', 'leading shareholder', 'Euronext Paris', 'Icade website', 'March', 'outlook', 'valuation', 'assets', 'debt', 'Consignations', '39.2% stake', 'December', 'ICR', 'adjustments', 'commitment', 'rigorous', 'pillars', 'ReShapE', 'February', 'expertise', 'portfolio', 'France', 'buildings', 'neighbourhoods', 'SBTi', 'biodiversity', 'cities', 'SIIC', 'text', '6:00', '12']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38430,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXAIL-TECHNOLOGIES-5158/news/Exail-Technologies-Visit-of-the-Minister-of-Armed-Forces-to-Exail-leader-in-autonomous-roboti-46312712/,Exail Technologies : Visit of the Minister of Armed Forces to Exail  leader in autonomous robotic systems -March 28  2024 at 11:35 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)  The Minister of Armed Forces  Mr. Sébastien Lecornu  visited the Exail site in Toulon yesterday  which specializes in autonomous robotics for naval applications. The General Delegate for Armaments  Mr. Emmanuel Chiva  and the Chief of …,"The Minister of Armed Forces  Mr. Sébastien Lecornu  visited the Exail site in Toulon yesterday  which specializes in autonomous robotics for naval applications. The General Delegate for Armaments  Mr. Emmanuel Chiva  and the Chief of Staff of the Navy  Admiral Nicolas Vaujour  were also present. The Exail teams thank them once again for their presence and for the opportunity to present the solutions developed by the group.The minister was able to discover the capabilities for underwater mine clearance  composed of several drones that collaborate to secure a maritime zone. Exail is the only global actor with a complete range of robots to perform this type of mission.In order to support the French strategy for mastering the deep seas  Exail also presented its deep-sea drone solutions  developed on the site of Toulon for over 40 years  and capable of diving up to 6 000 meters.Finally  in a context of strengthening and modernizing the French forces  the minister emphasized the importance of industrial sovereignty and the ability of the key actors to increase production. Exail will be able to meet these challenges and will be proud to once again put its capabilities at the service of French sailors.About Exail TechnologiesExail Technologies is the new name of Groupe Gorgé  adopted after the transformation of the group at the end of 2022  now focused on the activities of its subsidiary Exail. Exail Technologies is an industrial company specializing in high technology in the field of autonomous robotics with a vertical integration of its businesses. The group offers complex drone and navigation systems  as well as products for the aerospace and photonics industries. Exail Technologies provides performance  reliability and safety to its civil and military customers operating in harsh environments and generates revenues in nearly 80 countries.Exail technologies is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (EXA).www.exail-technologies.comContacts Investors relationsHugo SoussanTel. +33 (0)1 44 77 94 86h.soussan@exail-technologies.comAnne-Pauline PetureauxTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72apetureaux@actus.fr Media relationsManon ClairetTél. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yZyfY8mal5maym5qYsqbmpSVmG2Ux2WdZmTLlmmalsyabJuVlZqXbsnLZnFlnG5v- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84799-cp_exail-technologies_visite-ministre-defense_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['autonomous robotic systems', 'Armed Forces', 'Exail Technologies', 'Visit', 'Minister', 'leader', 'March', '11:35', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'Mr. Sébastien Lecornu', 'Mr. Emmanuel Chiva', 'The General Delegate', 'Admiral Nicolas Vaujour', 'underwater mine clearance', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'The Exail teams', 'deep-sea drone solutions', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'complex drone', 'other releases', 'Armed Forces', 'autonomous robotics', 'naval applications', 'several drones', 'maritime zone', 'global actor', 'complete range', 'French strategy', 'deep seas', 'French forces', 'industrial sovereignty', 'French sailors', 'new name', 'Groupe Gorgé', 'high technology', 'vertical integration', 'navigation systems', 'photonics industries', 'military customers', 'harsh environments', 'Investors relations', 'Anne-Pauline Petureaux', 'Media relations', 'Manon Clairet', 'Tél', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'key actors', 'subsidiary Exail', 'Exail Technologies', 'industrial company', 'Hugo Soussan', 'Exail site', 'Minister', 'Toulon', 'Armaments', 'Chief', 'Staff', 'Navy', 'presence', 'opportunity', 'capabilities', 'robots', 'type', 'mission', 'order', '40 years', '6,000 meters', 'context', 'importance', 'ability', 'production', 'challenges', 'service', 'transformation', 'end', 'activities', 'field', 'businesses', 'products', 'aerospace', 'performance', 'safety', 'civil', 'revenues', '80 countries', 'exail-technologies', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'apetureaux', 'mclairet', 'publication', 'yZyfY8mal5maym5qYsqbmpSVmG2Ux2WdZmTLlmmalsyabJuVlZqXbsnLZnFlnG5v', 'Full', 'PDF', 'defense', 'email', '1', '2024']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38431,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNOVA-N-V-20366366/news/Cnova-N-V-Change-to-the-Board-of-Directors-46306699/,Cnova N.V. : Change to the Board of Directors -March 28  2024 at 03:14 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) CNOVA N.V.Change to the Board of Directors AMSTERDAM – March 28  2024  08:15 CET Cnova N.V. today announces a change to its Board of Directors. The Company’s Chairman  non-executive director and member of the Nomination and Remuneration C…,CNOVA N.V.Change to the Board of DirectorsAMSTERDAM – March 28  2024  08:15 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) today announces a change to its Board of Directors.The Company’s Chairman  non-executive director and member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  Mr. Jean-Yves Haagen  and Mrs. Josseline de Clausade  non-executive director  resigned their directorship as per March 27  2024.The Company’s Board of Directors and management are most grateful to Mr. Haagen and Mrs. de Clausade for their valuable contributions to the Company.The Company also noted that on March 27  2024 its controlling shareholder  Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.  issued a press release related to the finalization of its restructuring. This press release is available on the Company’s website - https://www.cnova.com/investor-relations/press-releases.***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 7.5 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel and entertainment services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-Logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Casino group  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94 Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel : +33 6 17 76 79 71Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', 'Change', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', '03:14', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'Mrs. Josseline de Clausade', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'CET Cnova N.V.', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'Mrs. de Clausade', '7.5 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'French ecommerce leader', 'innovative payment solutions', 'Mr. Jean-Yves Haagen', 'Mr. Haagen', 'Casino group', 'Media contact', 'Service solutions', 'French law', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-executive director', 'Remuneration Committee', 'valuable contributions', 'controlling shareholder', 'press release', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'entertainment services', 'B2B clients', 'advertising services', 'gereglementeerde informatie', 'financieel toezicht', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'The Company', 'art website', 'news releases', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'Change', 'Board', 'Directors', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'CNV', 'Chairman', 'member', 'Nomination', 'management', 'finalization', 'restructuring', 'investor-relations', 'state', 'product', 'fast', 'practical', 'travel', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-Logistics', 'part', 'sites', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'Tel', 'directiondelacommunication', 'vae', 'solis', 'Attachment', '08', '33']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38432,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETA-EDITORIALE-IL-FAT-55942507/news/Societa-Editoriale-Il-Fatto-S-p-a-SOCIETA-EDITORIALE-IL-FATTO-S-P-A-The-Board-of-Directors-46314196/,Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.a. :  SOCIETÀ EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A: The Board of Directors approves the draft annual financial statements and the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023,(marketscreener.com)  PRESS RELEASESOCIETÀ EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A:The Board of Directors approves the draft annual financial statements and the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023 Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting convene…,"PRESS RELEASESOCIETÀ EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A:The Board of Directors approves the draft annual financial statements and the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting convened on 29 April 2024The first financial year since the transformation into a community company closes with an improvement of the main economic-financial indicatorsKey consolidated results as at 31 December 20231Sales revenue of Euro 29 273 thousand  up from Euro 27 984 thousand as at 31 December 2022up from Euro 27 984 thousand as at 31 December 2022 EBITDA increased by Euro 2 261 000 compared to Euro 404 000 as at 31 December 2022increased by compared to Euro 404 000 as at 31 December 2022 EBITDA Margin of 6.5%  up from 1.2% as at 31 December 2022of up from 1.2% as at 31 December 2022 Net result improved by Euro -2 388 000 compared to the loss of Euro -4 291 000 as at 31 December 2022improved by compared to the loss of Euro -4 291 000 as at 31 December 2022 Net Financial Indebtedness of Euro 3 117 thousandRome  28 March 2024 - The Board of Directors of Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.A. (the ""Company"" or ""SEIF"" or ""Issuer"") media content provider and publisher of various publishing and multimedia products  a company whose shares are traded at Euronext Growth Milan  a multilateral system organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and at Euronext Growth Paris  met today and approved the draft financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023  the first at annual level.Cinzia Monteverdi  President and CEO of SEIF  said: ' We are satisfied with the Group's performance in the first year since the launch of the transformation from media company to community company. The improvement in all the main economic figures  achieved in a market characterised by uncertainty  makes it clear that the strategic lines characterising the industrial plan are bringing the expected results and laying solid foundations for the future through a growth path that will continue thanks to investments in revenue diversification. We are also satisfied with the significant growth in digital  which also gives meaning to the investments in technological innovation'.Key consolidated results as at 31 December 2023The following results represent the first consolidated annual data of the group formed by the company SEIF and its wholly-owned subsidiary Loft Produzioni S.r.l. (""Loft"" and collectively the ""Group"")  a company incorporated on 14 December 2022 to which the entire business unit dedicated to the production of audio-video content  primarily television content  was conferred. It should also be noted that the deed of contribution took legal effect as of 30 December 2022. Since this is the first year of consolidation  the previous period of comparison is not shown in the Balance Sheet and Income Statement.For the purposes of continuity of information on the Group's revenue trends and for greater usability  considering that the income results of the television production business unit contributed to Loft were included in the Issuer's results for the year ended 31 December 2022  it is deemed useful to also present the comparative period as of 31 December 2022 exclusively for the main income statement items1 .(in Euro thousands) 2023 % revenues on V.o.P. 20221 % revenues on V.o.P. A) Production value 1) revenues from sales and services 29.273 84 76% 27.984 84 15% 2) Changes in inventories of work in progress  semi-finished and finished products 14 0 04% 25 0 08% 4) Increases in fixed assets for internal work 3.990 11 55% 5.012 15 07% 5) other revenues 1.259 3 64% 231 0 70% Total (A) 34.536 100% 33.253 100%Production value increased by Euro 1 283 thousand or about 3.9%  almost entirely attributable to revenues from sales and services.The main items shown in the V.o.P. have undergone the following percentage changes: (i) revenues from sales and services amounting to Euro 29 273 thousand increased by 4.6%; (ii) increases in fixed assets for internal work amounting to Euro 3 990 thousand show a decrease of 20.4% compared to the previous interim period. The portion referring to TV content was Euro 3 358 thousand  while Euro 632 thousand refer to investments for the development of the Training branch and those related to WEB 3.0 and digital transition.A.1 Revenues from sales and services (in Euro thousands) Value as at 31.12.23 % of revenue Value as at 31.12.22 % of revenue variaz var % Publishing sector 23.626 80 71% 22.001 78 62% 1.626 7 39% Media content sector 2.514 8 59% 2.201 7 86% 314 14 26% Advertising sector 3.132 10 70% 3.783 13 52% -650 -17 19% Total 29.273 100 00% 27.984 100 00% 1.289 4 61%Publishing sector : revenues in the publishing sector grew by 7.4% overall. Despite the difficulties of the traditional publishing market  particularly of products in the printed version  there was a substantial break-even in revenues from sales of the daily newspaper at the newsstands and a significant increase in revenues from books  which came close to 99%. Total revenues from products in the digital version  mainly consisting of subscriptions  recorded a significant increase of around 11%.Revenues attributable to the publishing segment are mainly composed of revenues from (i) newsstand sales of the daily newspaper in the amount of €14 480 thousand; (ii) sales of the monthly magazine FQMillennium in the amount of €323 thousand; (iii) sales of Paper First books in the newsstand and bookstore channel in the amount of €2 147 thousand; and (iv) sales of subscriptions of publishing products and digital content in the amount of €6 606 thousand.Media content sector : media content sector revenues show a total increase of 14.3%. Specifically  in 2023  revenues consisted of (i) exploitation of TV content of Euro 1 855 thousand; (ii) sales of theatre shows and events of Euro 303 thousand; (iii) TVLOFT App subscriptions of Euro 357 thousand.Advertising segment: advertising revenue was €3 132 thousand  a decrease of approximately 17.2% compared to the period ended 31 December 2022. Revenues for 2023 essentially consist of (i) advertising sales on the newspaper in the amount of €638 thousand; (ii) advertising sales on the website in the amount of €2 488 thousand.(in Euro thousands) 2023 % V.o.P. 20221 % V.o.P. Value of Production 34.536 100 00% 33.253 100 00% EBITDA 2.261 6 55% 404 1 21% EBIT -3.054 -8 84% -5.539 -16 66% EBT -3.309 -9 58% -5.593 -16 82% Net result -2.388 -6 91% -4.291 -12 90%As at 31 December 2023  the cost of raw materials  consisting mainly of paper  decreased compared to 2022 due to an improvement in the yields of distributed copies and a reduction in the price of raw materials. Costs for services were in line with those of the previous year  with a reduction in the incidence on sales by about 2%. Moreover  in the presence of an increase in revenues  it was possible to contain costs by renegotiating some contracts and reducing the production volumes of original television content intended exclusively for the TVLOFT platform. This also had a positive impact on the decrease in costs for the use of third-party assets and personnel costs as well as on the value of depreciation and amortisation.Consequently  the higher EBITDA value of Euro 2 261 thousand as at 31 December 2023 (Euro 404 thousand in 2022) and a lower cost of depreciation and amortisation also reduced the negative value of EBIT (Euro -3 054 thousand compared to Euro -5 539 thousand in 2022)  EBT (Euro -3 309 thousand compared to Euro -5 593 thousand in 2022) and Net Profit (Euro -2 388 thousand compared to Euro -4 291 thousand in 2022).At 31 December 2023  Fixed Assets amounted to Euro 9 745 thousand. Gross investments amounted to €5 211 thousand  essentially attributable to intangible fixed assets in the amount of €5 139 thousand and were essentially due to: (i) the production of television content; (ii) overall investments for digital and technological innovation destined for new projects related to the digital transition still in progress; and (iii) those destined for the new business line development project in the training sector. The remaining €72 thousand refer to tangible fixed assets such as hardware and other office machines and equipment of modest value.Net Working Capital has a negative value of Euro -4 413 000  as a result of the historicised difference between average collection and payment days related to ordinary operations; it is composed exclusively of assets and liabilities related to ordinary operations. All components forming this value are due within the next financial year.Shareholders' Equity shows a negative balance of Euro -2 082 thousand and includes the loss for the period amounting to Euro -2 388 thousand. The total value is affected by the elimination of intercompany items and the consequent elimination of values relative to the contribution of the Loft Produzioni business unit. Through the impairment analysis carried out by the company Loft  the values of intangible fixed assets in the subsidiary and financial fixed assets in the parent company SEIF were assessed and confirmed. It is specified that the value of the consolidated shareholders' equity has no relevance for the purposes of civil law regulations on share capital  for which only the values of the individual financial statements of the Group companies  which are positive  are relevant.Net Financial Indebtedness amounted to €3 117 thousand and essentially consisted of: current financial receivables for €465 thousand and current financial payables for €2 508 thousand repayable in the 12 months following year-end  net of the portion of bank loans due ""beyond the year"" equal to €1 074 thousand. This amount shown under ""Non-current financial payables"" refers to the instalments repayable starting from January 2025 of the loan granted in 2020 by Unicredit S.p.A. and the loans granted by Intesa San Paolo in August 2023.Main results of SEIF as at 31 December 2023With reference to SEIF's results for the year ended 31 December 2023  the following is reported.Sales revenue amounted to Euro 27 614 000 compared to Euro 27 984 000 in 2022.amounted to compared to Euro 27 984 000 in 2022. Production value amounted to Euro 29 490 000 compared to Euro 40 044 000 in 2022.amounted to compared to Euro 40 044 000 in 2022. EBITDA amounted to Euro 19 000 compared to Euro 7 195 000 in 2022.amounted to compared to Euro 7 195 000 in 2022. EBIT amounted to Euro -842 000 compared to Euro 1 251 000 in 2022.amounted to compared to Euro 1 251 000 in 2022. Profit for the year amounted to Euro -707 000 compared to Euro 2 500 000 in 2022.the year amounted to compared to Euro 2 500 000 in 2022. Net financial debt was Euro 3 238 thousand compared to Euro 573 thousand as of 31 December 2022.was compared to Euro 573 thousand as of 31 December 2022. Equity amounted to Euro 6 390 000 compared to Euro 7 128 000 as at 31 December 2022.Allocation of the annual resultThe Board of Directors resolved to propose to the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting to cover the negative result for the year  amounting to Euro 706 785  through the utilisation of the reserves in the Shareholders' Equity.Significant events during the yearThe 2023 financial year  as per the 2023-2025 business plan  was the one in which the main development projects were to be finalised and implemented  with the aim of enhancing the Fatto Quotidiano's information offer while at the same time creating additional revenues with a strong push towards digital and technological innovation.The strategic actions taken and the implementation of development projects are confirming the ability to increase revenues overall and improve margins.In particular  the parent company  during 2023  has well outlined and structured the training programme of the 'School of Fact' by closing partnerships with important universities and incentivising  as planned  both the B2B and B2C markets.Another key point of the business plan is the growth of television production and shows realised by the subsidiary Loft  which will take over the dedicated business unit from 31.12.2022. This path has certainly begun  as evidenced by the results of the 2023 revenue growth and the relations undertaken with new broadcasters.On 30 November 2023  following the entry of the subsidiary Loft into the Group's perimeter  the Company announced an update to its 2024-2026 consolidated business plan  estimating a 2024-2026 CAGR of 14.9% in consolidated revenues from sales and services and confirming the strategic lines already conveyed to the market  which envisage the transition from media company to community company.Significant events occurring after the end of the financial yearIn the first months of 2024  the company started the 'School of Fact' training programme with the course on Artificial Intelligence preceded by an information event on the School of Fact and the 2024 programme. In the first half of the year  the aforementioned course achieved results that already clearly show the expected trend. At the same time  the project concerning the WEB 3.0 Community was launched  which has begun its experimental phase from which it is expected that the model and marketing proposal can be refined to achieve results also in terms of revenues in the second half of the current financial year. In addition to being an important technological innovation  the project has the objective of increasing the loyalty of the community of readers  giving even more substance to the definition of community company for SEIF. The performance of the publishing sector is in line with budget estimates with a boost in revenues from digital subscriptions.In the first months of 2024  Loft's activities also continued and were in line with budget estimates. In February  the production of TV formats resumed  continuing the production of new seasons that are licensed to the WB Discovery group and RAI.Foreseeable development of operationsThe trend in production and sales volumes of the individual product lines and the growth in digital revenues allow for the smooth running of management activities and the implementation of the planned developments within the timeframe and economic-financial results envisaged in the 2024-2026 consolidated business plan.Therefore  given the performance in the first few months of 2024  substantially in line with budget forecasts  the regularity of operating cash flows  the almost completed implementation of the investment programmes in relation to the two pillars of the strategic revolution envisaged in the plan  and the availability of usable credit lines  it is expected that production and commercial activities will be regularly managed and  therefore  that the company will continue as a going concern.Other resolutions of the Board of DirectorsToday  the Board of Directors also identified and approved the quantitative and qualitative criteria  on the basis of which assess the significance of potentially relevant relationships for the purposes of the annual assessment of the independence requirements of directors (""Policy"")  as required by Article 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulation. The Board of Directors will assess the independence requirements of the independent director(s) to be appointed. The Policy is available on the Company's website at www.seif-spa.it (Governance section).Shareholders' meeting convened on 29 April 2024Also today  the Board of Directors resolved to convene an ordinary and extraordinary shareholders' meeting in order to: (i) review the consolidated financial statements and approve the financial statements as of 31 December 2023; (ii) resolve on the allocation of the result for the year; (iii) appoint the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors for the period 2024-2026; (iv) introduce in Article 17 of the bylaws the possibility for the Company to provide that the participation of shareholders and the exercise of voting rights in ordinary and extraordinary shareholders' meetings shall take place exclusively through the representative designated by the Company pursuant to Article 135-undecies.1 TUF and eliminate the current reference to Article 19 of the by-laws; (v) eliminate in Article 25 of the by-laws any reference to the need for independent director candidates to be previously identified or positively evaluated by the Company's Euronext Growth Advisor with the issuance of a specific statement by the same Euronext Growth Advisor  in consideration of the entry into force of the new Article 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations  which came into force on 4 December 2023  and the consequent elimination of the provision according to which the independent director must be ""chosen from among candidates who have been previously identified or positively evaluated by the Euronext Growth Advisor"".Filing of documentationThe documents relating to the items on the agenda  including the draft financial statements as at 31 December 2023  the management report  the directors' explanatory report on the items on the agenda of the shareholders' meeting (ordinary and extraordinary)  the report of the Board of Statutory Auditors and the independent auditors' report  will be made available to the public at SEIF's registered office  on the website www.seif-spa.it in the Investor Relations/Assemblies section as well as on the website www.borsaitaliana.itsection ""Shares/Documents""  within the terms set forth by the applicable regulations.***For the dissemination of regulated information  SEIF uses the 1INFOSDIR dissemination system (www.1info.it)  managed by Computershare S.p.A. with registered office in Milan  Via Lorenzo Mascheroni no. 19 and authorised by CONSOB.This press release is available in the Investor Relations/Press Releases section of the website www.seif-spa.it and at www.1info.it.***SOCIETÀ EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A. (SEIF) is an independent media company  founded in Rome in 2009 and led by Cinzia Monteverdi  President and CEO. The company is the publisher of several editorial and multimedia products  including Il Fatto Quotidiano  a newspaper founded by Antonio Padellaro and directed by Marco Travaglio  the news website ilfattoquotidiano.it and the monthly magazine FQ Millennium  directed by Peter Gomez  and the publishing house Paper First. Recently SEIF undertook a diversification process to become more and more an all-round media content provider  launching a digital and data-driven product development strategy and TV production with its subsidiary Loft produzioni Srl.For more information:Press OfficeCommunityMarco Rubino +39 335 6509552Giuliana Pampani +39 340 8384422mail: marco@community.itEuronext Growth AdvisorIntegrae SIM S.p.A.Piazza Castello  24 - 20121 Milantel. +39 02 96846864mail: info@integraesim.itSEIF - Investor relations06 32818514Cinzia Monteverdi (CEO) ir@seif-spa.itLuigi Calicchia (CFO) l.calicchia@seif-spa.itAttached:-Consolidated Profit and Loss Account as at 31/12/2023-Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31/12/2023- Consolidated Net Financial Debt as at 31/12/2023- SEIF S.p.A. ordinary income statement as at 31/12/2023 vs 31/12/2022- SEIF S.p.A. ordinary balance sheet as at 31/12/2023 vs. 31/12/2022- SEIF S.p.A. Net Financial Indebtedness as at 31/12/2023 vs 31/12/2022Consolidated Profit and Loss Account as at 31/12/2023Consolidated Profit and Loss Account (Euro) 31/12/2023 Revenues from sales and services 29.272.823 Changes in inventories 14.470 Miscellaneous income 1.258.654 Total Revenues 30.545.947 Increases in fixed assets 3.989.867 Value of Production 34.535.814 External Operating Costs (19.662.412) Added Value 14.873.402 Personnel Costs (12.114.838) Other operating charges (497.224) Gross Operating Margin (EBITDA) 2.261.340 Depreciation and Provisions (5.315.578) Operating Profit (EBIT) (3.054.238) Result of the financial area (254.848) Profit before tax (3.309.086) income tax 921.046 Net result (2.388.040)Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31/12/2023Consolidated Balance Sheet (Euro) 31/12/2023 Intangible Fixed Assets 8.867.130 Tangible fixed assets 130.168 Financial Fixed Assets 747.579 Fixed Capital 9.744.877 Inventories 152.464 Trade receivables 2.663.394 Other Credits 4.054.515 Accrued income and prepaid expenses 212.694 Short-term operating activities 7.083.067 Trade payables (5.299.407) Other debts (3.864.577) Accrued expenses and deferred income (2.332.192) Short-term operating liabilities (11.496.176) Net working capital (4.413.109) Provisions for risks (662.143) Severance pay (3.634.854) Medium- and long-term liabilities (4.296.997) INVESTED CAPITAL 1.034.771 Net assets (2.082.159) Medium-/long-term financial position 1.073.860 Short-term financial position 2.043.070 EQUITY AND DEBT NET FINANCIAL 1.034.771Consolidated Net Financial Debt as at 31/12/2023Net Financial Indebtedness (Euro) 31/12/2023 Current financial receivables Liquidity - cash and cash equivalent (465.127) Current financial debts Current financial liabilities (repayable within the next 12 months) 2.508.198 Net current financial debt 2.043.071 Non-current financial payables Non-current financial liabilities (repayable beyond 12 months) 1.073.860 Net Financial Indebtedness 3.116.931SEIF S.p.A. ordinary income statement as at 31/12/2023 vs 31/12/2022Value of Production and Value Added Income Statement (Euro) 31.12.23 %vdp 31.12.22 %vdp Revenues from sales and services 27.613.777 93 64% 27.983.762 69 88% changes in stocks of finished goods and work in progress 14.470 0 05% 25.360 0 06% in-house production of fixed assets 631.956 2 14% 5.012.443 12 52% other revenues 1.229.794 4 17% 7.022.024 17 54% Value of production 29.489.997 100 00% 40.043.589 100 00% purchases of raw materials -1.257.427 -4 26% -1.572.327 -3 93% change in stocks of raw materials -16.860 -0 06% 35.671 0 09% expenses for services -15.440.680 -52 36% -16.759.185 -41 85% use of third party assets -1.257.023 -4 26% -1.693.526 -4 23% Added Value 11.518.007 39 06% 20.054.222 50 08% personnel expenses -11.026.529 -37 39% -12.390.595 -30 94% other operating charges -472.299 -1 60% -469.068 Gross operating margin - EBITDA 19.179 0 07% 7.194.559 17 97% amortisation and depreciation -842.799 -2 86% -5.800.906 -14 49% provisions -18.828 -0 06% -142.447 -0 36% Operating income - EBIT -842.448 -2 86% 1.251.206 3 12% financial income 4.706 0 02% 1.808 0 00% financial charges -127.785 -0 43% -53.411 -0 13% exchange rate gains - losses -3.302 -0 01% -1.651 revaluation of financial assets 0 0 write-downs of financial assets -128.477 0 00% 0 0 00% Profit before tax - EBT -1.097.306 -3 72% 1.197.952 2 99% income tax 390.521 1 32% 1.301.947 3 25% Net result -706.785 -2 40% 2.499.899 6 24%SEIF S.p.A. ordinary balance sheet as at 31/12/2023 vs. 31/12/2022(In thousands of Euros) 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Intangible fixed assets 3.538 2.522 Tangible fixed assets 129 127 Financial assets (adjusted) 13.569 13.620 Fixed assets 17.236 16.268 Inventories 152 155 Trade receivables 2.603 2.455 Trade payables -4.569 -3.867 Net operating working capital -1.813 -1.257 Other current assets 4.123 2.603 Other current liabilities -5.852 -6.104 Net working capital -3.543 -4.758 Provisions for risks -662 -708 Severance pay -3.402 -3.101 Net invested capital 9.628 7.702 Net assets 6.390 7.128 Bank deposits  cash and valuables on hand 344 696 Other titles 0 746 Due to banks -3.582 -2.015 Other Financial Payables - - Net financial debt (excluding liquid financial receivables) -3.238 -574 Equity - net financial debt 9.628 7.702SEIF S.p.A. Net Financial Indebtedness as at 31/12/2023 vs 31/12/2022Net Financial Indebtedness (Euro) 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Current financial receivables Liquidity - cash and cash equivalent (343.585) (1.441.780) Current financial debts Current financial debts 2.508.198 1.056.671 Net current financial debt 2.164.613 (385.109) Non-current financial payables Non-current financial payables 1.073.860 958.397 Net financial debt - NFI 3.238.473 573.288This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nJtrkcZoZpyYlpybZchrbJaYmZqXxWKXaGqVxmaZmMvFb2xmnGtnm8WZZnFlnWZs- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84816-cos_eng_28032024.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.6,0.2,0.2,True,English,"['Il Fatto S.p.a', 'draft annual financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Società Editoriale', 'The', 'Board', 'Directors', '31 December', 'Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Loft Produzioni S.r.l.', 'revenue variaz var % Publishing sector', 'first consolidated annual data', 'draft annual financial statements', 'main income statement items1', 'television production business unit', 'V.o.P', 'entire business unit', 'draft financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'main economic-financial indicators', 'main economic figures', 'Net Financial Indebtedness', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Key consolidated results', 'media content provider', 'Media content sector', 'previous interim period', 'traditional publishing market', 'first financial year', 'following percentage changes', 'A.1 Revenues', 'television content', 'annual level', 'main items', 'previous period', 'income results', 'various publishing', 'Advertising sector', 'following results', 'revenue diversification', 'revenue trends', 'Net result', 'growth path', 'significant growth', 'first year', 'audio-video content', 'TV content', 'revenue Value', 'comparative period', 'expected results', 'media company', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'multilateral system', 'Cinzia Monteverdi', 'strategic lines', 'industrial plan', 'solid foundations', 'technological innovation', 'legal effect', 'Balance Sheet', 'greater usability', 'Production value', 'fixed assets', 'Training branch', 'printed version', 'substantial break', 'daily newspaper', 'significant increase', 'Sales revenue', 'multimedia products', 'finished products', 'internal work', 'The Board', 'EBITDA Margin', 'digital transition', 'community company', 'other revenues', 'Euro thousands', '2023 % revenues', '20221 % revenues', 'Directors', '31 December', '29 April', 'transformation', 'improvement', 'loss', 'Rome', 'SEIF', 'Issuer', 'publisher', 'shares', 'President', 'CEO', 'Group', 'performance', 'launch', 'uncertainty', 'future', 'investments', 'meaning', 'owned', 'subsidiary', '14 December', 'deed', 'contribution', '30 December', 'consolidation', 'comparison', 'purposes', 'continuity', 'information', 'services', 'inventories', 'progress', 'Increases', 'decrease', 'portion', 'development', 'WEB 3.0', 'difficulties', 'newsstands', '28', '4.']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38433,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ADVICENNE-38920006/news/Advicenne-Strong-improvement-of-2023-results-thanks-to-sustained-commercial-activity-on-Sibnayal--46306159/,Advicenne: Strong improvement of 2023 results thanks to sustained commercial activity on Sibnayal® -March 28  2024 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Sibnayal® volume up 84%.Gross sales exceed €4 million for the first time.Sharp decrease in net loss to -7.03 M€ vs. -11.47 M€ in 2022.Year-end cash position at €5.25 million and cash runway extended to Q2 2025.Major anno…,Sibnayal® volume up 84%. Gross sales exceed €4 million for the first time. Sharp decrease in net loss to -7.03 M€ vs. -11.47 M€ in 2022. Year-end cash position at €5.25 million and cash runway extended to Q2 2025. Major announcement post-closing: US Orphan Drug Designation of ADV7103 in cystinuria.Regulatory News:Advicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI - FR0013296746)  a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of innovative treatments for those suffering from rare renal diseases  announces today its 2023 financial results  and provides an update on its activities.The financial statements for the year 2023 were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on March 27  2024. The audit procedures are being finalized and the auditors shall issue their audit report by mid-April 2024.Didier Laurens  Chief Executive Officer of Advicenne  commented: “In 2023  Advicenne has benefited fully from the growth sales momentum  driven by the continuing increase in Sibnayal sales. In a regulatory environment that remains highly complex in terms both of pricing and reimbursement  Sibnayal's performance was remarkable in terms of both volume (+84%) and value (+40%). Combined with an optimized resources allocation towards commercial development  these key accomplishments made it possible to significantly reduce our losses  which almost halved in two years. This general dynamic should accelerate further this year with the objective of reaching operational profitability at the end of 2024. This ambition will be achieved thanks to the expected price agreement in several countries covered by our partners. At the same time  we are intensifying our actions to improve the profile of ADV7103 in the USA with the ambition of finalizing a partnership with a biopharmaceutical company. The recent announcement of orphan drug status for ADV7103 in cystinuria  following the ODD obtained in dRTA  is a major milestone in this respect.”(€ thousands) December 31  2023 December 31  2022 Total Gross Sales1 4 458 3 715 of which Sibnayal® 1 965 1 410 Total revenue and other income 3 483 3 008 of which Sibnayal® revenue 1 707 1 053 of which other revenue 1 235 1 288 of which other income 541 667 Operating expenses 9 940 13 067 of which R&D expenses 3 752 7 077 of which marketing and sales expenses 1 083 1 066 of which structural and general expenses 3 380 3 807 Operating loss -6 457 -10 059 Financial result -575 -1 374 of which financial interests -1 334 -762 Net Loss -7 031 -11 470 Basic and Diluted loss per share (€/share) -0 67 -1 16 Opening cash 8 322 12 685 Cash flows from/(used in) operations -5 989 -9 147 Cash flows from /(used in) investing activities -1 318 -2 Cash flows from /(used in) financing activities 4 233 4 783 Closing cash 5 250 8 3222023 key financial highlightsTotal Gross sales amounted €4.4 million in 2023 up 20% compared to 2022. Gross sales of Sibnayal® were €1.9 million (vs. €1.4 million in 2022) and drove the overall growth of Advicenne. Unit sales of Sibnayal® increased by 84% fueled by growth in France and the deployment of distribution partners in Europe and the Middle East. As anticipated  Advicenne received the first royalties on Sibnayal® amounting €0.16 million in 2023.___________________________1 Gross sales represent the gross amount billed to customers for the quantities of products delivered during the fiscal year. In countries where the price  or the reimbursement conditions  have not yet been decided by the administration  the annual turnover corresponds to gross sales less taxes and discounts set by the supervisory authorities. These taxes and discounts are recorded based on the Company's best estimates or collections received from the administration. They represent 1 387 thousand euros in 2023 and 1 225 thousand euros in 2022 for total gross sales of respectively 4 458 thousand euros and 3 715 thousand euros and a total income of respectively 3 071 thousand euros and 2 490 thousand euros.The Company recorded a significant drop in operating losses to €6.5 million euros (compared to €10.1 million in 2022). This improvement of almost 40% is mainly linked to the increase in total revenue and other income to €3.5 million  an increase of almost 16% despite the drop in the Research Tax Credit (“Credit Impot Recherche”) to €0.3 million (compared to €0.6 million in 2022).This solid performance also results from a significant reduction in operating expenses  reduced by more than €3 million to €9.9 million (vs.€13.1 million in 2022)  highlighting the allocation of spending on value-creating activities. Excluding cost of products sold  the reduction in operating expenses is even more marked  at almost €4 million. The cost of sales in 2023 increased slightly as a percentage of product sales compared to 2022 due to inventory building to meet and anticipate growth in sales.Operating expenses were still mainly dedicated to R&D  for which expenses reached €3.8 million  focused on activities in the USA and the improvement of manufacturing processes. Marketing and sales expenses increased slightly  but remained contained because they were mainly borne by commercial partners. General expenses were further reduced to €3.4 million  compared to €3.8 million in 2022  and reflect the full impact of the reorganizations carried out in 2021 and 2022.Operating losses were almost halved over the period 2021 - 2023 under the combined effect of a continued increase in revenue and optimized control of operating expenses. Overhead costs were thus reduced by nearly €1.5 million in two financial years.Financial losses amounted €0.6 million last year. Interest charges related to the EIB loan and the French State Guaranteed Loan (“PGE”) reached €1.3 million (compared to €0.7 million in 2022) and reflect the full-year impact of the drawing of the second tranche of the EIB loan in December 2022. They are partially offset by a non-cash gain of €0.8 million (vs. a charge of €0.6 million in 2022) from the revised evaluation of royalties linked to the EIB debt under IFRS rules.The Company did not record any corporate tax expense for the 2023 financial year.Overall  net loss was €7 million  compared to €11.5 million in 2022. This level reflects the significant improvement in operating profit. This loss represents €0.67 per share in 2023  compared to €1.16 per share in 2022.Net cash flow used in operating activities amounted to €6.0 million in 2023  compared to €9.1 million in 2022  directly linked to operating income. Operational cash consumption was halved over the last two financial years. The cash flow improved significantly to €-6.3 million (compared to €-9.4 million in 2022) thanks to the control of outstanding invoices and despite an unfavorable inventory effect.Net cash flow used in investing activities increased significantly due to a significant investment in manufacturing equipment.Net cash flow from financing activities amounted to €4.2 million in 2023. The Company carried out a capital increase of €5.4 million net in October 2023. In return  the Company repaid €1.1 million of principal for EMPs (“PGE”) from lending banks.Finally  Advicenne closes the year 2023 with a net cash position of €5.3 million compared to €8.3 million a year previously.Given the expected growth in turnover in 2024  the Company extends its cash runway to the beginning of the second quarter of 2025  excluding exceptional items. The Company continues its efforts to partner with a partner in the development of ADV7103 in the USA and other regions with the objective of optimizing its value creation model.2023 operational highlightsFirst commercial launches and deployment of strategic alliances. 2023 was the year of the first significant commercial deployments in France and Great Britain.In France  a clearly favorable trend is being observed from the second half of the year thanks to the structuring of the sales forces. Sibnayal sales recorded record monthly sales over several consecutive months until the end of 2023. A trend confirmed in the first months of 2024.In Great Britain  although 2023 was less dynamic than expected  the signings of several hospitals in the second half of the year signal an acceleration in business trends which seem to materialize since the beginning of 2024.In the rest of Europe  all Advicenne partners are now recording sales in their respective geographic areas with strong dynamics  particularly in Germany  Greece  Denmark  and several Eastern European countries. The first sales were also recorded in the Middle East thanks to the implementation of early access programs.Regulatory progress with FDA for ADV7103 in dTRA and cystinuria in the U.S. Following on from obtaining orphan designation in December 2022  Advicenne continued its discussions with the FDA to optimize the development of ADV7103 in dTRA.Advicenne presented long-term data (72 months) from the B22 study and pharmacovigilance data. The meeting  which took place in Q3 2023  provided an opportunity to discuss efficacy and safety data of ADV7103. Initial discussions led to a significant revision of the development plan in dRTA  both in terms of timing and costs. A complementary dossier is currently being prepared to finalize the on-going discussions.At the same time  Advicenne recently announced orphan drug status for ADV7103 in cystinuria. This status significantly reinforces the value of ADV7103 in a pathology with significant unmet medical need. Not all these activities require a legal presence in the United States. Advicenne has therefore decided to dissolve Advicenne Inc. This decision has no impact on the continuation of American regulatory and clinical activities.Strengthening equity. In October 2023  the Company strengthened its financial position with the success of its capital increase for a gross amount of €5.7 million (€5.4 million net). This financing allows the Company to continue its commercial development in Europe and to strengthen the value of ADV7103 in the U.S while extending its cash runway.Promising outlook for 2024Sustained growth in sales of Sibnayal®. In fiscal 2024  Advicenne anticipates sustained growth in sales of its main product  Sibnayal®  in Europe  both directly and through partnerships. Our partners' teams are stepping up their efforts with the health authorities in their respective regions  which should result in Sibnayal obtaining acceptable pricing and reimbursement in some of these territories.Optimization of ADV7103 development plan in the United States. Advicenne is continuing its discussions with the FDA on the registration strategy for ADV7103 in dRTA. The company recently completed its responses to the FDA's remaining questions. These additional data  currently being evaluated  should lead to concrete decisions by the end of the first half of the year.These conclusions and the orphan designation for ADV7103 in cystinuria and dRTA should enable the company to enter a partnership in the United States with biopharmaceutical company responsible for the development and marketing of ADV7103 in both indications.Based on all these favorable prospects  particularly the sales of Sibnayal® in Europe  the Company plans to achieve operational profitability during Q4 2024.ABOUT ADVICENNEAdvicenne (Euronext: ALDVI) is a specialty pharmaceutical company founded in 2007  specializing in the development of innovative treatments in Nephrology. Its lead product Sibnayal® has received its Marketing Approval for distal renal tubular acidosis in EU and GB. ADV7103 is currently in late-stage development in cystinuria in Europe and in dRTA and cystinuria in the US and in Canada. Headquartered in Paris  Advicenne  listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange since 2017  has now been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since its transfer on March 30  2022. For additional information  see: https://advicenne.com/.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Advicenne group and its business  including its prospects and product candidate development. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Advicenne considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which estimates are subject to numerous risks including the risks set forth in the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial market authority on April 28  2023 (a copy of which is available on www.advicenne.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Advicenne operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Advicenne or not currently considered material by Advicenne. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance  or achievements of Advicenne to be materially different from such forward-looking statements. Advicenne expressly declines any obligation to update such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240327727793/en/,positive,0.61,0.38,0.01,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['Strong improvement', 'commercial activity', 'Advicenne', '2023 results', 'sustained', 'Sibnayal®', 'March', '31', 'US Orphan Drug Designation', 'Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI', 'gross sales less taxes', 'orphan drug status', 'rare renal diseases', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Research Tax Credit', 'Credit Impot Recherche', 'Total Gross Sales1', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'Year-end cash position', '2023 key financial highlights', 'growth sales momentum', 'R&D expenses', '1 Gross sales', 'gross amount', 'key accomplishments', 'Total revenue', 'total income', 'sales expenses', 'Unit sales', 'product sales', '2023 financial results', 'financial statements', 'financial interests', 'overall growth', 'first time', 'Sharp decrease', 'net loss', 'Major announcement', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative treatments', 'audit procedures', 'audit report', 'Didier Laurens', 'regulatory environment', 'two years', 'general dynamic', 'operational profitability', 'same time', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'recent announcement', 'major milestone', 'other income', 'other revenue', 'Operating expenses', 'general expenses', 'Operating loss', 'Diluted loss', 'Middle East', 'first royalties', 'annual turnover', 'supervisory authorities', 'best estimates', 'The Company', 'inventory building', 'manufacturing processes', 'cash runway', '685 Cash flows', '1,387 thousand euros', '1,225 thousand euros', '4,458 thousand euros', '3,715 thousand euros', '3,071 thousand euros', '2,490 thousand euros', 'Sibnayal sales', 'resources allocation', 'commercial development', 'price agreement', 'several countries', 'distribution partners', 'fiscal year', 'reimbursement conditions', 'significant drop', 'solid performance', 'significant reduction', 'financing activities', 'value-creating activities', 'Sibnayal® revenue', 'continuing increase', 'Sibnayal® volume', 'losses', 'Q2', 'ADV7103', 'cystinuria', 'Advicenne', 'commercialization', 'update', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'March', 'auditors', 'mid-April', 'terms', 'pricing', 'objective', 'ambition', 'actions', 'profile', 'partnership', 'ODD', 'dRTA', 'respect', 'marketing', 'structural', 'share', 'operations', 'investing', 'Closing', 'France', 'deployment', 'Europe', 'customers', 'quantities', 'products', 'administration', 'discounts', 'collections', 'improvement', 'spending', 'cost', 'percentage', '2024']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38434,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/advicenne-strong-improvement-of-2023-results-thanks-to-sustained-commercial-activity-on-sibnayal--93CH-3356161,Advicenne: Strong improvement of 2023 results thanks to sustained commercial activity on Sibnayal ® By Investing.com,Advicenne: Strong improvement of 2023 results thanks to sustained commercial activity on Sibnayal ®,Sibnayal ® volume up 84%.Gross sales exceed €4 million for the first time.Sharp (OTC: ) decrease in net loss to -7.03 M € vs. -11.47 M € in 2022.Year-end cash position at €5.25 million and cash runway extended to Q2 2025.Major announcement post-closing: US Orphan Drug Designation of ADV7103 in cystinuria.PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Advicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI - FR0013296746)  a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of innovative treatments for those suffering from rare renal diseases  announces today its 2023 financial results  and provides an update on its activities.The financial statements for the year 2023 were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on March 27  2024. The audit procedures are being finalized and the auditors shall issue their audit report by mid-April 2024.Didier Laurens  Chief Executive Officer of Advicenne  commented: In 2023  Advicenne has benefited fully from the growth sales momentum  driven by the continuing increase in Sibnayal sales. In a regulatory environment that remains highly complex in terms both of pricing and reimbursement  Sibnayal's performance was remarkable in terms of both volume (+84%) and value (+40%). Combined with an optimized resources allocation towards commercial development  these key accomplishments made it possible to significantly reduce our losses  which almost halved in two years. This general dynamic should accelerate further this year with the objective of reaching operational profitability at the end of 2024. This ambition will be achieved thanks to the expected price agreement in several countries covered by our partners. At the same time  we are intensifying our actions to improve the profile of ADV7103 in the USA with the ambition of finalizing a partnership with a biopharmaceutical company. The recent announcement of orphan drug status for ADV7103 in cystinuria  following the ODD obtained in dRTA  is a major milestone in this respect.( € thousands) December 31  2023 December 31  2022 Total Gross Sales1 4 458 3 715 of which Sibnayal ® 1 965 1 410 Total revenue and other income 3 483 3 008 of which Sibnayal ® revenue 1 707 1 053 of which other revenue 1 235 1 288 of which other income 541 667 Operating expenses 9 940 13 067 of which R&D expenses 3 752 7 077 of which marketing and sales expenses 1 083 1 066 of which structural and general expenses 3 380 3 807 Operating loss -6 457 -10 059 Financial result -575 -1 374 of which financial interests -1 334 -762 Net Loss -7 031 -11 470 Basic and Diluted loss per share ( €/share) -0 67 -1 16 Opening cash 8 322 12 685 Cash flows from/(used in) operations -5 989 -9 147 Cash flows from /(used in) investing activities -1 318 -2 Cash flows from /(used in) financing activities 4 233 4 783 Closing cash 5 250 8 3222023 key financial highlightsTotal Gross sales amounted €4.4 million in 2023 up 20% compared to 2022. Gross sales of Sibnayal ® were €1.9 million (vs. €1.4 million in 2022) and drove the overall growth of Advicenne. Unit sales of Sibnayal ® increased by 84% fueled by growth in France and the deployment of distribution partners in Europe and the Middle East. As anticipated  Advicenne received the first royalties on Sibnayal ® amounting €0.16 million in 2023._ _ _ _ _ __1 Gross sales represent the gross amount billed to customers for the quantities of products delivered during the fiscal year. In countries where the price  or the reimbursement conditions  have not yet been decided by the administration  the annual turnover corresponds to gross sales less taxes and discounts set by the supervisory authorities. These taxes and discounts are recorded based on the Company's best estimates or collections received from the administration. They represent 1 387 thousand euros in 2023 and 1 225 thousand euros in 2022 for total gross sales of respectively 4 458 thousand euros and 3 715 thousand euros and a total income of respectively 3 071 thousand euros and 2 490 thousand euros.The Company recorded a significant drop in operating losses to €6.5 million euros (compared to €10.1 million in 2022). This improvement of almost 40% is mainly linked to the increase in total revenue and other income to €3.5 million  an increase of almost 16% despite the drop in the Research Tax Credit (Credit Impot Recherche) to €0.3 million (compared to €0.6 million in 2022).This solid performance also results from a significant reduction in operating expenses  reduced by more than €3 million to €9.9 million (vs. €13.1 million in 2022)  highlighting the allocation of spending on value-creating activities. Excluding cost of products sold  the reduction in operating expenses is even more marked  at almost €4 million. The cost of sales in 2023 increased slightly as a percentage of product sales compared to 2022 due to inventory building to meet and anticipate growth in sales.Operating expenses were still mainly dedicated to R&D  for which expenses reached €3.8 million  focused on activities in the USA and the improvement of manufacturing processes. Marketing and sales expenses increased slightly  but remained contained because they were mainly borne by commercial partners. General expenses were further reduced to €3.4 million  compared to €3.8 million in 2022  and reflect the full impact of the reorganizations carried out in 2021 and 2022.Operating losses were almost halved over the period 2021 - 2023 under the combined effect of a continued increase in revenue and optimized control of operating expenses. Overhead costs were thus reduced by nearly €1.5 million in two financial years.Financial losses amounted €0.6 million last year. Interest charges related to the EIB loan and the French State Guaranteed Loan (PGE) reached €1.3 million (compared to €0.7 million in 2022) and reflect the full-year impact of the drawing of the second tranche of the EIB loan in December 2022. They are partially offset by a non-cash gain of €0.8 million (vs. a charge of €0.6 million in 2022) from the revised evaluation of royalties linked to the EIB debt under IFRS rules.The Company did not record any corporate tax expense for the 2023 financial year.Overall  net loss was €7 million  compared to €11.5 million in 2022. This level reflects the significant improvement in operating profit. This loss represents €0.67 per share in 2023  compared to €1.16 per share in 2022.Net cash flow used in operating activities amounted to €6.0 million in 2023  compared to €9.1 million in 2022  directly linked to operating income. Operational cash consumption was halved over the last two financial years. The cash flow improved significantly to €-6.3 million (compared to €-9.4 million in 2022) thanks to the control of outstanding invoices and despite an unfavorable inventory effect.Net cash flow used in investing activities increased significantly due to a significant investment in manufacturing equipment.Net cash flow from financing activities amounted to €4.2 million in 2023. The Company carried out a capital increase of €5.4 million net in October 2023. In return  the Company repaid €1.1 million of principal for EMPs (PGE) from lending banks.Finally  Advicenne closes the year 2023 with a net cash position of €5.3 million compared to €8.3 million a year previously.Given the expected growth in turnover in 2024  the Company extends its cash runway to the beginning of the second quarter of 2025  excluding exceptional items. The Company continues its efforts to partner with a partner in the development of ADV7103 in the USA and other regions with the objective of optimizing its value creation model.2023 operational highlightsFirst commercial launches and deployment of strategic alliances. 2023 was the year of the first significant commercial deployments in France and Great Britain.In France  a clearly favorable trend is being observed from the second half of the year thanks to the structuring of the sales forces. Sibnayal sales recorded record monthly sales over several consecutive months until the end of 2023. A trend confirmed in the first months of 2024.In Great Britain  although 2023 was less dynamic than expected  the signings of several hospitals in the second half of the year signal an acceleration in business trends which seem to materialize since the beginning of 2024.In the rest of Europe  all Advicenne partners are now recording sales in their respective geographic areas with strong dynamics  particularly in Germany  Greece  Denmark  and several Eastern European countries. The first sales were also recorded in the Middle East thanks to the implementation of early access programs.Regulatory progress with FDA for ADV7103 in dTRA and cystinuria in the U.S. Following on from obtaining orphan designation in December 2022  Advicenne continued its discussions with the FDA to optimize the development of ADV7103 in dTRA.Advicenne presented long-term data (72 months) from the B22 study and pharmacovigilance data. The meeting  which took place in Q3 2023  provided an opportunity to discuss efficacy and safety data of ADV7103. Initial discussions led to a significant revision of the development plan in dRTA  both in terms of timing and costs. A complementary dossier is currently being prepared to finalize the on-going discussions.At the same time  Advicenne recently announced orphan drug status for ADV7103 in cystinuria. This status significantly reinforces the value of ADV7103 in a pathology with significant unmet medical need. Not all these activities require a legal presence in the United States. Advicenne has therefore decided to dissolve Advicenne Inc. This decision has no impact on the continuation of American regulatory and clinical activities.Strengthening equity. In October 2023  the Company strengthened its financial position with the success of its capital increase for a gross amount of €5.7 million ( €5.4 million net). This financing allows the Company to continue its commercial development in Europe and to strengthen the value of ADV7103 in the U.S while extending its cash runway.Promising outlook for 2024Sustained growth in sales of Sibnayal ®. In fiscal 2024  Advicenne anticipates sustained growth in sales of its main product  Sibnayal ®  in Europe  both directly and through partnerships. Our partners' teams are stepping up their efforts with the health authorities in their respective regions  which should result in Sibnayal obtaining acceptable pricing and reimbursement in some of these territories.Optimization of ADV7103 development plan in the United States. Advicenne is continuing its discussions with the FDA on the registration strategy for ADV7103 in dRTA. The company recently completed its responses to the FDA's remaining questions. These additional data  currently being evaluated  should lead to concrete decisions by the end of the first half of the year.These conclusions and the orphan designation for ADV7103 in cystinuria and dRTA should enable the company to enter a partnership in the United States with biopharmaceutical company responsible for the development and marketing of ADV7103 in both indications.Based on all these favorable prospects  particularly the sales of Sibnayal ® in Europe  the Company plans to achieve operational profitability during Q4 2024.ABOUT ADVICENNEAdvicenne (Euronext: ALDVI) is a specialty pharmaceutical company founded in 2007  specializing in the development of innovative treatments in Nephrology. Its lead product Sibnayal ® has received its Marketing Approval for distal renal tubular acidosis in EU and GB. ADV7103 is currently in late-stage development in cystinuria in Europe and in dRTA and cystinuria in the US and in Canada. Headquartered in Paris  Advicenne  listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange since 2017  has now been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since its transfer on March 30  2022. For additional information  see: https://advicenne.com/.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Advicenne group and its business  including its prospects and product candidate development. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Advicenne considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which estimates are subject to numerous risks including the risks set forth in the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial market authority on April 28  2023 (a copy of which is available on www.advicenne.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Advicenne operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Advicenne or not currently considered material by Advicenne. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance  or achievements of Advicenne to be materially different from such forward-looking statements. Advicenne expressly declines any obligation to update such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240327727793/en/AdvicenneDidier Laurens  CEO+33 (0) 1 87 44 40 17Email: investors@advicenne.comUlysses CommunicationMedia relationsBruno Arabian+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26Email: advicenne@ulysse-communication.comSource: Advicenne,positive,0.58,0.41,0.01,negative,0.02,0.35,0.63,True,English,"['sustained commercial activity', 'Strong improvement', 'Investing.com', 'Advicenne', '2023 results', 'Sibnayal', 'US Orphan Drug Designation', 'Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI', 'gross sales less taxes', 'orphan drug status', 'rare renal diseases', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Research Tax Credit', 'Credit Impot Recherche', 'Total Gross Sales1', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'Year-end cash position', '2023 key financial highlights', 'growth sales momentum', 'R&D expenses', '1 Gross sales', 'gross amount', 'key accomplishments', 'Total revenue', 'total income', 'sales expenses', 'Unit sales', 'product sales', '2023 financial results', 'financial statements', 'financial interests', 'overall growth', 'first time', 'net loss', 'Major announcement', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative treatments', 'audit procedures', 'audit report', 'Didier Laurens', 'regulatory environment', 'two years', 'general dynamic', 'operational profitability', 'same time', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'recent announcement', 'major milestone', 'other income', 'other revenue', 'Operating expenses', 'general expenses', 'Operating loss', 'Diluted loss', 'Middle East', 'first royalties', 'annual turnover', 'supervisory authorities', 'best estimates', 'The Company', 'inventory building', 'manufacturing processes', 'cash runway', '685 Cash flows', '1,387 thousand euros', '1,225 thousand euros', '4,458 thousand euros', '3,715 thousand euros', '3,071 thousand euros', '2,490 thousand euros', 'Sibnayal sales', 'investing activities', 'financing activities', 'value-creating activities', 'resources allocation', 'commercial development', 'price agreement', 'several countries', 'distribution partners', 'fiscal year', 'reimbursement conditions', 'significant drop', 'solid performance', 'significant reduction', 'Sibnayal ® revenue', 'continuing increase', 'Sibnayal ® volume', 'losses', 'Sharp', 'OTC', 'decrease', 'Q2', 'ADV7103', 'cystinuria', 'Advicenne', 'commercialization', 'update', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'March', 'auditors', 'mid-April', 'terms', 'pricing', 'objective', 'ambition', 'actions', 'profile', 'partnership', 'ODD', 'dRTA', 'respect', 'thousands', 'marketing', 'structural', 'share', 'operations', 'Closing', 'France', 'deployment', 'Europe', 'customers', 'quantities', 'products', 'administration', 'discounts', 'collections', 'improvement', 'spending', 'cost', 'percentage', '2024', '807']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investing.com
38435,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATARI-S-A-2168735/news/RollerCoaster-Tycoon-Celebrates-25th-Anniversary-with-New-Online-Store-46311750/,RollerCoaster Tycoon Celebrates 25th Anniversary with New Online Store,(marketscreener.com) Features a New Collection of Exclusive Apparel  Accessories  and CollectiblesNEW YORK  March 28  2024 -- Fans of the RollerCoaster Tycoon franchise can now shop in a store that lives outside the iconic amusement park simulation game. With…,"Features a New Collection of Exclusive Apparel  Accessories  and CollectiblesNEW YORK  March 28  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Fans of the RollerCoaster Tycoon franchise can now shop in a store that lives outside the iconic amusement park simulation game. With a grand opening today  fans can now find a variety of exclusive apparel  accessories  and collectibles in the official RollerCoaster Tycoon store at atari.com .To mark the 25th Anniversary of RollerCoaster Tycoon  Atari is offering a special treat: limited edition shadowbox art pieces showcasing the game's original box cover  each piece personally signed by the creator  Chris Sawyer. Act fast  as there are only 350 numbered and signed copies available  priced at $199 USD each.The collectible shadowbox art measures 12"" x 15-½"" x 2-½"" and comes ready to hang with an official Atari Certificate of Authenticity (COA). Each piece is printed on 1/8"" thick optical-grade acrylic with vibrant UV cured inks and set in a high quality finished MDF wood frame. Designed and manufactured by Artovision in Eau Claire  Wisconsin.“We are excited to celebrate such an important milestone with Chris and all Rollercoaster Tycoon fans ” said Wade Rosen  Chairman and CEO of Atari. “Rollercoaster Tycoon is a rare game that continues to inspire joy among players 25 years after it was first introduced.”Atari operates Rollercoaster Tycoon games under a license agreement with Chris Sawyer  including Rollercoaster Tycoon Classic  Tycoon 2  Tycoon Deluxe  Touch  and Adventures Deluxe. Atari intends to create new titles for the franchise in the coming years. The official 25th anniversary date is March 31  2024.To stay up-to-date on all things Atari and retro-pop culture  follow on Facebook   Twitter   Instagram   YouTube   join the community on Discord   and enroll in the Atari Club at www.atari.club .A press kit including early key art and logos is available here: https://uberstrategist.link/RCT-25th-anniversary-pkit .Photos accompanying this announcement are available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/a5dcab8d-9213-4fd8-923d-c2adbad23268https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/22ce7a6d-7441-4944-b3a5-260b35a25915https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/54067a66-d34e-44f9-9db4-31de0dab1632https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/f67f0377-3f08-43ad-956c-5e25f495f609About RollerCoaster TycoonDeveloper Chris Sawyer’s affection for roller coasters led him to create an amusement park-themed game early in his career. Working from his rural home at the edge of the Scottish Highlands  he spent over two years designing and coding RollerCoaster Tycoon. The resulting game  released in 1999  is a simulation masterpiece that challenges players to complete park-building and management scenarios. Given total control over their parks  players have to strategically place rides  shops  food stalls  and even bathrooms  and hire staff in order to maximize visitor happiness and park profits. The most magical part of RollerCoaster Tycoon is of course the dozens of coasters you can build and the total control over park design. Millions upon millions have played the original RollerCoaster Tycoon  or one of the many franchise sequels on PC  mobile  and console.About AtariAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment  and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA) and OTC Pink Current (Ticker PONGF).©2024 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['New Online Store', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', '25th Anniversary', 'limited edition shadowbox art pieces', 'iconic amusement park simulation game', 'iconic gaming industry brand', '1/8"" thick optical-grade acrylic', 'vibrant UV cured inks', 'official 25th anniversary date', 'official RollerCoaster Tycoon store', 'collectible shadowbox art', 'early key art', 'amusement park-themed game', 'original box cover', 'high quality finished', 'MDF wood frame', 'OTC Pink Current', 'many franchise sequels', 'official Atari Certificate', 'Rollercoaster Tycoon Classic', 'original RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Rollercoaster Tycoon games', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon franchise', 'Developer Chris Sawyer', 'interactive entertainment company', 'Rollercoaster Tycoon fans', 'simulation masterpiece', 'park profits', 'park design', 'rare game', 'resulting game', '200 unique games', 'Tycoon Deluxe', 'New Collection', 'Exclusive Apparel', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'grand opening', 'special treat', 'Eau Claire', 'important milestone', 'license agreement', 'new titles', 'coming years', 'retro-pop culture', 'press kit', 'rural home', 'Scottish Highlands', 'two years', 'management scenarios', 'total control', 'food stalls', 'visitor happiness', 'magical part', 'licensed products', 'world-renowned brands', 'Missile Command', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ALATA', 'Ticker PONGF', '2024 Atari Interactive', 'atari.com', 'Atari Club', 'atari.club', 'roller coasters', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', 'Accessories', 'Collectibles', 'variety', 'creator', '350 numbered', 'copies', 'Authenticity', 'Artovision', 'Wisconsin', 'Wade', 'Rosen', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'joy', 'players', 'Touch', 'Adventures', 'March', 'things', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'community', 'Discord', 'logos', 'uberstrategist', 'RCT-25th-anniversary-pkit', 'Photos', 'announcement', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom', 'AttachmentNg', 'a5dcab8d', 'affection', 'career', 'edge', 'park-building', 'parks', 'rides', 'shops', 'bathrooms', 'staff', 'order', 'course', 'dozens', 'Millions', 'PC', 'mobile', 'console', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede®', 'offices', 'France', 'trademarks']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38436,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/azelis-strengthens-asia-pacific-footprint-with-the-acquisition-of-pt-marga-dwi-kencana-in-indonesia-93CH-3356124,Azelis Strengthens Asia Pacific Footprint With the Acquisition of PT Marga Dwi Kencana in Indonesia By Investing.com,Azelis Strengthens Asia Pacific Footprint With the Acquisition of PT Marga Dwi Kencana in Indonesia,ANTWERP  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Azelis (Brussels:AZE)  a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemicals and food ingredients industry  announces that it has signed an agreement to acquire 100% of the shares of PT Marga Dwi Kencana (MDK)  one of the leading distributors serving the personal care market in Indonesia.MDK's product portfolio strategically complements Azelis' lateral value chain  expanding the group's platform to serve the high-growth personal care market  and reinforces its footprint in the broader life sciences market in the country. In addition  MDK's foothold in the Halal cosmetic market expands the group's technical expertise to serve a wider spectrum of the personal care market.Founded in 2009 and headquartered in the greater Jakarta area  MDK employs over 30 staff and runs a technical center that will join Azelis' wider lab and technical support network. The company has developed long-standing relationships with global and regional strategic principals and serves a large  loyal customer base that relies on its technical and formulation expertise. MDK's management team and employees  which include experienced sales and technical teams  will become part of Azelis  supporting the business and the integration process following the acquisition. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2024  after fulfillment of customary closing conditions.SertaÃ§ SÃ¼rÃ¼r  Azelis Asia Pacific CEO & President  says:The acquisition of MDK provides us with an expanded presence in Indonesia and deepens our coverage in Asia Pacific. MDK's strong market presence  complementary product portfolio  and innovation capabilities are well aligned with our business model and allow us to better support our customers and principals with innovative solutions. With our shared focus on innovation and technical knowledge as a cultural base  we look forward to welcoming the MDK team to Azelis and future opportunities for growth  together.Mr. Margono Hadisantoso  PT Marga Dwi Kencana Co-Founder and Managing Director  adds:We are pleased to become part of the Azelis team  as partnering with a well-regarded global leader will be beneficial for our company  customers  and principals  allowing us to scale up our business considerably with further opportunities for growth  cross-selling synergies  and access to additional blue-chip principals. Our combined businesses create an enhanced portfolio offering for our customers and allow us to join a strong regional technical network within the personal care market  expanding the solutions provided to partners.- END -About AzelisAzelis is a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemical and food ingredients industry  present in 65 countries across the globe with over 4 200 employees. Our knowledgeable teams of industry  market and technical experts are each dedicated to a specific market within Life Sciences and Industrial Chemicals. We offer a lateral value chain of complementary products to more than 63 000 customers  supported by +2 800 principal relationships  creating a turnover of €4.2 billion (2023). Azelis Group NV is listed on Euronext Brussels under ticker AZE.Across our extensive network of more than 70 application laboratories  our award-winning staff help develop formulations and provide technical guidance throughout the customers' product development process. We combine a global market reach with a local footprint to offer a reliable  integrated  and unique digital service to local customers and attractive -business opportunities to principals. Top industry-rated by Sustainalytics  Azelis is a leader in sustainability. We believe in building and nurturing solid  honest and transparent relationships with our people and partners.Impact through ideas. Innovation through formulation.www.azelis.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240327431378/en/Contact informationAzelisMeredith (NYSE: ) WoodCorporate Communications Business PartnerT: +32 485 29 36 65E: meredith.wood@azelis.comSource: Azelis,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['PT Marga Dwi Kencana', 'Asia Pacific Footprint', 'Azelis', 'Acquisition', 'Indonesia', 'Investing', 'PT Marga Dwi Kencana Co-Founder', 'Corporate Communications Business Partner T', 'leading global innovation service provider', 'large, loyal customer base', 'high-growth personal care market', 'broader life sciences market', 'strong regional technical network', 'Contact information Azelis Meredith', ""customers' product development process"", 'Azelis Asia Pacific CEO', 'unique digital service', 'global market reach', 'lateral value chain', 'greater Jakarta area', 'customary closing conditions', 'Mr. Margono Hadisantoso', 'Halal cosmetic market', 'strong market presence', 'enhanced portfolio offering', 'regional strategic principals', 'technical support network', 'complementary product portfolio', 'food ingredients industry', 'attractive -business opportunities', 'additional blue-chip principals', 'Azelis Group NV', 'leading distributors', 'integration process', 'cultural base', 'extensive network', 'specific market', 'innovation capabilities', 'global leader', 'expanded presence', 'complementary products', 'technical expertise', 'technical center', 'technical teams', 'technical knowledge', 'technical experts', 'technical guidance', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business model', 'Regulatory News', 'specialty chemicals', 'wider spectrum', 'wider lab', 'long-standing relationships', 'management team', 'experienced sales', 'second quarter', 'future opportunities', 'Managing Director', 'selling synergies', 'combined businesses', 'knowledgeable teams', 'Industrial Chemicals', '+2,800 principal relationships', '70 application laboratories', 'solid, honest', 'transparent relationships', 'local customers', 'Azelis team', 'formulation expertise', 'innovative solutions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'award-winning staff', 'local footprint', 'source version', 'MDK team', '63,000 customers', '30 staff', 'ANTWERP', 'Belgium', 'agreement', 'shares', 'Indonesia', 'platform', 'country', 'foothold', 'company', 'employees', 'acquisition', 'transaction', 'fulfillment', 'President', 'coverage', 'focus', 'cross', 'access', 'partners', 'END', '65 countries', 'globe', 'turnover', 'ticker', 'formulations', 'Sustainalytics', 'sustainability', 'people', 'Impact', 'ideas', 'businesswire', 'NYSE', 'Wood']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investing.com
38437,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2853742/0/en/JDE-Peet-s-commits-to-newly-validated-near-term-and-net-zero-SBTi-targets.html,JDE Peet’s commits to newly validated near-term and net-zero SBTi targets,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  28 March 2024      Commitment to target further reductions in Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions and specific Forest  Land  and......,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  28 March 2024Commitment to target further reductions in Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions and specific Forest  Land  and Agriculture (FLAG) emissionsJDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) today has committed to newly validated Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) targets as part of its Common Grounds sustainability programme. In line with the SBTi-validated targets and new Forest Land and Agriculture Science-Based Target-Setting Guidance (FLAG)  JDE Peet’s is committed to the following targets:A 43.3% reduction in absolute scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions by 2030  from a 2020 base year;A 25% reduction in absolute scope 3 GHG emissions by 2030  from a 2020 base year (industrial non-FLAG);A 30.3% reduction in absolute Forest  Land  and Agriculture (FLAG) GHG emissions by 2030  from a 2020 base year; andNo deforestation across JDE Peet’s primary deforestation-linked commodities  coffee  pulp & paper  palm oil and cocoa with a target date of 31 December 2025  as described in JDE Peet's’ Forest Policy.All these targets are consistent with SBTi's 1.5°C mitigation pathway to achieve net-zero by 2050. The Forest  Land and Agriculture Science-Based Target-Setting Guidance (FLAG) is the world’s first framework for companies in land-intensive sectors to set science-based targets that include land-based emissions reductions and removals.These new targets increase JDE Peet's’ previous SBTi-approved commitments that were in line with a well below 2°C pathway. The new net-zero compliant targets are currently the most ambitious designation available through the SBTi process. Since 2023  JDE Peet's delivered a 21% reduction in its scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions and a 9% reduction in its scope 3 GHG emissions. As the result of a periodical review of its progress under its Common Grounds sustainability programme  JDE Peet’s is now able to commit to more extensive targets.A key element of JDE Peet’s’ Common Grounds sustainability programme are the impactful coffee farmer programmes which help build resilience and reduce the environmental footprint of coffee farming. For example  the regenerative agricultural practices programme contributes to an increase in yields and optimised agrochemical usage  thus increasing income  improving livelihoods  and preventing deforestation.Laurent Sagarra  Vice-President Sustainability at JDE Peet’s commented: “We believe that coffee  globally  can be grown in a net-zero way by 2050 if we work together – across the industry and with coffee farmers. We are pleased to have made considerable progress in our reductions in our scope 1  2 and 3 GHG emissions in 2023  and are proud to announce new targets in line with SBTi FLAG guidance to continue to drive reductions. Through our inclusive farmer-first approach  we can address environmental challenges while helping to maintain coffee farmers’ livelihoods.”To learn more about JDE Peet’s’ sustainability journey  including our climate transition plan  please visit the company’s website . Further information can also be found in the Annual Report.# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 100 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2023  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['zero SBTi targets', 'JDE Peet', 'term', 'net', 'regenerative agricultural practices programme', 'Common Grounds sustainability programme', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'impactful coffee farmer programmes', 'Agriculture Science-Based Target-Setting Guidance', 'new net-zero compliant targets', 'primary deforestation-linked commodities', 'previous SBTi-approved commitments', 'inclusive farmer-first approach', 'climate transition plan', '1.5°C mitigation pathway', 'SBTi FLAG guidance', 'new Forest Land', 'absolute Forest, Land', 'land-based emissions reductions', 'FLAG) GHG emissions', 'scope 3 GHG emissions', 'coffee farmers’ livelihoods', 'science-based targets', 'Vice-President Sustainability', 'new targets', '2°C pathway', 'net-zero way', 'sustainability journey', 'Forest Policy', 'GHG) emissions', '2 GHG emissions', 'SBTi) targets', 'SBTi-validated targets', 'following targets', 'extensive targets', 'FLAG) emissions', 'absolute scope 1', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Greenhouse Gas', '2020 base year', 'palm oil', 'target date', 'first framework', 'land-intensive sectors', 'ambitious designation', 'SBTi process', 'periodical review', 'key element', 'environmental footprint', 'agrochemical usage', 'Laurent Sagarra', 'environmental challenges', 'Further information', 'Annual Report', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'leading pure-play', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'coffee farming', 'considerable progress', 'Enquiries Media', 'tea company', 'Amsterdam', '28 March', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'part', 'line', '43.3% reduction', '25% reduction', 'industrial', '30.3% reduction', 'pulp', 'paper', 'cocoa', '31 December', 'world', 'companies', 'removals', '21% reduction', '9% reduction', 'result', 'resilience', 'example', 'increase', 'yields', 'income', 'industry', 'website', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,100 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'Attachment', '1, 2']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38438,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-named-Market-Leader-in-BARC-Score-Financial-Performance-Management-2024-46309285/,Wolters Kluwer named Market Leader in BARC Score Financial Performance Management 2024,(marketscreener.com) Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution recognized by BARC for seventh consecutive yearhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-named-Market-Leader-in-BARC-Score-Financial-Performance-M…,Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution recognized by BARC for seventh consecutive yearWolters Kluwer  a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals  today announces that its CCH® Tagetik expert solution has retained its leadership position for the seventh consecutive year in both the Global and DACH region issues of the prestigious BARC Score Financial Performance Management (FPM) Report.Developed by BARC  one of Europe’s leading analyst firms for business software  the reports highlight CCH Tagetik’s strength as a unified platform for financial corporate management (financial consolidation and close; budgeting  planning  and forecasting; ESG and regulatory reporting; corporate tax) that can be used by individual subsidiaries or at group level.Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance & ESG  Wolters Kluwer  said: “The BARC Score FPM Reports have ranked CCH Tagetik as a market leader year after year  recognizing our consistent commitment to product excellence and innovation. We are focused on empowering CFOs – in the DACH region and globally – to drive digital transformation  manage complex global requirements  and connect enterprise-wide insights to deliver growth and navigate change.”To develop the BARC Score FPM Reports  BARC analysts review data and insights from the BARC Planning Survey  the BARC Financial Consolidation Survey  and customer feedback to rate solution providers on architecture  functionality  performance  and customer satisfaction.Positive client sentiment related to the business benefit of the CCH Tagetik expert solution and its price-to-value  planning and financial consolidation functionality  workflow support and ease of use was highlighted in the BARC Planning Survey  a key input for the BARC Score FPM Reports.Dr. Christian Fuchs  BARC Senior Data & Analytics Analyst  commented: “Our BARC Financial Consolidation Survey has revealed a high level of customer satisfaction with CCH Tagetik projects. Clients particularly highlighted the key strengths of the workflow and comprehensive financial consolidation and close functionality. This positive customer feedback underscores CCH Tagetik's continued strong performance in the BARC Scores.”CCH Tagetik is part of Wolters Kluwer’s Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG) division  headed by CEO Karen Abramson. The division is the world’s leading provider of integrated software solutions for EHS  Environmental  Social  and Governance (ESG)  and Governance  Risk and Compliance (GRC). Through innovative technology and unique expertise  Wolters Kluwer CP & ESG enables business leaders to make informed  strategic decisions driving transformation  performance and risk management for a sustainable and resilient world.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328199815/en/,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['BARC Score Financial Performance Management', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Market Leader', 'prestigious BARC Score Financial Performance Management', 'The BARC Score FPM Reports', 'Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'CCH Tagetik expert solution', 'BARC Financial Consolidation Survey', 'comprehensive financial consolidation', 'CCH Tagetik projects', 'financial corporate management', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'Positive client sentiment', 'Dr. Christian Fuchs', 'CEO Karen Abramson', 'deep domain knowledge', 'BARC Planning Survey', 'informed, strategic decisions', 'financial consolidation functionality', 'seventh consecutive year', 'BARC Senior Data', 'DACH region issues', 'leading analyst firms', 'complex global requirements', 'positive customer feedback', 'integrated software solutions', 'Wolters Kluwer CP', 'expert solutions', 'solution providers', 'FPM) Report', 'BARC analysts', 'BARC Scores', 'risk management', 'Analytics Analyst', 'leading provider', 'critical decisions', 'Corporate Performance', 'strong performance', 'customer satisfaction', 'global leader', 'leadership position', 'business software', 'unified platform', 'individual subsidiaries', 'General Manager', 'market leader', 'consistent commitment', 'product excellence', 'business benefit', 'key input', 'high level', 'key strengths', 'close functionality', 'unique expertise', 'business leaders', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'corporate tax', 'corporate compliance', 'regulatory reporting', 'group level', 'digital transformation', 'enterprise-wide insights', 'workflow support', 'innovative technology', 'resilient world', 'ESG) division', 'information', 'services', 'professionals', 'Europe', 'budgeting', 'forecasting', 'innovation', 'CFOs', 'growth', 'change', 'architecture', 'price', 'value', 'ease', 'use', 'Clients', 'part', 'EHS', 'Social', 'Governance', 'GRC', 'sustainable', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'legal', 'customers', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38439,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROAPI-137177484/news/2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46305943/,2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com)  Press Release     Paris – March 28  2024 – EUROAPI today announces that its 2023 Universal Registration Document will be filed with the French Financial Markets Authority on April 5  2024. Financial calendar May 22  2024: Annual Sharehol…,Press ReleaseParis – March 28  2024 – EUROAPI today announces that its 2023 Universal Registration Document will be filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on April 5  2024.Financial calendarMay 22  2024: Annual Shareholder General MeetingQ2 2024: Further information on FOCUS-27 projectJuly 31  2024 (before market opening): H1 2024 ResultsAbout EUROAPIEUROAPI is focused on reinventing active ingredient solutions to sustainably meet customers’ and patients’ needs around the world. We are a leading player in active pharmaceutical ingredients with approximately 200 products in our portfolio  offering a large span of technologies while developing innovative molecules through our Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) activities.Taking action for health by enabling access to essential therapies inspires our 3 450 people every day. With strong research and development capabilities and six manufacturing sites  all located in Europe  EUROAPI ensures API manufacturing of the highest quality to supply customers in more than 80 countries. EUROAPI is listed on Euronext Paris; ISIN: FR0014008VX5; ticker: EAPI). Find out more at www.euroapi.com and follow us on LinkedIn.Media Relations contact:Laurence BollackTel.: +33 (0)6 81 86 80 19mr@euroapi.comInvestor Relations contacts:Sophie Palliez-CapianTel.: +33 (0)6 87 89 33 51Sophie.palliez@euroapi.comCamile RicotierTel : +33 (0)6 43 29 93 79Camille.ricotier@euroapi.comForward-looking statementsCertain information contained in this press release is forward looking and not historical data. These forward-looking statements are based on opinions  projections and current assumptions including  but not limited to  assumptions concerning the Group’s current and future strategy  financial and non-financial future results and the environment in which the Group operates  as well as events  operations  future services or product development and potential. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Forward looking statements and information do not constitute guarantees of future performances  and are subject to known or unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  including social risks  a large number of which are difficult to predict and generally outside the control of the Group  which could cause actual results  performances or achievements  or the results of the sector or other events  to differ materially from those described or suggested by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those that are indicated and detailed in Chapter 3 “Risk factors” of the Universal Registration Document approved by the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers  AMF) on April 14  2023  under number R.23-009 and the Amendment to Universal Registration Document approved by the AMF on April 25  2023 under number R.23-015 (which are both available at www.euroapi.com). These forward-looking statements are given only as of the date of this press release and the Group expressly declines any obligation or commitment to publish updates or corrections of the forward-looking statements included in this press release in order to reflect any change affecting the forecasts or events  conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based.”Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Annual Shareholder General Meeting', 'French Financial Markets Authority', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'active ingredient solutions', 'active pharmaceutical ingredients', 'Media Relations contact', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'six manufacturing sites', 'Forward looking statements', 'financial future results', 'Financial calendar', 'Manufacturing Organization', 'API manufacturing', 'future strategy', 'future services', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Press Release', 'FOCUS-27 project', 'market opening', 'H1 2024 Results', 'patients’ needs', 'leading player', 'large span', 'innovative molecules', 'Contract Development', 'CDMO) activities', 'essential therapies', 'strong research', 'development capabilities', 'highest quality', 'Laurence Bollack', 'historical data', 'product development', 'similar expressions', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Risk factors', 'future performances', 'unknown risks', 'social risks', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', 'Camile Ricotier', 'Further information', 'large number', 'other events', 'current assumptions', 'EUROAPI', 'AMF', 'April', 'May', 'Q2', 'July', 'before', 'world', '200 products', 'portfolio', 'technologies', 'action', 'health', 'access', '3,450 people', 'Europe', 'customers', '80 countries', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'EAPI', 'LinkedIn', 'Tel.', 'mr', 'Camille', 'opinions', 'projections', 'Group', 'environment', 'operations', 'potential', 'words', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'estimates', 'plans', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'achievements', 'sector', 'Chapter', 'Amendment', 'date', 'obligation', 'commitment', 'corrections', 'order', 'change', 'forecasts', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment', '6']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38440,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIC-4617/news/BIC-Release-and-Availability-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46308912/,BIC Release and Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                         Release and Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document Clichy  France – March 28  2024 – The French version of the 2023 Universal Registration Document was...https://www.marketsc…,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASERelease and Availability of the2023 Universal Registration DocumentClichy  France – March 28  2024 – The French version of the 2023 Universal Registration Document was filed with the A.M.F (Autorité des Marchés Financiers: French Financial Markets Authority) on March 28  2024.The document is available on BIC’s website (www.bic.com in the Investors’ section under Universal Registration Document) as well as on the website of the A.M.F (www.amf-france.org). It is available to the public under current regulatory conditions.The 2023 Universal Registration Document contains XBRL tags (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) for its financial statements  as BIC adopted the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF).The document includes:the Annual Financial Report the Management report of the Board of Directors for 2023 the Report on Corporate Governance of the Board of Directors (including the compensation policy for corporate officers) information regarding BIC’s social  environmental  and societal responsibility the description of the share buyback program the Reports from the Statutory Auditors and their fees the draft resolutions submitted by the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 29  2024  as well as the Board of Directors report on the draft resolutions.ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox  and more. In 2023  BIC Net Sales were €2 263 million. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It has received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 1 45 19 55 28brice.paris@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAGENDAAll dates are subject to change1st Quarter 2024 Results April 23  2024 (post market close) 2024 Annual General Meeting May 29  2024 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2024 Results July 31  2024 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2024 Results October 23  2024 (post market close)Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'BIC Release', 'Availability', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'eXtensible Business Reporting Language', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'French Financial Markets Authority', '2023 Universal Registration Document Clichy', 'A.M.F', 'current regulatory conditions', 'share buyback program', 'Annual General Meeting', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Investor Relations team', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Press Relations contact', '1st Half 2024 Results', 'Annual Financial Report', '1st Quarter 2024 Results', 'BIC Net Sales', 'French version', 'financial statements', 'BIC products', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'Investors’ section', 'XBRL tags', 'Management report', 'Corporate Governance', 'compensation policy', 'corporate officers', 'societal responsibility', 'Statutory Auditors', 'draft resolutions', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Lucky Stationary', 'sustainable development', 'Isabelle de', 'post market', 'Euronext Paris', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'world leader', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'Brice Paris', 'Availability', 'France', 'website', 'org', 'public', 'The', 'ESEF', 'Board', 'Directors', 'information', 'description', 'Reports', 'fees', 'May', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'Segonzac', 'Image', 'AGENDA', 'dates', 'change', 'April', '9 Months', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38441,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/economy/exclusivesix-group-ceo-rules-out-allfunds-bid-amid-ma-hunt-3356396,Exclusive-SIX Group CEO rules out Allfunds bid amid M&A hunt By Reuters,Exclusive-SIX Group CEO rules out Allfunds bid amid M&A hunt,"By Pablo Mayo CerqueiroLONDON (Reuters) -SIX Group has ruled out making a bid for fund distribution group Allfunds after studying an acquisition  and will instead consider other deals that can expand its data business or give it access to new asset classes  its CEO Jos Dijsselhof told Reuters.""We don't think that's something for us "" Dijsselhof said in an interview on Wednesday when asked about Allfunds. ""We've also had a look at it  but not our cup of tea.""The comments come two months after Reuters reported that SIX  the operator of the Swiss and Spanish stock exchanges  was in the early stages of exploring a takeover of Amsterdam-listed Allfunds.Allfunds shares initially fell as much as 2.45% on Thursday following the Reuters report but had pared losses to 1.48% by 1150 GMT.Dijsselhof said SIX is in contact with private equity firms  including Allfunds' largest shareholder Hellman & Friedman  as it continuously scans the market for possible acquisitions.The Zurich-headquartered group is less interested in acquiring other European stock exchanges  Dijsselhof  who has led the company since 2018  said.""If we could somehow get into derivatives or do something with other asset classes  perhaps even foreign exchange...that might be of interest "" he said.""Probably a data acquisition would actually have a higher priority than another exchange acquisition.""The Swiss company announced the acquisition of a majority stake in fixed-income data provider FactEntry on Thursday after the publication of the interview.SIX generated more than 1.5 billion Swiss francs ($1.66 billion) of operating income last year  with data the second-largest revenue contributor at more than 400 million francs.Dijsselhof said he hoped the group would at least double its overall revenue  as well as that of the financial information unit  over the next five years.He also said he would like to further grow its domestic payments business  including through acquisitions.""Our diversified portfolio I think is a real strength of SIX Group  which not many other exchange groups actually have "" he said.Unlike other market infrastructure groups  SIX's shares are not traded publicly  meaning it has fewer options to finance deals.The group could turn to its around 120 bank shareholders for cash and even consider going public down the line if it wanted to pursue more transformational deals  Dijsselhof said.However  he said there are no plans on the horizon for the bourse operator to change its ownership structure  nor has it been in a position where it has scrambled for money to pay for a deal.SIX Group had prepared an offer for Borsa Italiana  the operator of the Milan Stock Exchange  when its then-owner the London Stock Exchange Group (LON: ) put it up for sale  Dijsselhof revealed.Paris-headquartered Euronext ended up buying the asset in 2021 for more than 4 billion euros ($4.33 billion).($1 = 0.9056 Swiss francs)($1 = 0.9243 euros)",neutral,0.08,0.82,0.09,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['Exclusive-SIX Group CEO', 'M&A hunt', 'Allfunds bid', 'Reuters', 'other European stock exchanges', 'many other exchange groups', 'other market infrastructure groups', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'Spanish stock exchanges', 'Milan Stock Exchange', 'Pablo Mayo Cerqueiro', 'private equity firms', 'financial information unit', 'next five years', 'other asset classes', 'largest revenue contributor', 'domestic payments business', 'new asset classes', 'fund distribution group', 'fixed-income data provider', ""Allfunds' largest shareholder"", '1.5 billion Swiss francs', 'other deals', 'foreign exchange', 'data business', 'exchange acquisition', 'overall revenue', '400 million francs', '0.9056 Swiss francs', 'Zurich-headquartered group', 'early stages', 'higher priority', 'majority stake', 'operating income', 'diversified portfolio', 'real strength', 'fewer options', '120 bank shareholders', 'ownership structure', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Paris-headquartered Euronext', '4 billion euros', 'transformational deals', 'SIX Group', 'possible acquisitions', 'data acquisition', 'Swiss company', 'bourse operator', 'Reuters report', 'Jos Dijsselhof', 'Allfunds shares', '0.9243 euros', 'bid', 'access', 'CEO', 'something', 'interview', 'Wednesday', 'look', 'cup', 'tea', 'comments', 'takeover', 'Amsterdam-listed', 'Thursday', 'losses', '1150 GMT', 'contact', 'Hellman', 'Friedman', 'derivatives', 'interest', 'FactEntry', 'publication', 'cash', 'line', 'plans', 'horizon', 'position', 'money', 'offer', 'sale']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investing.com
38442,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854370/0/en/Availability-of-the-Annual-Financial-Report-of-Societe-Generale-SFH.html,Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SFH,PRESS RELEASE   Regulated Information    Paris  28 March 2024    Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SFH    Societe...,PRESS RELEASERegulated InformationParis  28 March 2024Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SFHSociete Generale SFH (“Société de Financement de l’Habitat”  Home Loans SFH) hereby informs the public that the Annual Financial Report for the period ended 31 December 2023 has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 28 March 2024.This document  available in French only  is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Societe Generale Home Loans SFH / Regulated information » section of the Societe Generale group’s website ( https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/debt-investors ) and on the AMF’s website.Press contacts :Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete Generale SFHSociete Generale SFH is a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) having opted for the status of société de financement de l’habitat  incorporated under French law on 21 February 2003 as a société anonyme à conseil d'administration. On 28 March 2011  it was authorised to act as a SFH (Société de Financement de l’Habitat) by the ACPR ( Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution).Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with more than 126 000 employees serving about 25 million clients in 65 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for nearly 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.com website where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'Societe Generale SFH', 'Availability', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'Societe Generale Home Loans SFH', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information', 'leading digital bank', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'specialised credit institution', 'three complementary sets', 'specialized financing activities', 'official Press Releases', 'distinctive global leadership', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Societe Generale SFH', 'sustainable value creation', 'Société de', 'Societe Generale group', 'several African countries', 'Group News page', 'societegenerale.com website', 'Global Banking', 'Leasing Services', 'Inclusion Index', 'établissement de', 'French Retail', 'leading franchises', 'International Retail', 'leading partner', 'Press contacts', 'global player', 'financial solutions', 'The Group', 'web page', 'sustainable future', 'French law', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'crédit', 'Résolution', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'trusted relationships', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'equity derivatives', 'universal banks', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'blockchain technology', 'sustainable mobility', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'structured finance', 'website societegenerale', '25 million clients', 'individual clients', 'insurance franchise', '65 countries', 'Paris', '28 March', 'Availability', 'Financement', 'Habitat', 'period', 'AMF', 'document', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'investors', 'financial-information', 'socgen', 'status', '21 February', 'conseil', 'administration', 'ACPR', '126,000 employees', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'businesses', 'BoursoBank', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter/X', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38443,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAMBA-DIGITAL-SGPS-S-A-144830141/news/Samba-Digital-Inc-Samba-Digital-Launches-an-Artificial-Intelligence-Platform-for-Sports-Organizati-46313933/,Samba Digital  Inc: Samba Digital Launches an Artificial Intelligence Platform for Sports Organizations in Collaboration with Orange Business -March 28  2024 at 02:01 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Samba Digital  IncSamba Digital  Inc: Samba Digital Launches an Artificial Intelligence Platform for Sports Organizations in Collaboration with Orange Business 28-March-2024 / 19:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory…,"Samba Digital Launches an Artificial Intelligence Platform for Sports Organizations in Collaboration with Orange BusinessLisbon  Portugal – March 28  2024  6:00 PM: Samba Digital (ISIN PTDGL0AM0003  Mnemonic MLSMB)  a global player in sports marketing  is delighted to announce the launch of its new artificial intelligence (AI) platform designed exclusively for sports organizations. This innovation marks a significant advancement in the field of sports marketing by offering a personalized Generative AI solution for content production.Developed in close collaboration with Orange Business  this platform is based on the Stable Diffusion environment  one of the most advanced and powerful machine learning models in the world. This cutting-edge technology enables the generation of high-quality images and videos from simple sets of words or texts.The most innovative aspect of this platform is its ability to be fed with photos and videos from sports organizations for which it holds the image rights. By simplifying and speeding up production processes  this platform promises to achieve unparalleled levels of creativity  efficiency  and quality.As stated in the press release on January 23  Samba Digital is making artificial intelligence a strong lever for development to serve its clients. AI will also progressively reduce production costs and improve operational processes.Frédéric Fausser  CEO of Samba Digital  states: ""Samba Digital has always been driven by innovation and the search for effective solutions for its clients. In collaboration with Orange Business  we have developed a platform that not only simplifies content creation for sports organizations but also opens the door to an era of unprecedented personalization and creativity. We are thrilled to be able to support our first clients on this path  including football clubs such as Juventus and Chelsea.""ABOUT SAMBA DIGITALFounded in 2018 in the United States  Samba Digital assists clubs and players in the sports and eGaming industry with their internationalization strategy by developing their digital audiences worldwide.The company is present on four continents: America (USA and LATAM)  Europe  Africa  and Asia. Samba Digital works with the biggest English football clubs (Liverpool  Tottenham  Manchester United  Chelsea...)  French football (Ligue 1  PSG  OM  OL  AS Monaco...)  Italian football (Serie A  Juventus  Napoli...)  German football (Bundesliga  Eintracht  Bayern Munich...) and  since 2022  the Portuguese Primeira Liga.The company develops its expertise in many other sports such as basketball (Orlando Magic in the NBA and FIBA)  rugby (World Rugby)  golf (Ryder Cup)  Formula 1  tennis (Roland-Garros  US Open  etc.). Based in Portugal  Samba Digital also owns Sports Translate and Sport Influencers  two platforms dedicated to the sports industry with over 300 translators and 5 000 influencers available worldwide. Sports Translate provides translation and adaptation of content in 50 languages and dialects and offers video subtitling and dubbing services.Samba Digital is the world's first sports marketing company to offer these diverse services with an economic model based on flexibility  no bank debt  and a comfortable cash position allowing it to self-finance its investments.Samba Digital is listed on Euronext Lisbon under ISIN PTDGL0AM0003  Mnemonic MLSMB.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.96,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['Artificial Intelligence Platform', 'Samba Digital', 'Sports Organizations', 'Orange Business', 'Collaboration', 'March', '02:01', 'new artificial intelligence (AI) platform', 'powerful machine learning models', 'Frédéric Fausser', 'personalized Generative AI solution', 'biggest English football clubs', 'first sports marketing company', 'Stable Diffusion environment', 'Portuguese Primeira Liga', 'comfortable cash position', 'Artificial Intelligence Platform', 'many other sports', 'French football', 'Italian football', 'German football', 'first clients', 'Sports Organizations', 'Sports Translate', 'sports industry', 'Samba Digital', 'Orange Business', 'ISIN PTDGL0AM000', 'Mnemonic MLSMB', 'global player', 'significant advancement', 'cutting-edge technology', 'high-quality images', 'simple sets', 'innovative aspect', 'image rights', 'production processes', 'unparalleled levels', 'press release', 'strong lever', 'production costs', 'operational processes', 'effective solutions', 'unprecedented personalization', 'United States', 'eGaming industry', 'internationalization strategy', 'digital audiences', 'four continents', 'Manchester United', 'AS Monaco', 'Serie A', 'Bayern Munich', 'Orlando Magic', 'Ryder Cup', 'US Open', 'two platforms', 'video subtitling', 'dubbing services', 'diverse services', 'economic model', 'bank debt', 'content production', 'content creation', 'Sport Influencers', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'close collaboration', 'World Rugby', '5,000 influencers', 'Portugal', 'March', '6:00 PM', 'launch', 'innovation', 'field', 'advanced', 'generation', 'videos', 'words', 'texts', 'ability', 'photos', 'creativity', 'efficiency', 'January', 'development', 'CEO', 'search', 'door', 'path', 'Juventus', 'Chelsea', 'players', 'America', 'USA', 'LATAM', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'Liverpool', 'Tottenham', 'PSG', 'Napoli', 'Bundesliga', 'Eintracht', 'expertise', 'basketball', 'NBA', 'FIBA', 'golf', 'Formula', 'tennis', 'Roland-Garros', '300 translators', 'translation', 'adaptation', '50 languages', 'dialects', 'flexibility', 'investments']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38444,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JDE-PEET-S-N-V-107634499/news/JDE-Peet-s-commits-to-newly-validated-near-term-and-net-zero-SBTi-targets-46306570/,JDE Peet's commits to newly validated near-term and net-zero SBTi targets,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  28 March 2024 Commitment to target further reductions in Greenhouse Gas emissions and specific Forest  Land  and Agriculture emissions JDE Peet’s today has committed to newly validated Science Based Targets initiat…,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  28 March 2024Commitment to target further reductions in Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions and specific Forest  Land  and Agriculture (FLAG) emissionsJDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) today has committed to newly validated Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) targets as part of its Common Grounds sustainability programme. In line with the SBTi-validated targets and new Forest Land and Agriculture Science-Based Target-Setting Guidance (FLAG)  JDE Peet’s is committed to the following targets:A 43.3% reduction in absolute scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions by 2030  from a 2020 base year;A 25% reduction in absolute scope 3 GHG emissions by 2030  from a 2020 base year (industrial non-FLAG);A 30.3% reduction in absolute Forest  Land  and Agriculture (FLAG) GHG emissions by 2030  from a 2020 base year; andNo deforestation across JDE Peet’s primary deforestation-linked commodities  coffee  pulp & paper  palm oil and cocoa with a target date of 31 December 2025  as described in JDE Peet's’ Forest Policy .All these targets are consistent with SBTi's 1.5°C mitigation pathway to achieve net-zero by 2050. The Forest  Land and Agriculture Science-Based Target-Setting Guidance (FLAG) is the world’s first framework for companies in land-intensive sectors to set science-based targets that include land-based emissions reductions and removals.These new targets increase JDE Peet's’ previous SBTi-approved commitments that were in line with a well below 2°C pathway. The new net-zero compliant targets are currently the most ambitious designation available through the SBTi process. Since 2023  JDE Peet's delivered a 21% reduction in its scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions and a 9% reduction in its scope 3 GHG emissions. As the result of a periodical review of its progress under its Common Grounds sustainability programme  JDE Peet’s is now able to commit to more extensive targets.A key element of JDE Peet’s’ Common Grounds sustainability programme are the impactful coffee farmer programmes which help build resilience and reduce the environmental footprint of coffee farming. For example  the regenerative agricultural practices programme contributes to an increase in yields and optimised agrochemical usage  thus increasing income  improving livelihoods  and preventing deforestation.Laurent Sagarra  Vice-President Sustainability at JDE Peet’s commented: “We believe that coffee  globally  can be grown in a net-zero way by 2050 if we work together – across the industry and with coffee farmers. We are pleased to have made considerable progress in our reductions in our scope 1  2 and 3 GHG emissions in 2023  and are proud to announce new targets in line with SBTi FLAG guidance to continue to drive reductions. Through our inclusive farmer-first approach  we can address environmental challenges while helping to maintain coffee farmers’ livelihoods.”To learn more about JDE Peet’s’ sustainability journey  including our climate transition plan  please visit the company’s website . Further information can also be found in the Annual Report.# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 100 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2023  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['net-zero SBTi targets', 'JDE Peet', 'term', 'regenerative agricultural practices programme', 'Common Grounds sustainability programme', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'impactful coffee farmer programmes', 'Agriculture Science-Based Target-Setting Guidance', 'new net-zero compliant targets', 'primary deforestation-linked commodities', 'previous SBTi-approved commitments', 'inclusive farmer-first approach', 'climate transition plan', '1.5°C mitigation pathway', 'SBTi FLAG guidance', 'new Forest Land', 'absolute Forest, Land', 'land-based emissions reductions', 'FLAG) GHG emissions', 'scope 3 GHG emissions', 'coffee farmers’ livelihoods', 'science-based targets', 'Vice-President Sustainability', 'new targets', '2°C pathway', 'net-zero way', 'sustainability journey', 'Forest Policy', 'GHG) emissions', '2 GHG emissions', 'SBTi) targets', 'SBTi-validated targets', 'following targets', 'extensive targets', 'FLAG) emissions', 'absolute scope 1', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Greenhouse Gas', '2020 base year', 'palm oil', 'target date', 'first framework', 'land-intensive sectors', 'ambitious designation', 'SBTi process', 'periodical review', 'key element', 'environmental footprint', 'agrochemical usage', 'Laurent Sagarra', 'environmental challenges', 'Further information', 'Annual Report', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'leading pure-play', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'coffee farming', 'considerable progress', 'Enquiries Media', 'tea company', 'Amsterdam', '28 March', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'part', 'line', '43.3% reduction', '25% reduction', 'industrial', '30.3% reduction', 'pulp', 'paper', 'cocoa', '31 December', 'world', 'companies', 'removals', '21% reduction', '9% reduction', 'result', 'resilience', 'example', 'increase', 'yields', 'income', 'industry', 'website', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,100 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'Attachment', '1, 2']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38445,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854326/0/en/Wendel-Availability-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document.html,Wendel: Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document,Availability of the 2023Universal Registration Document   2023 Universal Registration Document   Wendel’s Universal Registration Document for the year......,Availability of the 2023Universal Registration Document2023 Universal Registration DocumentWendel’s Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2023  was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on Thursday  March 28  2024. It is available to the public  in French  pursuant to the regulations in force.It includes:the 2023 annual financial report the Supervisory Board’s report on corporate governance the Statutory Auditors’ reports information regarding the fees paid in 2023 to the Statutory Auditors required information regarding the share buyback program the social  societal and environmental information constituting the statement of extra-financial performance.This document may be viewed under “Regulated information” and “Shareholders’ Meetings” in the “Investors” section of Wendel’s website (www.wendelgroup.com/en) as well as on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). It will also be available at the Company's head office  located at 2-4  rue Paul-Cézanne  75008 Paris – France.An English version of the Universal Registration Document will be available on Wendel’s website no later thanApril 8  2024.Shareholders’ Meeting as of May 16  2024Wendel informs its shareholders that the Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Thursday May 16  2024  at 3 p.m. (Paris time) at the Auditorium Cézanne Saint-Honoré  located at 2-4  rue Paul-Cézanne  75008 Paris.AgendaThursday April 25  2024Q1 2024 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of March 31  2024 (post-market release)Thursday May 16  2024Annual General MeetingWednesday July 31  2024H1 2024 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2024  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)Thursday October 24  2024Q3 2024 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2024 (post-market release)Thursday December 5  20242024 Investor DayAbout WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as ACAMS  Bureau Veritas  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Scalian  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies. In 2023  Wendel initiated a strategic shift into third-party asset management of private assets  alongside its historical principal investment activities.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of “Grand Mécène de la Culture” in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroupPress contacts Analyst and investor contacts Christine Anglade Pirzadeh: + 33 1 42 85 63 24 Olivier Allot: +33 1 42 85 63 73 c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.com Caroline Decaux: +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch: +33 1 42 85 63 72 c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.com Primatice Olivier Labesse: +33 6 79 11 49 71 olivierlabesse@primatice.com Hugues Schmitt: +33 6 71 99 74 58 huguesschmitt@primatice.com Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty: +1 212 521 4854 todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Wendel', 'Availability', 'historical principal investment activities', 'Grand Mécène', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'leading listed investment firms', 'Auditorium Cézanne Saint-Honoré', 'Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'rue Paul-Cézanne', 'share buyback program', 'Q1 2024 Trading update', 'Q3 2024 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'leading market positions', 'third-party asset management', 'Christine Anglade Pirzadeh', '2023 annual financial report', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'long-term development strategies', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Statutory Auditors’ reports', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'Primatice Olivier Labesse', 'market release', 'long-term patronage', 'Olivier Allot', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Supervisory Board', 'corporate governance', 'social, societal', 'extra-financial performance', 'Investors” section', 'head office', 'English version', 'H1 2024 results', '2024 Investor Day', 'The Group', 'North America', 'Bureau Veritas', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'significant shareholder', 'strategic shift', 'private assets', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'Press contacts', 'investor contacts', 'Caroline Decaux', 'Lucile Roch', 'Hugues Schmitt', 'portfolio companies', 'required information', 'environmental information', 'Regulated information', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thursday May', 'Thursday April', 'Wendel Growth', '75008 Paris', 'Availability', 'December', 'AMF', 'March', 'public', 'regulations', 'force', 'fees', 'website', 'wendelgroup', 'org', 'Company', '2-4', 'France', 'Agenda', 'NAV', 'Wednesday', 'June', 'September', 'Europe', 'leaders', 'field', 'ACAMS', 'Scalian', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition', 'arts', 'distinction', 'Culture', 'Twitter', 'Analyst', 'olivierlabesse', 'huguesschmitt', 'kekstcnc', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38446,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854127/0/en/RollerCoaster-Tycoon-Celebrates-25th-Anniversary-with-New-Online-Store.html,RollerCoaster Tycoon Celebrates 25th Anniversary with New Online Store,RollerCoaster Tycoon Celebrates 25th Anniversary with New Online Store Featuring Collection of Exclusive Apparel  Accessories  and Collectibles ......,"NEW YORK  March 28  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Fans of the RollerCoaster Tycoon franchise can now shop in a store that lives outside the iconic amusement park simulation game. With a grand opening today  fans can now find a variety of exclusive apparel  accessories  and collectibles in the official RollerCoaster Tycoon store at atari.com .To mark the 25th Anniversary of RollerCoaster Tycoon  Atari is offering a special treat: limited edition shadowbox art pieces showcasing the game's original box cover  each piece personally signed by the creator  Chris Sawyer. Act fast  as there are only 350 numbered and signed copies available  priced at $199 USD each.The collectible shadowbox art measures 12"" x 15-½"" x 2-½"" and comes ready to hang with an official Atari Certificate of Authenticity (COA). Each piece is printed on 1/8"" thick optical-grade acrylic with vibrant UV cured inks and set in a high quality finished MDF wood frame. Designed and manufactured by Artovision in Eau Claire  Wisconsin.“We are excited to celebrate such an important milestone with Chris and all Rollercoaster Tycoon fans ” said Wade Rosen  Chairman and CEO of Atari. “Rollercoaster Tycoon is a rare game that continues to inspire joy among players 25 years after it was first introduced.”Atari operates Rollercoaster Tycoon games under a license agreement with Chris Sawyer  including Rollercoaster Tycoon Classic  Tycoon 2  Tycoon Deluxe  Touch  and Adventures Deluxe. Atari intends to create new titles for the franchise in the coming years. The official 25th anniversary date is March 31  2024.To stay up-to-date on all things Atari and retro-pop culture  follow on Facebook   Twitter   Instagram   YouTube   join the community on Discord   and enroll in the Atari Club at www.atari.club .A press kit including early key art and logos is available here: https://uberstrategist.link/RCT-25th-anniversary-pkit .Photos accompanying this announcement are available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/a5dcab8d-9213-4fd8-923d-c2adbad23268https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/22ce7a6d-7441-4944-b3a5-260b35a25915https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/54067a66-d34e-44f9-9db4-31de0dab1632https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/f67f0377-3f08-43ad-956c-5e25f495f609About RollerCoaster TycoonDeveloper Chris Sawyer’s affection for roller coasters led him to create an amusement park-themed game early in his career. Working from his rural home at the edge of the Scottish Highlands  he spent over two years designing and coding RollerCoaster Tycoon. The resulting game  released in 1999  is a simulation masterpiece that challenges players to complete park-building and management scenarios. Given total control over their parks  players have to strategically place rides  shops  food stalls  and even bathrooms  and hire staff in order to maximize visitor happiness and park profits. The most magical part of RollerCoaster Tycoon is of course the dozens of coasters you can build and the total control over park design. Millions upon millions have played the original RollerCoaster Tycoon  or one of the many franchise sequels on PC  mobile  and console.About AtariAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment  and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA) and OTC Pink Current (Ticker PONGF).©2024 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['New Online Store', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', '25th Anniversary', 'limited edition shadowbox art pieces', 'iconic amusement park simulation game', 'iconic gaming industry brand', '1/8"" thick optical-grade acrylic', 'vibrant UV cured inks', 'official 25th anniversary date', 'official RollerCoaster Tycoon store', 'collectible shadowbox art', 'early key art', 'amusement park-themed game', 'original box cover', 'high quality finished', 'MDF wood frame', 'OTC Pink Current', 'many franchise sequels', 'official Atari Certificate', 'Rollercoaster Tycoon Classic', 'original RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Rollercoaster Tycoon games', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon franchise', 'Developer Chris Sawyer', 'interactive entertainment company', 'Rollercoaster Tycoon fans', 'simulation masterpiece', 'park profits', 'park design', 'rare game', 'resulting game', '200 unique games', 'Tycoon Deluxe', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'grand opening', 'exclusive apparel', 'special treat', 'Eau Claire', 'important milestone', 'license agreement', 'new titles', 'coming years', 'retro-pop culture', 'press kit', 'rural home', 'Scottish Highlands', 'two years', 'management scenarios', 'total control', 'food stalls', 'visitor happiness', 'magical part', 'licensed products', 'world-renowned brands', 'Missile Command', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ALATA', 'Ticker PONGF', '2024 Atari Interactive', 'roller coasters', 'Atari Club', 'atari.club', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', 'variety', 'accessories', 'collectibles', 'creator', '350 numbered', 'copies', 'Authenticity', 'Artovision', 'Wisconsin', 'Wade', 'Rosen', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'joy', 'players', 'Touch', 'Adventures', 'March', 'things', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'community', 'Discord', 'logos', 'uberstrategist', 'RCT-25th-anniversary-pkit', 'Photos', 'announcement', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom', 'AttachmentNg', 'a5dcab8d', 'affection', 'career', 'edge', 'park-building', 'parks', 'rides', 'shops', 'bathrooms', 'staff', 'order', 'course', 'dozens', 'Millions', 'PC', 'console', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede®', 'Pong®', 'offices', 'France', 'trademarks']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38447,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIR-LIQUIDE-4605/news/In-readiness-for-the-Olympic-and-Paralympic-Games-Paris-2024-the-Air-Liquide-hydrogen-station-locat-46308211/,In readiness for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024  the Air Liquide hydrogen station located at Place de l'Alma sports a new look,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:A showcase of the network of stations deployed in Ile-de-France   Air Liquide’s  hydrogen station located at the heart of the capital city is an integral part of the ambition to organize more sustainable Games. Just ov…,Regulatory News:A showcase of the network of stations deployed in Ile-de-France (Greater Paris area)  Air Liquide’s (Paris:AI) hydrogen station located at the heart of the capital city is an integral part of the ambition to organize more sustainable Games. Just over 100 days before the start of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024  this network of stations will enable the filling of 500 hydrogen cars  contributing to accelerate the use of hydrogen for mobility.Official Supporter in hydrogen of Paris 2024  Air Liquide has designed and installed this station at Place de l’Alma (Paris). The Group will supply hydrogen of renewable origin to Paris 2024’s official fleet  which notably includes 500 hydrogen Toyota Mirai cars.For vehicles with intensive-use  hydrogen presents significant benefits  enabling fast refilling time as well as a long autonomy. A hydrogen fill-up is possible in about 5 minutes  for a range of up to 650 kilometers.Armelle Levieux  member of Air Liquide’s Executive Committee overseeing Hydrogen activities  underlines: “Paris 2024 represents a fantastic opportunity to accelerate the development and the adoption of hydrogen  a key solution to reduce CO 2 emissions  in particular for intensive transport. Located at the heart of the French capital  the Place de l’Alma station embodies the showcase of an exceptional network  which will leave its mark as a lasting legacy. Present across the entire hydrogen value chain  Air Liquide contributes to the development of hydrogen  an essential molecule in the energy transition.”Hydrogen is a key solution for decarbonizing various sectors such as industry and mobility. In the field of transport  which accounts for a quarter1 of CO 2 emissions worldwide  Air Liquide has multiplied by ten the volumes of hydrogen supplied to mobility worldwide in two years. The Group provides hydrogen to approximately 15 000 cars  500 buses and 1 000 trucks in the world.The Place de l’Alma hydrogen station received funding from the Fuel Cells and Hydrogen 2 Joint Undertaking (now Clean Hydrogen Partnership) as part of the H2ME2 program  under Grant Agreement No 700350. This public-private partnership is supported by the EU’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation program  Hydrogen Europe and Hydrogen Europe Research.Air Liquide is a world leader in gases  technologies and services for industry and healthcare. Present in 72 countries with 67 800 employees  the Group serves more than 4 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the Group’s activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group beneﬁts from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition—particularly with hydrogen—and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.Air Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 27.5 billion euros in 2023. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50  FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.__________________1Source: www.statistiques.developpement-durable.gouv.fr/edition-numerique/chiffres-cles-du-climatView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328785532/en/,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.57,0.41,0.01,True,English,"['Air Liquide hydrogen station', 'Paralympic Games Paris', 'Place de', 'new look', 'readiness', 'Olympic', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'entire hydrogen value chain', 'Place de l’Alma', '500 hydrogen Toyota Mirai cars', 'Paris:AI) hydrogen station', 'fast refilling time', 'DJSI Europe indexes', 'essential small molecules', 'The Place de', 'Greater Paris area', 'Hydrogen 2 Joint Undertaking', 'Paralympic Games Paris', 'Alma hydrogen station', 'Clean Hydrogen Partnership', 'Hydrogen Europe Research', 'Alma station', 'sustainable Games', 'essential molecule', 'public-private partnership', 'Horizon 2020 research', '500 hydrogen cars', 'Regulatory News', 'Air Liquide', 'capital city', 'Official Supporter', 'renewable origin', 'official fleet', 'significant benefits', 'long autonomy', 'Armelle Levieux', 'Executive Committee', 'fantastic opportunity', 'key solution', 'French capital', 'lasting legacy', 'various sectors', 'two years', 'Fuel Cells', 'H2ME2 program', 'Grant Agreement', 'innovation program', '4 million customers', 'scientific territory', 'strategic plan', 'global performance', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'new markets', 'major assets', 'business model', 'technological expertise', '27.5 billion euros', 'compartment A', 'EURO STOXX', 'source version', 'hydrogen fill-up', 'The Group', 'energy transition', 'integral part', 'intensive transport', 'world leader', 'high technologies', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Hydrogen activities', 'exceptional network', 'CO 2 emissions', '15,000 cars', 'showcase', 'stations', 'Ile-de-France', 'heart', 'ambition', 'start', 'Olympic', 'use', 'mobility', 'vehicles', '5 minutes', 'range', '650 kilometers', 'member', 'development', 'adoption', 'industry', 'field', 'quarter1', 'volumes', '1,000 trucks', 'funding', 'gases', 'services', 'healthcare', '72 countries', '67,800 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'nitrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'creation', 'action', 'future', 'strategy', 'ADVANCE', 'resilience', 'strength', 'ability', 'solutions', 'climate', 'progress', 'areas', 'digital', 'revenue', 'FTSE4Good', '1Source', 'statistiques', 'developpement', 'gouv', 'edition-numerique', 'chiffres', 'businesswire']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38448,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-announces-the-nomination-of-Andre-Turenne-as-Director-46306439/,Inventiva announces the nomination of Andre Turenne as Director,(marketscreener.com) Daix   Long Island City   March 28  2024 – Inventiva   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis   also kno…,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  March 28  2024 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”)  also known as non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced the nomination of Andre Turenne to its Board of Directors. Mr. Turenne’s appointment will be submitted to the shareholders for ratification at the next general shareholder meeting.Frédéric Cren  Chairman  Chief Executive Officer  and cofounder of Inventiva: “We are extremely pleased that our Board of Directors has proposed the appointment of Andre. His deep knowledge of the industry and his experience in deploying strategic collaborations and executing M&A transactions will be a strategic experience and know-how for Inventiva  as we enter the final stretch of our Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH. We look forward to welcoming Andre as the newest member of our Board of Directors.”Mr. Turenne has more than 20 years of global experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He is currently President and Chief Executive Officer of the Boston-based biotech Matchpoint Therapeutics  and Advisor to Atlas Venture since 2021. Prior to joining Matchpoint  Mr. Turenne served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Voyager Therapeutics. He previously held senior leadership positions at Sanofi  including Senior Vice President and Global Head of Business Development & Licensing  responsible for strategic transactions across therapeutic areas  modalities  and geographies. Mr. Turenne holds a B.A. from Kalamazoo College and an M.B.A. from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth.Andre Turenne  non-executive director nominee: “I am delighted to have the opportunity to join the Board of Directors of Inventiva  which is at a pivotal stage in its clinical program in NASH. I am eager to collaborate with the board and leadership team to support the company towards fulfilling its mission.”About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with MASH/NASH  and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with MASH/NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting a candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercEVP  Strategy and Corporate Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 202 499 8937 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Julia CailleteauMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements.These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to the results of Inventiva’s annual general meeting of shareholders  including with respect to the appointment of Mr. Turenne  Inventiva’s clinical trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in MASH/NASH  its pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  the potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  and future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “potential”  “opportunity”  “possible”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance  or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva cannot provide assurance on the impacts of the SUSAR on enrolment or the ultimate impact on the results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or regulatory matters with respect thereto  that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's and its partners’ clinical trials may not support Inventiva's and its partners’ product candidate claims  Inventiva's expectations with respect to its clinical trials may prove to be wrong and regulatory authorities may require holds and/or amendments to Inventiva’s clinical trials  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH/NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays beyond expectations in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s and its partners' business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions  impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrollment and completion of Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials on anticipated timelines and the state of war between Israel and Hamas and the related risk of a larger conflict  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  rising interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems  and the vote of Inventiva’s shareholders. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts  and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023 as amended on August 31  2023  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on March 30  2023  and the Half-Year Report for the six months ended June 30  2023 on Form 6-K filed with the SEC on October 3  2023  for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described under the caption “Risk Factors”  and in our future filings with the SEC  including our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 to be filed with the SEC. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.26,0.13,True,English,"['Andre Turenne', 'Inventiva', 'nomination', 'Director', 'ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Frédéric Cren', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'next general shareholder meeting', 'Hippo signaling pathway program', 'Boston-based biotech Matchpoint Therapeutics', 'adult MPS VI patients', 'annual general meeting', 'Long Island City', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'non-executive director nominee', 'two preclinical programs', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'safe harbor provisions', 'metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'senior leadership positions', 'one clinical candidate', 'lead product candidate', 'M&A transactions', 'M.B.A.', 'Patricia L. Bank', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Senior Vice President', 'other development opportunities', 'Media relations inventiva', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'pivotal stage', 'adult patients', 'clinical efforts', 'clinical trials', 'Voyager Therapeutics', 'clinical development', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'strategic transactions', 'leadership team', 'Investor relations', 'other diseases', 'Global Head', 'compartment B', 'drug candidate', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mr. Turenne', 'deep knowledge', 'strategic collaborations', 'final stretch', 'newest member', 'Atlas Venture', 'therapeutic areas', 'Kalamazoo College', 'Tuck School', 'strong expertise', 'nuclear receptors', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'available options', 'scientific team', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'Pascaline Clerc', 'Corporate Affairs', 'Brunswick Group', 'Aude Lepreux', 'Julia Cailleteau', 'Important Notice', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'public company', 'ICR Company', 'global experience', 'development facility', 'Andre Turenne', 'strategic experience', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'forward-looking statements', 'The Company', 'Business Development', 'Daix', 'France', 'March', 'treatment', 'MASH', 'NASH', 'nomination', 'Board', 'Directors', 'appointment', 'shareholders', 'ratification', 'Chairman', 'cofounder', 'know-how', 'lanifibranor', '20 years', 'Advisor', 'Sanofi', 'Licensing', 'modalities', 'geographies', 'Dartmouth', 'opportunity', 'mission', 'research', 'domain', 'compounds', 'pipeline', 'common', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'potential', 'process', '90 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology', 'ISIN', 'inventivapharma', 'Contacts', 'EVP', 'Strategy', 'brunswickgroup', 'Westwicke', 'patti', 'meaning', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'results']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38449,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FRANCHETTI-S-P-A-144531768/news/Franchetti-S-p-A-FY2023-Results-Approved-46312673/,Franchetti S p A : FY2023 Results Approved -March 28  2024 at 11:28 am EDT,"(marketscreener.com)   FY2023 RESULTS APPROVED   Strong growth in value of production and margins  with EBITDA up 37.8%.   Focus on digital infrastructure and ""cloud-ready"" software.   PROPOSED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION OF €0.05 PER SHARE   Consolid…","FY2023 RESULTS APPROVEDStrong growth in value of production (+44.1% YoY) and margins  with EBITDA up 37.8%.Focus on digital infrastructure and ""cloud-ready"" software.PROPOSED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION OF €0.05 PER SHAREConsolidated financial highlights at December 31  2023:● Value of production: Euro 7.0 million  +44.1% (2022: Euro 4.9 million)● EBITDA: Euro 2.5 million  +37.8% (2022: Euro 1.8 million)● Net profit: Euro 1.2 million  up slightly (3.6%) on 2022● Net financial position: Euro 0 4 million (debt) compared to Euro 0 2 million (cash positive) in 2022● Order backlog (hard backlog) at December 31  2023 of Euro 34.2 million with visibility to 2027 (+4.9% compared to Euro 32.6 million at 30/11/2023). Orders with a signed contract underlying them are included in the backlog.Arzignano (VI)  March 28  2024 - The Board of Directors of Franchetti S.p.A. (""Franchetti"" or the ""Company"" or the ""Group "" Ticker BIT: FCH)  a company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange and parent of the multinational software development and engineering design Group of the same name  a pioneer in planning  diagnosis and treatment for the safety and predictive planning of maintenance for network infrastructure  particularly bridges and viaducts  met today. The meeting  chaired by Paolo Franchetti  approved the parent company's draft Financial Statements and reviewed the Consolidated Financial Statements at December 31  2023.Paolo Franchetti  Chairperson and CEO of Franchetti S.p.A:""Closing a fiscal year delivering growth never fails to provide great satisfaction. The numbers that the Board reviewed today not only reflect our growth  but are also testament to our ability to develop a solid and resilient business. Heartened by this  we look to the future aware of the need - felt especially keenly in Italy  but also inEurope more widely and the countries in which we operate - to modernize infrastructure. This is a requirement that is becoming a strategic priority for an increasing number of governments. Ensuring that bridges  viaducts and road networks are sustainable requires an approach that combines engineering skills with digital technologies. Our software offers unparalleled scalability  allowing thousands of facilities to be addressed simultaneously  facilities whose data we have collected over more than 25 years.To support this aspect of our uniqueness  we will continue to invest in digital infrastructure and R&D  especially to make sure our software can be adapted to ""cloud-ready"" architectures. I am also proud to have been able to launch the Franchetti Academy in early 2024. This seeks to position itself an international center of specialisation and excellence for professionals looking to pursue a career in predictive maintenance.""Consolidated Financial Highlights at December 31  2023Income StatementValue of production totaled Euro 7.0 million  up 44.1% from Euro 4.9 million to December 31  2022.Breaking down the value of production:The value of production in Italy stands at Euro 5 591 821 (79.6% of the total)  compared to Euro 3 035 000 in the same period in 2022  while the figure for Brazil is Euro 1 428 302 (20.4% of the total)  compared to Euro 1 837 000 in the same period in 2022.These results are mainly attributable to the steady and gradual increase in the engineering performance demands of the target sector. In 2023  the Italian  European  and global markets for maintenance of major road infrastructure worked on increasing levels of business  and the Company's specific expertise allowed it to benefit from the leadership position achieved by the Group. The domestic market generated considerable leverage in the area of large infrastructure maintenance. As this effect is a result of aging infrastructure  and largely independent of National Recovery and Resilience Plan funding  it is likely to continue for an extended period.The Company's commercial efforts have also continued as it seeks to expand both the number of contracts and its customer base. In this ever-changing market which  on the one hand  is witnessing an unstoppable process of infrastructure digitalization (IoT)  and on the other hand the development of technologies to prevent risks related to their ageing  Franchetti is investing to maintain the elevated levels of innovation in existing software and to develop new solutions  assisting its clients in managing their assets  including through strategic alliances with leading players in the sector.After expensing production costs of Euro 4.5 million - an item which is mainly affected by increased service costs relating to external suppliers and expenses for personnel (74 staff at December 31  2024)  EBITDA stood at Euro 2.5 million  a 37.8% increase on Euro 1.8 million in 2022. After depreciation and amortization of approx. Euro 0.5 million  Operating Profit (EBIT) stands at Euro 2.0 million  up 24.8% on Euro 1.6 million in 2022. Pre-tax profit was Euro 1.9 million  up 21.4% from Euro 1.5 million in 2022.20232022REVENUES6 152 164 4 742 811VALUE OF PRODUCTION EBITDA7 020 123 4 872 9232 535 483 1 839 393EBITDA Margin EBITEBIT Margin PROFIT41% 2 028 895 33% 1 243 20439% 1 625 322 34% 1 200 337Balance SheetNet Working Capital amounted to Euro 4.7 million  compared to Euro 2.7 million as of December 31  2022.The increase is due to an increase in trade receivables (rising from Euro 3.7 million in 2022 to Euro 5.8 million in 2023) and trade payables  which increased from Euro 0.8 million to Euro 1.3 million.As regards inventories (Euro 0.9 million in 2023 compared to Euro 0.1 million in 2022)  we note that in the year the parent company Franchetti S.p.A. decided to change the methodology used to value inventories. These are no longer valued using the cost method but at estimated realizable value. The criteria adopted in thevaluation of individual items led to a recognition of values that was not significantly different from the current costs of assets recognizable at the end of the fiscal year (Article 2426  item 10 of the Civil Code).Net Financial Debt stood at Euro 0 4 million (debt) compared to Euro 0 2 million (cash positive) at December 31  2022. Specifically  current financial payables rose to 2.8 million  up from Euro 1.7 million at December 31  2022  while non-current financial payables decreased to Euro 0 2 million (Euro 0 4 at December 31  2022).Shareholders' Equity totaled Euro 6.6 million  up from Euro 4.6 million at December 31  2022. The figure incorporates the payment of dividends in May 2023  for a total of Euro 68 330.For further details on the changes in the period  see the Directors' Report on the Franchetti Group S.p.A. consolidated financial statements at December 31  2023.Significant events in the period● On May 2 (later corrected in the press release of May 3)  executing the resolution of the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of September 5  2022  and in accordance with the ""2022-2025 Franchetti Warrants"" Regulations  Franchetti set May 22  2023 as the Coupon Date (coupon No. 2) for the second tranche of the ""2022-2025 Franchetti Warrants"". This entails the allocation to all shareholders of a maximum of 958 250 Warrants  in the ratio of 1 Warrant for every 4 ordinary shares.● On May 10  Franchetti announced that it had completed the acquisition of 67% of the share capital of Gallo Technics S.r.l. Gallo Technics S.r.l. is a newly established company based in Padua. It brings together the historical client list  experience and engineering tradition of engineers Cesare and Sebastiano Gallo's more than 50 years in the field and those of their father Domenico before them. Before the establishment of Gallo Technics  the brothers both practiced as individual professionals.● On May 24  the allocated process for the second tranche of the ""2022-2025 Franchetti Warrants "" with coupon date of May 22  2023  was completed  with 958 250 Warrants being allocated free of charge to all shareholders in the ratio of 1 warrant for every 4 ordinary shares held. These Warrants are traded on Euronext Growth Milan  identified by ISIN Code (IT0005508558) and fullyfungible with the ""2022-2025 Franchetti Warrants"".● On September 6  Franchetti announced the appointment of Gianluca Del Fabbro as General Manager of the Group. Mr. Del Fabbro assumed the position effective September 18  2023.● On September 29  Franchetti S.p.A. informed the relevant offices of Consob that the KID for the ""2022-2025 Franchetti Warrants"" (ISIN code IT0005508558) had been updated  as required by current regulations.● On the same date  the Company announced that holders of the ""2022-2025 Franchetti Warrants"" (ISIN code IT0005508558)  would be able to request their exercise from October 2  2023 and until October 16  2023 inclusive (the ""First Exercise Period"").● On October 16  the Company announced that  on the same date  the first exercise period of the ""2022-2025 Franchetti Warrants"" (ISIN IT0005508558)  covering the period between October 2 and October 16  2023  inclusive (the ""First Exercise Period"")  had concluded. During this period  157 250 Warrants were exercised and consequently 157 250 ordinary Franchetti shares were subscribed to  without indication of par value  at a price of Euro 3.30 per share  in the ratio of 1 (one) Conversion Share for every 1 (one) Warrant held  with regular dividend entitlement and the same characteristics as the Franchetti Ordinary Shares traded on the Euronext Growth Milan on the date of issue of the Conversion Shares  for a total value of Euro 518 925.00. Franchetti Holding S.r.l.  the majority shareholder and headed by Mr. Franchetti  the Company's Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer  proceeded to exercise 152 000 Warrants  for a total value of Euro 501 600.● On November 6 (later corrected in the communication of November 7)  the Company filed with the Vicenza Companies Register the certificate of the change in capital following the allocation of 157 250 newly issued Franchetti S.p.A. Ordinary Shares  resulting from the exercise of 157 250 Warrants during the First Exercise Period of the ""2022-2025 Franchetti Warrants"" (ISIN Code: IT0005508558) between October 2  2023 and October 16  2023 inclusive.Significant events after period-endThere have been no significant events since the period-end.Group order portfolio and outlookThe Board of Directors today verified and updated the value of the order book withvisibility to 2027  which stands at Euro 34.2 million  prepared on the basis of Group management data. Based on the available information  order book and organizational structure  Group performance in the current year is expected to be in line with management expectations.During the first quarter of 2024 - the developed production value is in line with expectations.In terms of the M&A plan  in line with the information previously provided  in 2024 the Franchetti Group intends to continue its acquisition plan to integrate new technologies  specialized skills and excellence in markets that are already proprietary or adjacent to the current ones  with substantial growth objectives. Against a global geopolitical backdrop featuring a number of armed conflicts  Franchetti S.p.A.'s management and Independent Directors have not currently detected any short-term risks as the Company's business is not exposed in crisis areas.Key Franchetti S.p.A. Results at December 31  2023Revenues from sales and services totaled Euro 5.0 million  up 46.3% from Euro 3.5 million in the previous year.Value of production stands at Euro 5.6 million  up 62.6% from Euro 3.5 million to December 31  2022.EBITDA is Euro 2.0 million  up from Euro 1.1 million in 2022  while the EBITDA margin is 41%  an increase from 31% in 2022. After depreciation and amortization of approx. Euro 0.4 million  Operating Income (EBIT) stands at Euro 1.6 million  up 82.7% on Euro 0.9 million in 2022. Net profit is Euro 1.0 million  up from Euro 0.6 million in 2022.Net Financial Debt was Euro 0.2 million (debt)  compared to Euro -0.4 million (cash positive) at December 31  2022. Specifically  financial payables totaled Euro 2.7 million (Euro 1.6 million at December 31  2022).Shareholders' Equity totaled Euro 5.5 million  up from Euro 4.0 million at December 31  2022.Proposal for the allocation of the resultThe Board of Directors approved the proposal to the Shareholders' Meeting for the following allocation of the net profit of Euro 1 037 616:- dividend equal to Euro 0.05 per share  for a total value of Euro 349 512.50 (Record Date: 05.27.2024  Extachment Date: 05.28.2024  Payment Date: 05.29.2024);- Euro 1 573 million to the legal reserve;- Euro 686.530 50 a nuovo new.2024 corporate events calendar updateThe Company communicates the following addition to the calendar of corporate events for the 2024 financial year published on 16 January 2024:4 April 2024 - Participation in the Investor Access Event Paris conferenceShareholders' Meeting CallThe Board of Directors has resolved to convene the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting for 24 April 2024 on first call and  if necessary  on 29 April 2024 on second call  for the approval of the financial statements as at 31 December 2023 and the allocation of the profit of the financial year  as well as for the assignment of the statutory auditing of the accounts for the three-year period 2024-2026 and for the determination of the fee pursuant to Legislative Decree 39/2010.The call notice and the relative documentation required by applicable regulations  including the 2023 Financial Statements  the Directors' Report  the Directors' Report on matters on the Agenda of the Shareholders' Meeting  the Board of Statutory Auditors' Report and the Independent Auditors' Report will be made available to the public  according to the provisions of the applicable regulations  at the Company's registered office and on its website athttps://www.franchetti.tech/governance#Assemblee and on the websitewww.borsaitaliana.it in the ""Shares/Documents"" section.Filing of documentationThe documentation concerning the Financial Statements at December 31  2023  required by the applicable regulation  shall be made available to the public at the registered office of the Issuer  and also published on the company websitewww.franchetti.tech in the ""Investor Relations/ Financial Statements and Reports"" section  in accordance with law  and on the websitewww.borsaitaliana.it in the Shares/Documents section.Franchetti S.p.A.Franchetti S.p.A. heads the Franchetti Group  a pioneer in the management  diagnostics and predictive maintenance of infrastructure (bridges and viaducts in particular). Founded in 2013 in Arzignano (VI)  with subsidiaries in Brazil and Canada and operations in the US and India  Franchetti is an innovative SME that has worked on over 40 000 equivalent motorway and railway bridges worldwide. The Group boasts a technical and scientific track record that places it among the industry's leading international experts. Operations are broken into two main business lines: diagnosis and planning for infrastructure maintenance  with inspections and assessments  intervention planning and construction management and ICT services for the predictive programming of infrastructure maintenance. Franchetti has in fact developed two proprietary software programs that leverage the potential of artificial intelligence and predictive data analysis: Argan® can estimate an infrastructure's life cycle and automatically assess safety levels over time for a range of maintenance scenarios and contexts  Pathwork© ensures the optimized management of road and highway works on infrastructure and to support sustainable mobility  and SIDECHECK©  which can intelligently compare data collected regarding inspections  inspectors  schedules  and work estimates to ensure that the evaluation process is as objective and comprehensive as possible. With a workforce of 70 professionals  more than 90% of whom are engineering graduates  the Group achieved a Value of Production of Euro 7.0 million in 2023 (+42.9% on 2022) and EBITDA of Euro 2.5 million (+38.9% on 2022).Contacts:Issuer Investor & Media Relations Advisor Franchetti S.p.A. TWIN Tel. +39 0444 671443 ir@franchetti.tech franchetti@twin.services Mara Di Giorgio || +39 335 7737417 Federico Bagatella|| +39 331 8007258 Chiara Bortolato || +39 347 8533894Euronext Growth Advisor & Specialist: Integrae Sim S.p.A.||+ 39 02 96 84 68 64Consolidated Income Statement(€) 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Revenues 6 152 164 4 742 811 Change in inventories 768 236 (24 914) Increases for internal work 18 911 - Other operating revenues 80 812 155 026 VALUE OF PRODUCTION 7 020 123 4 872 923 Costs for raw materials and consumables (141 989) (92 533) Costs for services (2 924 711) (2 188 893) Costs for the use of third party assets (281 635) (189 966) Personal (955 517) (432 011) Various management costs (180 788) (130 127) EBITDA 2 535 483 1 839 393 EBITDA Margin 41% 39% Amortization of intangible assets (489 936) (195 271) Depreciation of tangible fixed assets (16 652) (18 800) EBIT 2 028 895 1 625 322 EBIT Margin 33% 34% Financial income 23 295 14 778 Financial charges (153 731) (102 453) Gains/(Losses) on foreign exchange (27 496) 4 105 RESULT BEFORE TAXES 1 870 963 1 541 752 Income taxes (627 759) (341 415) PROFIT 1 243 204 1 200 337Consolidated Balance Sheet",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.28,0.11,True,English,"['Franchetti S', 'FY2023 Results', 'March', '11', '28', 'Franchetti S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan segment', 'PROPOSED DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION', 'Consolidated financial highlights', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'draft Financial Statements', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Resilience Plan funding', 'engineering performance demands', 'Net financial position', 'major road infrastructure', 'engineering design Group', 'large infrastructure maintenance', 'multinational software development', 'engineering skills', 'Net profit', 'road networks', 'leadership position', 'Paolo Franchetti', 'Franchetti Academy', 'digital infrastructure', 'network infrastructure', 'aging infrastructure', 'infrastructure digitalization', 'Strong growth', 'Ticker BIT', 'same name', 'fiscal year', 'great satisfaction', 'strategic priority', 'unparalleled scalability', 'R&D', 'cloud-ready"" architectures', 'international center', 'Income Statement', 'same period', 'global markets', 'increasing levels', 'specific expertise', 'domestic market', 'considerable leverage', 'National Recovery', 'extended period', 'commercial efforts', 'customer base', 'changing market', 'one hand', 'unstoppable process', 'other hand', 'elevated levels', 'new solutions', 'strategic alliances', 'leading players', 'service costs', 'external suppliers', 'Operating Profit', 'Pre-tax profit', 'cloud-ready"" software', 'existing software', 'predictive maintenance', 'Order backlog', 'hard backlog', 'FY2023 RESULTS', 'predictive planning', 'resilient business', 'increasing number', 'digital technologies', 'gradual increase', 'target sector', 'The Company', 'production costs', 'parent company', '37.8% increase', 'value', 'margins', 'EBITDA', 'SHARE', 'December', 'debt', 'visibility', 'Orders', 'contract', 'Arzignano', 'Board', 'Directors', 'FCH', 'pioneer', 'diagnosis', 'treatment', 'safety', 'bridges', 'viaducts', 'meeting', 'Chairperson', 'CEO', 'numbers', 'testament', 'future', 'need', 'Italy', 'inEurope', 'countries', 'requirement', 'governments', 'approach', 'thousands', 'facilities', 'data', '25 years', 'aspect', 'uniqueness', 'early', 'specialisation', 'excellence', 'professionals', 'career', 'total', 'figure', 'Brazil', 'steady', 'area', 'effect', 'IoT', 'risks', 'ageing', 'innovation', 'clients', 'assets', 'item', 'expenses', 'personnel', '74 staff', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'REVENUES', '●']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38450,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46313924/,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) : Transaction in Own Shares -March 28  2024 at 02:00 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED March 2024 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of i…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDMarch 2024 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in March 2024.Figure of the share buy back programme for March 2024Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in March 2024 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 299 516Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 123 090 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 422 60628 March 2024For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'Transaction', 'March', '02:00', 'March 2024 Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Euro share', 'GBP share', 'general authority', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38451,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SIGNIFY-N-V-27862555/news/Signify-N-Philips-Hue-expands-partnership-with-Samsung-SmartThings-46313074/,Signify N : Philips Hue expands partnership with Samsung SmartThings -March 28  2024 at 12:19 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)    Philips Hue and Samsung SmartThings expand their collaboration to optimize the interaction between the Philips Hue Sync TV app  Samsung TVs  and the SmartThings ecosystem   The Philips Hue Sync TV app will be made available as a …,"Philips Hue and Samsung SmartThings expand their collaboration to optimize the interaction between the Philips Hue Sync TV app  Samsung TVs  and the SmartThings ecosystemThe Philips Hue Sync TV app will be made available as a monthly subscription plan in addition to the one-time purchase optionThe Philips Hue Sync TV app will be released in Brazil  Hong Kong  Poland  the Czech Republic  and SlovakiaMusic mode will be available in the Philips Hue Sync TV app for compatible 2024 Samsung TVs  syncing any audio content played on the TV with your lightsEindhoven  the Netherlands - Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  and SmartThings  Samsung's global connected living platform  will expand their partnership to make it even easier for users to enjoy thrilling TV entertainment with surround lighting.For over a year  viewers have been able to connect their compatible Samsung TV with their Philips Hue lights to create an immersive lighting experience for their home cinema.1 In spring 2024  the Philips Hue Sync TV app will be released in new countries  get a monthly subscription option  and be integrated with the SmartThings mobile app for even easier control. Together  Philips Hue and SmartThings will bring the potential of the Philips Hue Sync TV app for Samsung TVs to even more people around the world.Monthly subscriptions and additional countriesPhilips Hue is introducing a subscription model based on a monthly fee of 2.99 EUR/USD or equivalent currency. Users will be able to choose between a one-time payment to unlock the app on a single Samsung TV or choose a monthly subscription that supports up to three Samsung TVs in the same household. Additionally  the Sync TV app will be available in Brazil  Hong Kong  Poland  the Czech Republic  and Slovakia.Easier control and advanced automations via SmartThingsThanks to the integration with the SmartThings ecosystem  Samsung users will be able to control the Sync TV app via their smartphone alongside their other SmartThings-compatible devices. The app allows users to adjust the settings with their smartphone without having to interrupt the TV content. With the SmartThings app  users can choose between different modes and start or stop syncing. Moreover  it allows users to create multi-device automations to create the perfect movie setting with the push of a button.Music mode lights up the sounds of any playlistUsers of the Philips Hue Sync TV app on compatible 2024 Samsung TV models will soon find a new feature in the app: Music mode. Instead of following the content on the screen  your Philips Hue lights will react to the audio of what's playing on the TV. Music mode is compatible with any music played on the TV  transforming your living room into a private concert hall. It will be available on compatible Samsung TVs manufactured in 2022 and 2023 later this year.""We are thrilled to expand our partnership with SmartThings to empower users with greater control over their entertainment experiences "" said Jasper Vervoort  Business Leader  Philips Hue at Signify.""The integration of Philips Hue Sync TV app into the SmartThings ecosystem allows users to create immersive multi-device entertainment routines  enhancing their smart home experiences like never before "" said Mark Benson  Head of SmartThings US. ""This partnership underscores our commitment to delivering seamless and innovative solutions that enrich the lives of our users  making their smart home experiences more immersive and enjoyable.""Availability and compatibilityThe Philips Hue Sync TV app is available for Samsung Q60 series or higher QLED TVs manufactured from 2022 onward. The integration of the Philips Hue Sync TV app into the SmartThings app and the monthly subscriptions will be available starting in spring 2024. Users will be able to access these features after downloading or updating to the latest version of the Sync TV app. Music mode will be available for compatible 2024 Samsung TVs from launch. It will be available for compatible 2022 and 2023 Samsung TVs later this year.1The Philips Hue Sync TV app is available for Samsung Q60 series or higher QLED TVs manufactured from 2022 onward.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.64,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Signify N', 'Philips Hue', 'Samsung SmartThings', 'partnership', 'March', '12:19', 'The Philips Hue Sync TV app', 'global connected living platform', 'immersive multi-device entertainment routines', 'compatible 2024 Samsung TV models', 'Philips Hue lights', 'thrilling TV entertainment', 'single Samsung TV', 'compatible Samsung TV', 'other SmartThings-compatible devices', 'perfect movie setting', 'private concert hall', 'SmartThings mobile app', 'higher QLED TVs', 'Samsung Q60 series', 'one-time purchase option', 'immersive lighting experience', 'smart home experiences', 'three Samsung TVs', 'compatible 2024 Samsung TVs', 'monthly subscription plan', 'monthly subscription option', 'Slovakia Music mode', 'entertainment experiences', 'SmartThings app', 'TV content', '2023 Samsung TVs', 'multi-device automations', 'living room', 'home cinema', 'subscription model', 'one-time payment', 'Monthly subscriptions', 'monthly fee', 'Samsung SmartThings', 'Hong Kong', 'Czech Republic', 'surround lighting', 'a year', 'new countries', 'easier control', 'additional countries', 'equivalent currency', 'same household', 'advanced automations', 'different modes', 'new feature', 'greater control', 'Jasper Vervoort', 'Business Leader', 'Mark Benson', 'innovative solutions', 'latest version', 'SmartThings ecosystem', 'SmartThings US', 'Samsung users', 'world leader', 'audio content', 'collaboration', 'interaction', 'Brazil', 'Poland', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'Signify', 'Euronext', 'partnership', 'viewers', 'spring', 'potential', 'people', 'integration', 'smartphone', 'settings', 'push', 'button', 'sounds', 'playlist', 'screen', 'Head', 'commitment', 'seamless', 'lives', 'Availability', 'compatibility', 'features', 'launch', '2.99']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38452,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46306134/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -March 28  2024 at 02:30 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5168 £ 24.6136 Estimated MTD return -0.31 % -0.22 % Estimated YTD return -0.11 % 0.18 % Estimated ITD return 175.17 % 146.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.24 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.65 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.5617 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.0014The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'March', '02:30', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38453,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2853717/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5168 £ 24.6136 Estimated MTD return -0.31 % -0.22 % Estimated YTD return -0.11 % 0.18 % Estimated ITD return 175.17 % 146.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.24 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.65 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.5617 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.0014The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38454,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46306135/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -March 28  2024 at 02:30 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5168 £ 24.6136 Estimated MTD return -0.31 % -0.22 % Estimated YTD return -0.11 % 0.18 % Estimated ITD return 175.17 % 146.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.24 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.65 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.5617 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.0014The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'March', '02:30', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38455,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLASQUIN-32716/news/Signing-of-the-Sale-Agreement-for-the-Acquisition-of-42-06-of-the-Share-Capital-of-Clasquin-by-SAS-46313242/,Signing of the Sale Agreement for the Acquisition of 42.06% of the Share Capital of Clasquin by SAS Shipping Agencies Services Sàrl (“SAS”),(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Following the press releases dated 4 December 2023 and 21 March 20241 and after completion of the information and consultation procedures with the relevant employee representative bodies of Clasquin   which issued a fa…,Regulatory News:Following the press releases dated 4 December 2023 and 21 March 20241 and after completion of the information and consultation procedures with the relevant employee representative bodies of Clasquin (Paris:ALCLA)  which issued a favourable opinion  Yves REVOL  OLYMP and SAS Shipping Agencies Services Sàrl (“SAS”)  a subsidiary of MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA  have signed a sale agreement for the acquisition of 42.06%2 of the share capital of Clasquin by SAS  at a price of EUR 142.03 per share3.As a reminder:Completion of the transaction  which will be subject to obtaining clearances from the competent regulatory authorities 4   is expected to happen by year end;  is expected to happen by year end; Upon completion of the transaction  SAS will file a tender offer with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) for the remaining shares in the capital of Clasquin  at the same price of EUR 142.03 per share. This draft offer will be submitted to the AMF for approval;(AMF) for the remaining shares in the capital of Clasquin  at the same price of EUR 142.03 per share. This draft offer will be submitted to the AMF for approval; The transaction is supported by the Chief Executive Officer of Clasquin and other key management team members  who have committed to tender all of their Clasquin shares into SAS’ tender offer  representing in aggregate c.8.5% of the share capital 5 .. The name of the independent expert tasked with preparing a report on the financial terms of the offer will be communicated immediately after its appointment by the Clasquin Board of Directors  on the recommendation of the ad hoc committee comprising a majority of independent directors. Clasquin’s Board of Directors will meet again to issue a substantiated opinion on the offer  after having reviewed the independent expert’s report  the ad hoc committee’s recommendation and the opinion of the Clasquin Social and Economic Committee (see Clasquin press release dated 21 March 2024).The Clasquin Group would continue to operate together with its teams and under the Group’s brands (Clasquin  Timar  LCI-Clasquin Cargolution  CVL  Exaciel  Art Shipping International and Transports Petit in particular).UPCOMING EVENTS (publication after market closure)Thursday 25 April 2024: Q1 2024 business reportWednesday 5 June 2024: Combined Annual General MeetingThursday 25 July 2024: Q2 2024 business reportTuesday 17 September 2024: H1 2024 resultsTuesday 29 October 2024: Q3 2024 business reportCLASQUIN is an air and sea freight forwarding and overseas logistics specialist. The Group designs and manages the entire overseas transport and logistics chain  organising and coordinating the flow of client shipments between France and the rest of the world and  more specifically  to and from Asia-Pacific  North America  North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa.Its shares are listed on EURONEXT GROWTH  ISIN FR0004152882  Reuters ALCLA.PA  Bloomberg ALCLA FP. Read more at www.clasquin.com.CLASQUIN confirms its eligibility for the share savings plan for MSCs (medium-sized companies) in accordance with Article D. 221-113-5 of the French Monetary and Financial Code established by decree number 2014-283 of 4 March 2014 and with Article L. 221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  which set the conditions for eligibility (less than 5 000 employees and annual sales of less than €1 500m or balance sheet total of less than €2 000m).CLASQUIN is listed on the Enternext© PEA-PME 150 index.LEI: 9695004FF6FA43KC4764___________________________________1 See Clasquin’s press releases dated 4 December 2023 and 21 March 2024.2 Currently representing 55.93% of the voting rights based on a total of 3 475 523 theoretical voting rights.3 The price of the block will be subject to downward revision in the event of leakage (including distribution)  in particular before completion of the sale of the block.4 The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals for the control of consolidations within the European Union and certain other jurisdictions  as well as the control of foreign investments in France; this regulatory condition is for the benefit of all parties and can only be waived by mutual agreement. Other conditions precedent have been stipulated  including the absence of material adverse events and obtaining third-party consent on important matters (both conditions being for the benefit of the buyer  who may waive said conditions at its discretion)  as well as other customary conditions precedent.5 The tender commitments will lapse in the event of a competing offer made at a price higher than SAS’ tender offer and cleared (déclarée conforme) by the AMF  unless SAS decides to improve upon the terms of the competing offer under the conditions set forth in the AMF General Regulation.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328244396/en/,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.22,0.49,True,English,"['SAS Shipping Agencies Services Sàrl', 'Sale Agreement', 'Share Capital', 'Signing', 'Acquisition', 'Clasquin', 'SAS Shipping Agencies Services Sàrl', 'MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA', 'other key management team members', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'relevant employee representative bodies', 'Combined Annual General Meeting', 'other customary conditions precedent', 'Art Shipping International', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'sea freight forwarding', 'entire overseas transport', 'Enternext© PEA-PME 150 index', 'Other conditions precedent', 'ad hoc committee', 'overseas logistics specialist', 'material adverse events', 'competent regulatory authorities', 'Q1 2024 business report', 'Q2 2024 business report', 'Q3 2024 business report', 'Bloomberg ALCLA FP', '3,475,523 theoretical voting rights', 'AMF General Regulation', 'share savings plan', 'SAS’ tender offer', 'Clasquin press release', 'The Clasquin Group', 'other jurisdictions', 'annual sales', 'Economic Committee', 'UPCOMING EVENTS', 'The Group', 'logistics chain', 'tender commitments', 'press releases', 'Regulatory News', 'regulatory approvals', 'regulatory condition', 'consultation procedures', 'Yves REVOL', 'year end', 'draft offer', 'independent expert', 'LCI-Clasquin Cargolution', 'Transports Petit', 'market closure', 'H1 2024 results', 'client shipments', 'North America', 'North Africa', 'sub-Saharan Africa', 'EURONEXT GROWTH', 'Reuters ALCLA', 'medium-sized companies', 'Article D.', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'decree number', 'Article L.', 'balance sheet', 'downward revision', 'European Union', 'foreign investments', 'mutual agreement', 'third-party consent', 'important matters', 'competing offer', 'source version', 'remaining shares', 'favourable opinion', 'substantiated opinion', 'sale agreement', 'financial terms', 'Clasquin Social', 'same price', 'independent directors', 'share capital', 'Clasquin shares', 'Clasquin Board', '21 March', '4 March', 'completion', 'information', 'Paris', 'OLYMP', 'subsidiary', 'acquisition', 'reminder', 'transaction', 'clearances', 'aggregate', 'name', 'appointment', 'recommendation', 'majority', 'teams', 'brands', 'Timar', 'CVL', 'Exaciel', 'publication', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'June', 'July', 'Tuesday', 'September', 'October', 'air', 'flow', 'France', 'rest', 'world', 'Asia-Pacific', 'eligibility', 'MSCs', 'accordance', '5,000 employees', 'less', 'LEI', '9695004FF6FA43KC4764', 'total', 'block', 'leakage', 'distribution', 'control', 'consolidations', 'benefit', 'parties', 'absence', 'buyer', 'discretion', 'businesswire']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38456,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WENDEL-4671/news/Wendel-Availability-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46313396/,Wendel: Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document -March 28  2024 at 01:01 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Availability of the 2023Universal Registration Document  2023 Universal Registration Document  Wendel’s Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2023  was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority on Thursda…,Availability of the 2023Universal Registration Document2023 Universal Registration DocumentWendel’s Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2023  was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on Thursday  March 28  2024. It is available to the public  in French  pursuant to the regulations in force.It includes:the 2023 annual financial report the Supervisory Board’s report on corporate governance the Statutory Auditors’ reports information regarding the fees paid in 2023 to the Statutory Auditors required information regarding the share buyback program the social  societal and environmental information constituting the statement of extra-financial performance.This document may be viewed under “Regulated information” and “Shareholders’ Meetings” in the “Investors” section of Wendel’s website (www.wendelgroup.com/en) as well as on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). It will also be available at the Company's head office  located at 2-4  rue Paul-Cézanne  75008 Paris – France.An English version of the Universal Registration Document will be available on Wendel’s website no later thanApril 8  2024.Shareholders’ Meeting as of May 16  2024Wendel informs its shareholders that the Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Thursday May 16  2024  at 3 p.m. (Paris time) at the Auditorium Cézanne Saint-Honoré  located at 2-4  rue Paul-Cézanne  75008 Paris.AgendaThursday April 25  2024Q1 2024 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of March 31  2024 (post-market release)Thursday May 16  2024Annual General MeetingWednesday July 31  2024H1 2024 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2024  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)Thursday October 24  2024Q3 2024 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2024 (post-market release)Thursday December 5  20242024 Investor DayAbout WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as ACAMS  Bureau Veritas  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Scalian  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies. In 2023  Wendel initiated a strategic shift into third-party asset management of private assets  alongside its historical principal investment activities.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of “Grand Mécène de la Culture” in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroupPress contacts Analyst and investor contacts Christine Anglade Pirzadeh: + 33 1 42 85 63 24 Olivier Allot: +33 1 42 85 63 73 c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.com Caroline Decaux: +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch: +33 1 42 85 63 72 c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.com Primatice Olivier Labesse: +33 6 79 11 49 71 olivierlabesse@primatice.com Hugues Schmitt: +33 6 71 99 74 58 huguesschmitt@primatice.com Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty: +1 212 521 4854 todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Wendel', 'Availability', 'March', '01:01', 'historical principal investment activities', 'Grand Mécène', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'leading listed investment firms', 'Auditorium Cézanne Saint-Honoré', 'Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'rue Paul-Cézanne', 'share buyback program', 'Q1 2024 Trading update', 'Q3 2024 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'leading market positions', 'third-party asset management', 'Christine Anglade Pirzadeh', '2023 annual financial report', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'long-term development strategies', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Statutory Auditors’ reports', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'Primatice Olivier Labesse', 'market release', 'long-term patronage', 'Olivier Allot', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Supervisory Board', 'corporate governance', 'social, societal', 'extra-financial performance', 'Investors” section', 'head office', 'English version', 'H1 2024 results', '2024 Investor Day', 'The Group', 'North America', 'Bureau Veritas', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'significant shareholder', 'strategic shift', 'private assets', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'Press contacts', 'investor contacts', 'Caroline Decaux', 'Lucile Roch', 'Hugues Schmitt', 'portfolio companies', 'required information', 'environmental information', 'Regulated information', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thursday May', 'Thursday April', 'Wendel Growth', '75008 Paris', 'Availability', 'December', 'AMF', 'March', 'public', 'regulations', 'force', 'fees', 'website', 'wendelgroup', 'org', 'Company', '2-4', 'France', 'Agenda', 'NAV', 'Wednesday', 'June', 'September', 'Europe', 'leaders', 'field', 'ACAMS', 'Scalian', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition', 'arts', 'distinction', 'Culture', 'Twitter', 'Analyst', 'olivierlabesse', 'huguesschmitt', 'kekstcnc', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38457,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENI-S-P-A-413403/news/Stock-markets-up-slightly-Eurozone-macro-awaited-46307617/,Stock markets up slightly; Eurozone macro awaited,(marketscreener.com) On Thursday  major European stock markets confirmed expectations and opened in positive territory as a slew of results are released in Milan and as much macro data in Europe. Thus  the FTSE Mib opens in the green 0.1 percent to 34 794.00 …,(Alliance News) - On Thursday  major European stock markets confirmed expectations and opened in positive territory as a slew of results are released in Milan and as much macro data in Europe.Thus  the FTSE Mib opens in the green 0.1 percent to 34 794.00  the Mid-Cap is in the red 0.1 percent to 48 180.14  the Small-Cap gives up 0.4 percent to 28 349.71  as does Italy Growth at 8 055.23.In Europe  Paris' CAC 40 is in green by 0.3 percent  as is London's FTSE 100  while Frankfurt's DAX 40 is in fractional red.In macroeconomic news  data from the Office for National Statistics confirmed Thursday that the UK has entered a technical recession in the fourth quarter of 2023.UK Gross Domestic Product slumped 0.3 percent in the three months to December from the previous quarter  unchanged from initial data provided by the ONS in February.In Germany  retail sales fell 1.9% month-on-month in February  missing market estimates of 0.3% growth and accelerating from January's marginally revised 0.3% decline.The data were released Thursday by the Federal Statistical Office.On the Mib  Saipem  in the green by 2.2 percent  does better than all  while going to the bottom the other oil Tenaris  down 1.1 percent at the start.Also in the sector  Eni picks up 0.2 percent. Ithaca Energy said Wednesday it was in talks to combine Eni's UK operations in a deal that would see the Italian oil major acquire a near 40 percent stake in the North Sea operator in exchange.Intesa Sanpaolo--up 0.5 percent--reported Wednesday that it and a pool of international banks had taken part in USD315 million in financing for Mytilineos to build four solar parks in Chile.Mytilineos is a Greek company involved in the construction and development of renewable energy projects.Campari rises 0.4 percent after announcing that EUR550 million 2.375 percent senior unsecured convertible bonds maturing in 2029 have been admitted to trading at Euronext Access Milan  the multilateral trading system operated by Borsa Italiana.On the cadet segment  Fincantieri -- in the green by 1.2 percent -- and the Indonesian Ministry of Defense announced Thursday that they had signed a contract  as part of the collaborative relationship initiated by the Italian Ministry of Defense  for the supply of two PPA units  worth EUR1.18 billion.RCS MediaGroup gives up 0.3 percent after it reported Wednesday that it closed fiscal year 2023 with a net profit of EUR57.0 million from EUR50.1 million in the previous year and proposed the distribution of a dividend of EUR0.07 per share from EUR0.06 in the previous year.Revenues amounted to EUR828.0 million from EUR845.0 million in 2022.Among smallcaps  EuroGroup Laminations is flat at EUR3.75 per share after reporting Thursday that it ended 2023 with a net income of EUR38.6 million  which compares with EUR43.8 million in the previous year.In 2023  revenues were EUR835.9 million  down slightly by 1.8 percent from 2022  when they were EUR851.1 million. The result was driven by solid growth in the EV & Automotive segment  which almost completely offset the contraction in the Industrial segment.It Way - not yet affected by the exchanges - let it be known that Roberto Castelli  former founder of Bcloud and Strategic Consultant at Itway since February 2023  will take over as commercial director of the company in March 2024 to support the commercial structure of the Cybersecurity & Resiliency Business Unit.Exprivia gives up 7.2 percent after letting it be known that the board of directors has approved the plan to merge Exprivia into Abaco3.Among SMEs  Valica--not yet affected by trading--reported that shareholders have delegated the company's board to carry out a maximum EUR7.0 million capital increase.Neosperience - in the green by 1.7 percent - reported Thursday that its subsidiary Value China has been awarded the Commercial Authorization Certificate by Xiaohongshu - Little Red Book - and organized the first European seminar dedicated to Western companies to launch the Chinese social commerce platform  which has become a spokesman for Italian excellence in China.EdiliziAcrobatica gives up 8.6 percent after announcing Thursday that it reported a net profit of EUR6.1 million in 2023 from EUR14.5 million as of Dec. 31  2022.The company let it know that it has proposed to distribute a dividend of EUR0.15 per share from EUR0.80.Consolidated revenues for the period stood at EUR158.8 million  up 18 percent from EUR134.5 million.In Asia  the Nikkei closed Thursday down 1.5 percent to 40 168.07  the Shanghai Composite gained 0.6 percent to 3 010.66 and the Hang Seng was up 0.9 percent to 16 541.42.In New York  the Dow closed Wednesday up 1.2 percent to 39 760.08  the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent to 16 399.52 while the S&P 500 gained 0.9 percent to 5 248.49.Among currencies  the euro changed hands at USD1.0793 against USD1.0822 recorded at Wednesday's European stock close while the pound was worth USD1.2609 from USD1.2627 last night.Among commodities  Brent crude is worth USD85.80 per barrel versus USD86.08 per barrel at Wednesday's close. Gold  meanwhile  trades at USD2 215.05 an ounce from USD2 191.90 an ounce last night.Thursday's macroeconomic calendar includes at 0955 CET  Germany's unemployment rate  followed five minutes later by Italian business and consumer confidence  as well as the Eurozone money supply figure.Still from Italy  at 1100 CET coming in is the non-EU trade balance and producer price index.From the US  at 1330 CET  GDP and weekly unemployment claims.At 1800 CET  coming in is the Baker Hughes drilling rig data. In the evening  at 2130 CET  the weekly balance sheet and reserves at the Federal Reserve.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.16,0.81,0.03,negative,0.02,0.33,0.65,True,English,"['Stock markets', 'Eurozone', 'EUR550 million 2.375 percent senior unsecured convertible bonds', 'maximum EUR7.0 million capital increase', 'Chinese social commerce platform', 'UK Gross Domestic Product', 'major European stock markets', 'other oil Tenaris', 'North Sea operator', 'four solar parks', 'multilateral trading system', 'two PPA units', 'Resiliency Business Unit', 'first European seminar', 'Italian oil major', 'renewable energy projects', 'Commercial Authorization Certificate', 'Little Red Book', 'Federal Statistical Office', 'Euronext Access Milan', 'subsidiary Value China', 'near 40 percent stake', 'Ithaca Energy', 'fractional red', 'UK operations', 'Italian Ministry', 'commercial director', 'commercial structure', 'Italian excellence', 'Alliance News', 'positive territory', 'red 0.1 percent', ""Paris' CAC"", 'macroeconomic news', 'National Statistics', 'technical recession', 'fourth quarter', 'three months', 'previous quarter', 'retail sales', 'market estimates', 'Intesa Sanpaolo', 'international banks', 'Borsa Italiana', 'cadet segment', 'Indonesian Ministry', 'collaborative relationship', 'RCS MediaGroup', 'fiscal year', 'net profit', 'previous year', 'EuroGroup Laminations', 'net income', 'Automotive segment', 'Industrial segment', 'It Way', 'Roberto Castelli', 'former founder', 'Strategic Consultant', 'Western companies', 'Shanghai Composite', 'Hang Seng', 'New York', 'S&P 500', 'Brent crude', 'Italy Growth', 'solid growth', 'macro data', 'initial data', 'Consolidated revenues', 'Greek company', 'FTSE Mib', 'green 0.1 percent', '0.4 percent', '0.3 percent', '0.3% growth', '2.2 percent', '1.2 percent', '1.8 percent', '7.2 percent', '1.7 percent', '8.6 percent', '0.6 percent', '0.9 percent', 'Thursday', 'expectations', 'slew', 'results', 'Mid-Cap', 'Small-Cap', 'London', 'Frankfurt', 'DAX', 'December', 'February', 'Germany', 'January', '0.3% decline', 'Saipem', 'bottom', 'start', 'sector', 'talks', 'deal', 'exchange', 'pool', 'part', 'financing', 'Mytilineos', 'Chile', 'construction', 'development', 'Campari', 'Fincantieri', 'Defense', 'contract', 'supply', 'distribution', 'dividend', 'share', 'smallcaps', 'Bcloud', 'Itway', 'March', 'Cybersecurity', 'Exprivia', 'board', 'directors', 'plan', 'Abaco', 'SMEs', 'Valica', 'Neosperience', 'Xiaohongshu', 'spokesman', 'EdiliziAcrobatica', 'Dec.', 'period', 'Asia', 'Nikkei', 'Dow', 'Nasdaq', 'currencies', 'hands', 'Wednesday', 'pound', 'commodities', 'barrel']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38458,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXCLUSIVE-NETWORKS-S-A-127080818/news/Exclusive-Networks-Announces-a-Major-Step-in-Its-Growth-Strategy-in-APAC-with-NEXTGEN-Group-Acquisit-46305948/,Exclusive Networks Announces a Major Step in Its Growth Strategy in APAC with NEXTGEN Group Acquisition,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Exclusive Networks   a global leader in cybersecurity  announced the signature of a binding agreement for the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of NEXTGEN Group   a leading hyper-growth channel services company …,Regulatory News:Exclusive Networks (Euronext Paris: EXN)  a global leader in cybersecurity  announced the signature of a binding agreement for the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of NEXTGEN Group (“NEXTGEN”)  a leading hyper-growth channel services company focused on cybersecurity  data resiliency and digital enterprise in Australia and New Zealand with presence across APAC.Headquartered in Sydney  Australia  NEXTGEN was founded in 2011 and has 190 employees across APAC. In FY-23  ending June 30th  2023  NEXTGEN generated Gross Sales of AU$266m (€160 m)  with expected double-digit growth for the years to come.This operation fits perfectly with Exclusive Networks’ external growth strategy.NEXTGEN presents a promising hyper growth vendor portfolio  coupled with a wide array of services. This value-enhancing transaction will make Exclusive Networks a clear go to market leader in Australia and New Zealand generating commercial and financial synergies thanks to the complementarity nature of the two companies.The combination of NEXTGEN and Exclusive Networks will offer unique end-to-end value-added channel management services  supported by real-time data analytics and AI-backed insights  benefiting the entire APAC region and providing Exclusive Networks with the ability to roll-out digital channel services at a global scale.NEXTGEN’s strong expertise in cloud migration assessment  digital marketing and lead generation solutions will expand Exclusive Networks’ value proposition by leveraging NEXTGEN's in-house state-of-the-art platforms and developed initiatives with hyperscalers  laying the foundations for the next phase of growth.Following the acquisition  Exclusive Networks’ presence in Australia and New Zealand will be more than doubled and  based on FY pro-forma figures as of Dec 31  2023  the combined entity would have represented gross sales of around €615m in APAC  a region with attractive growth prospects and a total addressable market estimated at $10 bn in 20231.The closing of the transaction is subject to customary conditions precedent and is expected to be finalized during the second quarter of 2024.Jesper Trolle  CEO of Exclusive Networks  commented:“This acquisition is a major step forward in our growth strategy in APAC  it significantly strengthens our business and allows us to expand and develop further our value proposition. We are very pleased to welcome John Walters and NEXTGEN’s highly talented teams to the Group and look forward to working with them. Together  we will aim to create a regional leader and break new ground. The combination of resources and experience will help accelerate our growth and competitiveness in this very dynamic market and beyond.”John Walters  Founder and CEO of NEXTGEN Group added:“To capture the next phase of NEXTGEN Group’s exciting growth  we had to find the right global partner that brings the appropriate investment into our model and aligns with our culture. Exclusive Networks  led by Jesper  aligns strongly with our shared ambitions and values  including a passion for innovation and an entrepreneurial spirit.After 13 years of building a business from start-up  it is with great confidence and enthusiasm that we begin this new phase with Exclusive Networks. This step marks the start of an exciting new chapter in which our growth will be accelerated by the resources and expertise of a global cybersecurity leader.”About Exclusive NetworksExclusive Networks (EXN) is a global cybersecurity specialist that provides partners and end-customers with a wide range of services and product portfolios via proven routes to market. With offices in over 45 countries and the ability to serve customers in over 170 countries  we combine a local perspective with the scale and delivery of a single global organization.Our best-in-class vendor portfolio is carefully curated with all leading industry players. Our services range from managed security to specialist technical accreditation and training and capitalize on rapidly evolving technologies and changing business models. For more information visit www.exclusive-networks.com.About NEXTGEN GroupThrough a unique  next-generation business model  NEXTGEN Group helps drive growth for technology vendors  reseller partners  and end-customers. We specialise in offering a carefully curated and complementary portfolio of leading enterprise software and value-added cloud solutions.Our collaborative approach makes it easy for technology partners to do business with scaling startups through to globally recognised blue-chip vendors offering innovative and evolving product solutions and services.1 Company data.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240327518558/en/,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['NEXTGEN Group Acquisition', 'Exclusive Networks', 'Major Step', 'Growth Strategy', 'APAC', 'promising hyper growth vendor portfolio', 'end value-added channel management services', 'leading hyper-growth channel services company', 'Exclusive Networks’ external growth strategy', 'unique, next-generation business model', 'Exclusive Networks’ value proposition', 'class vendor portfolio', 'value-added cloud solutions', 'leading industry players', 'leading enterprise software', 'digital channel services', 'cloud migration assessment', 'lead generation solutions', 'FY pro-forma figures', 'customary conditions precedent', 'specialist technical accreditation', 'right global partner', 'single global organization', 'real-time data analytics', 'attractive growth prospects', 'total addressable market', 'evolving product solutions', 'exciting new chapter', 'global cybersecurity specialist', 'Exclusive Networks’ presence', 'global cybersecurity leader', 'unique end', 'entire APAC region', '1 Company data', 'complementary portfolio', 'global leader', 'digital enterprise', 'exciting growth', 'product portfolios', 'evolving technologies', 'data resiliency', 'digital marketing', 'double-digit growth', 'market leader', 'regional leader', 'New Zealand', 'global scale', 'new ground', 'new phase', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'binding agreement', 'share capital', 'Gross Sales', 'wide array', 'clear go', 'financial synergies', 'complementarity nature', 'two companies', 'AI-backed insights', 'house state', 'art platforms', 'next phase', 'second quarter', 'John Walters', 'talented teams', 'dynamic market', 'appropriate investment', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'great confidence', 'wide range', 'proven routes', 'local perspective', 'managed security', 'technology vendors', 'collaborative approach', 'blue-chip vendors', 'source version', 'business models', 'reseller partners', 'technology partners', 'value-enhancing transaction', 'strong expertise', 'Jesper Trolle', 'major step', 'NEXTGEN Group', 'EXN', 'signature', 'acquisition', 'Australia', 'Sydney', '190 employees', 'June', 'years', 'operation', 'commercial', 'combination', 'ability', 'initiatives', 'hyperscalers', 'foundations', 'Dec', 'entity', 'closing', 'CEO', 'resources', 'experience', 'competitiveness', 'Founder', 'culture', 'ambitions', 'values', 'passion', 'innovation', 'start-up', 'enthusiasm', 'end-customers', 'offices', '45 countries', '170 countries', 'delivery', 'training', 'changing', 'information', 'exclusive-networks', 'startups', 'innovative', 'businesswire']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38459,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2853719/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5168 £ 24.6136 Estimated MTD return -0.31 % -0.22 % Estimated YTD return -0.11 % 0.18 % Estimated ITD return 175.17 % 146.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.24 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.65 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.5617 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.0014The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38460,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854389/0/en/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Transaction-in-Own-Shares.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED March 2024 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1  The Company announces that pursuant to the general......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDMarch 2024 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in March 2024.Figure of the share buy back programme for March 2024Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in March 2024 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 299 516Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 123 090 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 422 60628 March 2024For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'Transaction', 'March 2024 Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Euro share', 'GBP share', 'general authority', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38461,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854387/0/en/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Transaction-in-Own-Shares.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED March 2024 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1  The Company announces that pursuant to the general......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDMarch 2024 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in March 2024.Figure of the share buy back programme for March 2024Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in March 2024 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 299 516Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 123 090 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 422 60628 March 2024For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'Transaction', 'March 2024 Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Euro share', 'GBP share', 'general authority', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38462,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/asml-cautions-investors-regarding-tutanota-llcs-minitender-offer-93CH-3357464,ASML cautions investors regarding Tutanota LLC's mini-tender offer By Investing.com,ASML cautions investors regarding Tutanota LLC's mini-tender offer,ASML cautions investors regarding Tutanota LLC's mini-tender offerVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 28  2024 “ ASML Holding NV (AS: ) today announced that it recently became aware of an unsolicited mini-tender offer by Tutanota LLC to purchase up to 250 000 (two hundred and fifty thousand) of ASML's ordinary shares  nominal value €0.09 per share  representing significantly less than 0.1% of ASML's ordinary shares  at an offer price of $1 075 net per share.ASML is not associated in any way with Tutanota or its mini-tender offer and recommends that shareholders reject this unsolicited mini-tender offer. Any shareholder considering tendering to the offer should exercise caution  carefully review the Tutanota offer documents  obtain current market quotations for their shares and consult with their broker or financial adviser.ASML recommends that shareholders do not tender their shares in response to Tutanota's offer because Tutanota's offer is conditioned on  among other things  the closing price per share of ASML's ordinary shares exceeding the offer price on the last trading day before the offer expires and is subject to numerous additional conditions  including Tutanota obtaining financing for the offer. Tutanota also states in its offer documents that it expects to extend the offer for successive periods of up to 180 days until the market price of ASML's ordinary shares exceeds the offer price. This means that ASML shareholders who tender their shares in the offer would receive a below-market price for their shares if the offer conditions are satisfied and shares are purchased in the offer.According to Tutanota's offer documents  shareholders who have already tendered their shares may withdraw them by following the procedures described in the offer documents. ASML recommends shareholders who have already tendered their shares to consider withdrawing their tendered shares.Tutanota has made similar unsolicited mini-tender offers for stock of other public companies. Mini-tender offers seek to acquire less than five percent of a company's outstanding shares  thereby avoiding many disclosure and procedural requirements of the SEC that would otherwise apply. As a result  mini-tender offers do not provide investors with the same level of protections as provided by larger tender offers under U.S. securities laws. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has cautioned investors about these offers  issuing the guidance available at https://www.sec.gov/reportspubs/investor-publications/investorpubsminitend. ASML also strongly encourages brokers  dealers and other market participants to exercise caution and to review the SEC's letter regarding broker-dealer mini-tender offer dissemination and disclosure at https://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/minitenders/sia072401.htm.ASML warns investors that the offer does not comply with  and does not offer the protections of  the public offer regulations of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act. Tutanota's offer documents have not been approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets  the AFM.ASML requests that a copy of this news release be included with all distributions of materials related to Tutanota's mini-tender offer for ASML's ordinary shares.ASML historical financial information can be found on https://www.asml.com/en/investors.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across EMEA  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML's more than 42 400 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML “ our products  technology and career opportunities “ at www.asml.com.AttachmentLink to Press ReleaseSource: ASML Netherlands BV,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Tutanota LLC', 'mini-tender offer', 'Investing.com', 'ASML', 'investors', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. securities laws', 'The U.S. Securities', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'ASML historical financial information', 'broker-dealer mini-tender offer dissemination', 'similar unsolicited mini-tender offers', 'last trading day', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'other public companies', 'current market quotations', 'numerous additional conditions', 'Press Release Source', 'larger tender offers', 'other market participants', 'public offer regulations', 'ASML Holding NV', 'ASML Netherlands BV', 'Dutch Authority', 'Tutanota offer documents', 'financial adviser', 'other things', 'market price', 'news release', 'offer conditions', 'nominal value', 'closing price', 'successive periods', 'five percent', 'procedural requirements', 'same level', 'Exchange Commission', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'offer price', 'many disclosure', 'ordinary shares', 'outstanding shares', 'sec.gov', 'Tutanota LLC', 'groundbreaking technology', 'multinational company', 'ASML shareholders', 'investors', 'VELDHOVEN', 'less', 'way', 'caution', 'response', 'financing', '180 days', 'procedures', 'stock', 'result', 'protections', 'guidance', 'reportspubs', 'investor-publications', 'investorpubsminitend', 'brokers', 'dealers', 'letter', 'divisions', 'marketreg', 'minitenders', 'AFM', 'copy', 'distributions', 'materials', 'ASMLASML', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'EMEA', 'Asia', '42,400 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment', 'Link']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investing.com
38463,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854453/0/en/ASML-cautions-investors-regarding-Tutanota-LLC-s-mini-tender-offer.html,ASML cautions investors regarding Tutanota LLC’s “mini-tender” offer,ASML cautions investors regarding Tutanota LLC’s “mini-tender” offer      VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 28  2024 – ASML Holding NV (ASML) today......,ASML cautions investors regarding Tutanota LLC’s “mini-tender” offerVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 28  2024 – ASML Holding NV (ASML) today announced that it recently became aware of an unsolicited “mini-tender” offer by Tutanota LLC to purchase up to 250 000 (two hundred and fifty thousand) of ASML’s ordinary shares  nominal value €0.09 per share  representing significantly less than 0.1% of ASML’s ordinary shares  at an offer price of $1 075 net per share.ASML is not associated in any way with Tutanota or its mini-tender offer and recommends that shareholders reject this unsolicited mini-tender offer. Any shareholder considering tendering to the offer should exercise caution  carefully review the Tutanota offer documents  obtain current market quotations for their shares and consult with their broker or financial adviser.ASML recommends that shareholders do not tender their shares in response to Tutanota’s offer because Tutanota’s offer is conditioned on  among other things  the closing price per share of ASML’s ordinary shares exceeding the offer price on the last trading day before the offer expires and is subject to numerous additional conditions  including Tutanota obtaining financing for the offer. Tutanota also states in its offer documents that it expects to extend the offer for successive periods of up to 180 days until the market price of ASML’s ordinary shares exceeds the offer price. This means that ASML shareholders who tender their shares in the offer would receive a below-market price for their shares if the offer conditions are satisfied and shares are purchased in the offer.According to Tutanota’s offer documents  shareholders who have already tendered their shares may withdraw them by following the procedures described in the offer documents. ASML recommends shareholders who have already tendered their shares to consider withdrawing their tendered shares.Tutanota has made similar unsolicited mini-tender offers for stock of other public companies. Mini-tender offers seek to acquire less than five percent of a company’s outstanding shares  thereby avoiding many disclosure and procedural requirements of the SEC that would otherwise apply. As a result  mini-tender offers do not provide investors with the same level of protections as provided by larger tender offers under U.S. securities laws. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) has cautioned investors about these offers  issuing the guidance available at https://www.sec.gov/reportspubs/investor-publications/investorpubsminitend. ASML also strongly encourages brokers  dealers and other market participants to exercise caution and to review the SEC’s letter regarding broker-dealer mini-tender offer dissemination and disclosure at https://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/minitenders/sia072401.htm.ASML warns investors that the offer does not comply with  and does not offer the protections of  the public offer regulations of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act. Tutanota's offer documents have not been approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets  the AFM.ASML requests that a copy of this news release be included with all distributions of materials related to Tutanota’s mini-tender offer for ASML’s ordinary shares.ASML historical financial information can be found on https://www.asml.com/en/investors.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across EMEA  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 42 400 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['Tutanota LLC', 'mini-tender” offer', 'ASML', 'investors', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. securities laws', 'The U.S. Securities', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'ASML historical financial information', 'similar unsolicited mini-tender offers', 'broker-dealer mini-tender offer dissemination', 'last trading day', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'other public companies', 'current market quotations', 'numerous additional conditions', 'larger tender offers', 'other market participants', 'public offer regulations', 'ASML Holding NV', 'Dutch Authority', 'Tutanota offer documents', 'financial adviser', 'other things', 'market price', 'mini-tender” offer', 'offer conditions', 'nominal value', 'closing price', 'successive periods', 'five percent', 'procedural requirements', 'same level', 'Exchange Commission', 'news release', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'offer price', 'many disclosure', 'ordinary shares', 'outstanding shares', 'sec.gov', 'Tutanota LLC', 'groundbreaking technology', 'multinational company', 'ASML shareholders', 'investors', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'way', 'caution', 'response', 'financing', '180 days', 'below', 'procedures', 'stock', 'less', 'result', 'protections', 'guidance', 'reportspubs', 'investor-publications', 'investorpubsminitend', 'brokers', 'dealers', 'letter', 'divisions', 'marketreg/minitenders', 'AFM', 'copy', 'distributions', 'materials', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'EMEA', 'Asia', '42,400 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38464,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLASQUIN-32716/news/CLASQUIN-2024Press-release-28032024-46313580/,CLASQUIN : 2024_Press release – 28032024 -March 28  2024 at 01:15 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Lyon  28 March 2024    Signing of the sale agreement for the acquisition of 42.06% of the share capital of Clasquin by SAS Shipping Agencies Services Sàrl    Following the press releases dated 4 December 2023 and 21 March 20241 …,"Lyon  28 March 2024 (after market closure)Signing of the sale agreement for the acquisition of 42.06% of the share capital of Clasquin by SAS Shipping Agencies Services Sàrl (""SAS"")Following the press releases dated 4 December 2023 and 21 March 20241 and after completion of the information and consultation procedures with the relevant employee representative bodies of Clasquin  which issued a favourable opinion  Yves REVOL  OLYMP and SAS Shipping Agencies Services Sàrl (""SAS"")  a subsidiary of MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA  have signed a sale agreement for the acquisition of 42.06%2 of the share capital of Clasquin by SAS  at a price of EUR 142.03 per share3.As a reminder:▪ Completion of the transaction  which will be subject to obtaining clearances from the competent regulatory authorities4 is expected to happen by year end;▪ Upon completion of the transaction  SAS will file a tender offer with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) for the remaining shares in the capital of Clasquin  at the same price of EUR 142.03 per share. This draft offer will be submitted to the AMF for approval;▪ The transaction is supported by the Chief Executive Officer of Clasquin and other key management team members  who have committed to tender all of their Clasquin shares into SAS' tender offer  representing in aggregate c.8.5% of the share capital5.▪ The name of the independent expert tasked with preparing a report on the financial terms of the offer will be communicated immediately after its appointment by the Clasquin Board of Directors  on the recommendation of the ad hoc committee comprising a majority of independent directors. Clasquin's Board of Directors will meet again to issue a substantiated opinion on the offer  after having reviewed the independent expert's report  the ad hoc committee's recommendation and the opinion of the Clasquin Social and Economic Committee (see Clasquin press release dated 21 March 2024).The Clasquin Group would continue to operate together with its teams and under the Group's brands (Clasquin  Timar  LCI-Clasquin Cargolution  CVL  Exaciel  Art Shipping International and Transports Petit in particular).1 See Clasquin's press releases dated 4 December 2023 and 21 March 2024.2 Currently representing 55.93% of the voting rights based on a total of 3 475 523 theoretical voting rights.3 The price of the block will be subject to downward revision in the event of leakage (including distribution)  in particular before completion of the sale of the block. 4 The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals for the control of consolidations within the European Union and certain other jurisdictions  as well as the control of foreign investments in France; this regulatory condition is for the benefit of all parties and can only be waived by mutual agreement. Other conditions precedent have been stipulated  including the absence of material adverse events and obtaining third-party consent on important matters (both conditions being for the benefit of the buyer  who may waive said conditions at its discretion)  as well as other customary conditions precedent.5 The tender commitments will lapse in the event of a competing offer made at a price higher than SAS' tender offer and cleared (déclarée conforme) by the AMF  unless SAS decides to improve upon the terms of the competing offer under the conditions set forth in the AMF General Regulation.UPCOMING EVENTS (publication after market closure)CLASQUIN CONTACTSPhilippe LONS - Deputy Managing Director/Group CFO▪ Thursday 25 April 2024 Q1 2024 business report Domitille CHATELAIN - Group Head of Communication & Marketing ▪ Wednesday 5 June 2024 Combined Annual General Meeting ▪ Thursday 25 July 2024 Q2 2024 business report CLASQUIN Group - 235 cours Lafayette - 69006 Lyon ▪ Tuesday 17 September 2024 H1 2024 results Tel.: +33 (0)4 72 83 17 00 ▪ Tuesday 29 October 2024 Q3 2024 business reportCLASQUIN is an air and sea freight forwarding and overseas logistics specialist. The Group designs and manages the entire overseas transport and logistics chain  organising and coordinating the flow of client shipments between France and the rest of the world and  more specifically  to and fromAsia-Pacific  North America  North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa.Its shares are listed on EURONEXT GROWTH  ISIN FR0004152882  Reuters ALCLA.PA  Bloomberg ALCLA FP. Read more atwww.clasquin.com.CLASQUIN confirms its eligibility for the share savings plan for MSCs (medium-sized companies) in accordance with Article D. 221-113-5 of the French Monetary and Financial Code established by decree number 2014-283 of 4 March 2014 and with Article L. 221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  which set the conditions for eligibility (less than 5 000 employees and annual sales of less than €1 500m or balance sheet total of less than €2 000m).CLASQUIN is listed on the Enternext© PEA-PME 150 index.LEI: 9695004FF6FA43KC4764",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.4,0.59,True,English,"['CLASQUIN', 'March', '01:15', 'SAS Shipping Agencies Services Sàrl', 'MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA', 'other key management team members', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'relevant employee representative bodies', 'Deputy Managing Director/Group CFO', 'Combined Annual General Meeting', 'other customary conditions precedent', 'Art Shipping International', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'sea freight forwarding', 'entire overseas transport', 'Enternext© PEA-PME 150 index', 'Other conditions precedent', 'ad hoc committee', 'material adverse events', 'overseas logistics specialist', 'Bloomberg ALCLA FP', 'competent regulatory authorities', 'Q1 2024 business report', 'Q2 2024 business report', 'Q3 2024 business report', '3,475,523 theoretical voting rights', 'AMF General Regulation', 'share savings plan', ""SAS' tender offer"", 'Clasquin press release', 'The Clasquin Group', 'other jurisdictions', 'annual sales', 'Economic Committee', 'tender commitments', 'UPCOMING EVENTS', 'The Group', 'logistics chain', 'Reuters ALCLA', 'press releases', 'regulatory approvals', 'regulatory condition', 'market closure', 'consultation procedures', 'Yves REVOL', 'year end', 'draft offer', 'independent expert', 'LCI-Clasquin Cargolution', 'Transports Petit', 'downward revision', 'European Union', 'foreign investments', 'mutual agreement', 'third-party consent', 'important matters', 'competing offer', 'Philippe LONS', 'Domitille CHATELAIN', 'Group Head', 'Wednesday 5 June', '235 cours Lafayette', 'H1 2024 results', 'client shipments', 'North America', 'North Africa', 'sub-Saharan Africa', 'EURONEXT GROWTH', 'medium-sized companies', 'Article D.', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'decree number', 'Article L.', 'balance sheet', 'sale agreement', 'favourable opinion', 'remaining shares', 'substantiated opinion', 'share capital', 'financial terms', 'Thursday 25 April', 'Tuesday 29 October', 'Clasquin Social', 'CLASQUIN CONTACTS', 'independent directors', 'same price', 'Clasquin shares', 'Clasquin Board', '28 March', '21 March', '4 March', 'Lyon', 'Signing', 'acquisition', 'completion', 'information', 'OLYMP', 'subsidiary', 'reminder', 'transaction', 'clearances', 'aggregate', 'name', 'appointment', 'recommendation', 'majority', 'teams', 'brands', 'Timar', 'CVL', 'Exaciel', 'December', 'total', 'block', 'leakage', 'distribution', 'control', 'consolidations', 'France', 'benefit', 'parties', 'absence', 'buyer', 'discretion', 'publication', 'Communication', 'Marketing', 'July', 'September', 'air', 'flow', 'rest', 'world', 'Asia-Pacific', 'eligibility', 'MSCs', 'accordance', '5,000 employees', 'LEI', '9695004FF6FA43KC4764', '42.06%2']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38465,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/exclusive-networks-announces-a-major-step-in-its-growth-strategy-in-apac-with-nextgen-group-acquisition-93CH-3356125,Exclusive Networks Announces a Major Step in Its Growth Strategy in APAC with NEXTGEN Group Acquisition By Investing.com,Exclusive Networks Announces a Major Step in Its Growth Strategy in APAC with NEXTGEN Group Acquisition,BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Exclusive Networks (Euronext Paris: EXN)  a global leader in cybersecurity  announced the signature of a binding agreement for the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of NEXTGEN Group (NEXTGEN)  a leading hyper-growth channel services company focused on cybersecurity  data resiliency and digital enterprise in Australia and New Zealand with presence across APAC.Headquartered in Sydney  Australia  NEXTGEN was founded in 2011 and has 190 employees across APAC. In FY-23  ending June 30th  2023  NEXTGEN generated Gross Sales of AU$266m ( €160 m)  with expected double-digit growth for the years to come.This operation fits perfectly with Exclusive Networks' external growth strategy.NEXTGEN presents a promising hyper growth vendor portfolio  coupled with a wide array of services. This value-enhancing transaction will make Exclusive Networks a clear go to market leader in Australia and New Zealand generating commercial and financial synergies thanks to the complementarity nature of the two companies.The combination of NEXTGEN and Exclusive Networks will offer unique end-to-end value-added channel management services  supported by real-time data analytics and AI-backed insights  benefiting the entire APAC region and providing Exclusive Networks with the ability to roll-out digital channel services at a global scale.NEXTGEN's strong expertise in cloud migration assessment  digital marketing and lead generation solutions will expand Exclusive Networks' value proposition by leveraging NEXTGEN's in-house state-of-the-art platforms and developed initiatives with hyperscalers  laying the foundations for the next phase of growth.Following the acquisition  Exclusive Networks' presence in Australia and New Zealand will be more than doubled and  based on FY pro-forma figures as of Dec 31  2023  the combined entity would have represented gross sales of around €615m in APAC  a region with attractive growth prospects and a total addressable market estimated at $10 bn in 20231.The closing of the transaction is subject to customary conditions precedent and is expected to be finalized during the second quarter of 2024.Jesper Trolle  CEO of Exclusive Networks  commented:This acquisition is a major step forward in our growth strategy in APAC  it significantly strengthens our business and allows us to expand and develop further our value proposition. We are very pleased to welcome John Walters and NEXTGEN's highly talented teams to the Group and look forward to working with them. Together  we will aim to create a regional leader and break new ground. The combination of resources and experience will help accelerate our growth and competitiveness in this very dynamic market and beyond.John Walters  Founder and CEO of NEXTGEN Group added:To capture the next phase of NEXTGEN Group's exciting growth  we had to find the right global partner that brings the appropriate investment into our model and aligns with our culture. Exclusive Networks  led by Jesper  aligns strongly with our shared ambitions and values  including a passion for innovation and an entrepreneurial spirit.After 13 years of building a business from start-up  it is with great confidence and enthusiasm that we begin this new phase with Exclusive Networks. This step marks the start of an exciting new chapter in which our growth will be accelerated by the resources and expertise of a global cybersecurity leader.About Exclusive NetworksExclusive Networks (EXN) is a global cybersecurity specialist that provides partners and end-customers with a wide range of services and product portfolios via proven routes to market. With offices in over 45 countries and the ability to serve customers in over 170 countries  we combine a local perspective with the scale and delivery of a single global organization.Our best-in-class vendor portfolio is carefully curated with all leading industry players. Our services range from managed security to specialist technical accreditation and training and capitalize on rapidly evolving technologies and changing business models. For more information visit www.exclusive-networks.com.About NEXTGEN GroupThrough a unique  next-generation business model  NEXTGEN Group helps drive growth for technology vendors  reseller partners  and end-customers. We specialise in offering a carefully curated and complementary portfolio of leading enterprise software and value-added cloud solutions.Our collaborative approach makes it easy for technology partners to do business with scaling startups through to globally recognised blue-chip vendors offering innovative and evolving product solutions and services.1 Company data.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240327518558/en/EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS CONTACTSInvestors & AnalystsHacene BoumendjelHead of Investor Relationsir@exclusive-networks.comMediaFTI Consulting (NYSE: )Emily Oliver / Charlotte Hewitt+33 (0)1 47 03 68 19exclusivenetworks@fticonsulting.comSource: Exclusive Networks,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['NEXTGEN Group Acquisition', 'Exclusive Networks', 'Major Step', 'Growth Strategy', 'APAC', 'Investing', 'com', 'promising hyper growth vendor portfolio', 'end value-added channel management services', 'leading hyper-growth channel services company', 'unique, next-generation business model', ""Exclusive Networks' value proposition"", 'class vendor portfolio', 'value-added cloud solutions', 'leading industry players', 'leading enterprise software', 'digital channel services', 'cloud migration assessment', 'lead generation solutions', 'FY pro-forma figures', 'customary conditions precedent', 'specialist technical accreditation', 'right global partner', 'single global organization', 'real-time data analytics', 'attractive growth prospects', 'total addressable market', 'evolving product solutions', 'exciting new chapter', 'global cybersecurity specialist', 'external growth strategy', 'EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS CONTACTS', 'global cybersecurity leader', ""Exclusive Networks' presence"", 'unique end', 'entire APAC region', '1 Company data', 'complementary portfolio', 'global leader', 'digital enterprise', 'exciting growth', 'product portfolios', 'evolving technologies', 'data resiliency', 'digital marketing', 'market leader', 'regional leader', 'New Zealand', 'global scale', 'new ground', 'new phase', 'double-digit growth', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'binding agreement', 'share capital', 'Gross Sales', 'wide array', 'financial synergies', 'complementarity nature', 'two companies', 'AI-backed insights', 'house state', 'art platforms', 'next phase', 'second quarter', 'John Walters', 'talented teams', 'dynamic market', 'appropriate investment', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'great confidence', 'wide range', 'proven routes', 'local perspective', 'managed security', 'technology vendors', 'collaborative approach', 'blue-chip vendors', 'Hacene Boumendjel', 'Investor Relations', 'FTI Consulting', 'Emily Oliver', 'Charlotte Hewitt', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business models', 'reseller partners', 'technology partners', 'value-enhancing transaction', 'strong expertise', 'Jesper Trolle', 'major step', 'source version', 'NEXTGEN Group', 'BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT', 'France', 'EXN', 'signature', 'acquisition', 'Australia', 'Sydney', '190 employees', 'June', 'years', 'operation', 'clear', 'commercial', 'combination', 'ability', 'initiatives', 'hyperscalers', 'foundations', 'Dec', 'entity', 'closing', 'CEO', 'resources', 'experience', 'competitiveness', 'Founder', 'culture', 'ambitions', 'values', 'passion', 'innovation', 'start-up', 'enthusiasm', 'end-customers', 'offices', '45 countries', '170 countries', 'delivery', 'training', 'changing', 'information', 'exclusive-networks', 'startups', 'innovative', 'businesswire', 'Investors', 'Analysts', 'Head', 'Media', 'NYSE', 'exclusivenetworks', 'fticonsulting']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investing.com
38466,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BAIKOWSKI-49690175/news/Baikowski-March-28-2023-Annual-results-46306309/,Baikowski : March 28 - 2023 Annual results -March 28  2024 at 02:46 am EDT,"(marketscreener.com) Baikowski®   a leading producer of specialty industrial minerals founded more than 100 years ago  is reporng its full-year results for 2023.   Benoît Grenot- CEO: ""The full-year results achieved by Baikowski® in 2023 highlight the out…","2023 results▪ Revenue of €36.0 million impacted by the economic slowdown▪ Net income (Group share) positive at €0.9 million  despite the significant contraction in business▪ Net financial debt effectively under control  representing 20% of shareholders' equity at December 31  2023▪ 2024: revenue growth and turnaround in profitabilityPoisy  March 28  2024 - 8:45am (CET) - Baikowski® (ALBKK - ISIN: FR0013384369)  a leading producer of specialty industrial minerals founded more than 100 years ago  is reporng its full-year results for 2023.Benoît Grenot- CEO: ""The full-year results achieved by Baikowski® in 2023 highlight the outstanding resilience of our performance levels  despite the downturn in business linked to the general economic environment compared with 2022  which was a record year. Building on the robust fundamentals in place and the connued commitment and dedicaon of our teams  while celebrang 120 years of innovaon in 2024  our Group is maintaining a favourable posion on long-term cycles and connuing to develop buoyant projects  supporng the energy transion in parcular"".2023 key developmentsIn a highly uncertain economic and geopolical environment  Baikowski®'s business was aﬀected by the slowdown in demand in its main business segments and the deferral of certain orders versus a historically high basis for comparison in 2022.In long-term markets driven by innovaon  Baikowski® connued rolling out its research and development (R&D) eﬀorts  invesng 8.1% of its revenue  with a view to diversifying its oﬀering and enhancing its potenal for future growth.Earnings resilientIn this context  Baikowski® recorded consolidated revenue of €36.0 million in 2023  reﬂecng a signiﬁcant contracon of-32.1% compared with the record year of 2022  which saw +18.1% growth. On a like-for-like scope and foreign exchange rates basis  business is down-31.6%.Despite the decrease in business  operaons are sll proﬁtable. EBITDA came to €5.1 million  down-58.9%  with €1.3 million of EBIT  represenng 3.5% of revenue (including €1.2 million for the share in income from equity-accounted companies).With a net ﬁnancial loss of-€0.5 million and +€0.1 million of tax income  the net income (Group share) came to €0.9 million.€m 2023 2022 Change Revenue 36.0 53.0 - 32.1 % EBITDA % of revenue 5.1 14.1% 12.3 23.3% - 58.9% EBIT % of revenue 1.3 3.5% 8.1 15.4% - 84.6% Net income (Group share) % of revenue 0.9 2.6% 6.5 12.3% - 85.7%Robust balance sheetShareholders' equity came to €41.9 million at December 31  2023  down-€2.4 million from end-2022. This change is linked primarily to earnings for the year (+€0.9 million)  as well as translaon diﬀerences (-€1.1 million) and the June 2023 dividend payment (-€2.2 million).The cash posion at end-2023 was posive  with €7.1 million  showing a limited decrease of-€2.2 million compared with end-2022  thanks in parcular to the resilience of the Company's cash ﬂow from operaons and the improvement in its working capital requirements.Net ﬁnancial debt at December 31  2023 totalled €8.5 million  up €3.6 million from end-2022. Despite this increase  it is sll at a reasonable level  represenng 20% of shareholders' equity  compared with 11% at December 31  2022.Posive outlookBaikowski® expects revenue growth to pick up again in 2024 compared with 2023  combined with an improvement in its proﬁtability. This outlook is supported by the electronics market recovery  the development of new applicaons (baeries  technical ceramics  polishing  etc.) and their integraon for industrial applicaons. Driven by these iniaves  Baikowski® is looking posively ahead to 2024.DividendConsidering the results achieved by Baikowski® in 2023 and the investments planned for 2024  the Board of Directors will submit a proposal at the General Shareholders' Meeng on June 5  2024 to exceponally waive the payment of a dividend for 2023. This measure aims to strengthen the Group's posion within its growth trajectory for 2024.Addional informaonThe corporate and consolidated ﬁnancial statements for 2023 were approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2023. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The cerﬁcaon report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been ﬁnalized for publishing the full-year ﬁnancial report.Next date 2023 annual ﬁnancial report on April 5  2024 before start of trading.About Baikowski®Founded in 1904  Baikowski® is a world leader for the producon of specialty industrial minerals  including ultra-pure alumina  as well as other oxides such as spinel  luminophores  zirconia and cerium oxide. These products are used in the composion of technical ceramics  precision polishing and addives. The quality of Baikowski® products enables it to address a wide range of high-tech markets  from electronics to automove  green energy  aerospace  defence  medical and watchmaking.Baikowski® has been commied to a responsible resource management policy for many years and is acvely involved in developing tomorrow's sustainable technologies. Baikowski® is present on three connents (France  USA  and Japan) and has commercial oﬃces and agents in South Korea and China.Baikowski® is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN: FR0013384369 - Ticker: ALBKK).For more informaon  visitwww.baikowski.com.Contacts",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.32,0.19,True,English,"['2023 Annual results', 'Baikowski', 'March', '02:46', 'Benoît Grenot- CEO', 'R&D) eﬀorts', 'responsible resource management policy', 'foreign exchange rates basis', 'signiﬁcant contrac\ue000on', 'cer\ue000ﬁca\ue000on report', '2023 annual ﬁnancial report', 'specialty industrial minerals', 'geopoli\ue000cal environment', 'working capital requirements', 'full-year ﬁnancial report', 'Net financial debt', 'net ﬁnancial loss', 'Robust balance sheet', 'Net ﬁnancial debt', 'new applica\ue000ons', 'industrial applica\ue000ons', 'ini\ue000a\ue000ves', 'Addi\ue000onal informa', 'general economic environment', 'consolidated ﬁnancial statements', ""General Shareholders' Mee"", 'favourable posi\ue000on', 'electronics market recovery', 'energy transi\ue000on', 'cash posi\ue000on', 'main business segments', 'Posi\ue000ve outlook', 'June 2023 dividend payment', 'high basis', 'addi\ue000ves', 'robust fundamentals', 'opera\ue000ons', 'cash ﬂow', 'automo\ue000ve', 'green energy', 'dedica\ue000on', 'innova\ue000on', 'transla\ue000on', 'integra\ue000on', 'produc\ue000on', 'composi\ue000on', 'uncertain economic', 'consolidated accounts', 'Net income', ""shareholders' equity"", 'significant contraction', 'profitability Poisy', 'leading producer', 'performance levels', 'long-term cycles', 'buoyant projects', '2023 key developments', 'long-term markets', 'oﬀering', 'poten\ue000al', 'equity-accounted companies', 'diﬀerences', 'reasonable level', 'proﬁtability', 'ba\ue001eries', 'technical ceramics', 'statutory auditors', 'audit procedures', 'necessary procedures', 'Next date', 'world leader', 'ultra-pure alumina', 'other oxides', 'cerium oxide', 'wide range', 'high-tech markets', 'economic slowdown', 'full-year results', 'future growth', 'tax income', 'growth trajectory', 'consolidated revenue', 'record year', 'outstanding resilience', 'limited decrease', 'precision polishing', 'many years', 'Group share', 'revenue growth', 'par\ue000cular', 'Change Revenue', 'Baikowski® products', '+18.1% growth', '2023 results', '120 years', 'control', 'December', 'turnaround', 'March', '8:45am', 'CET', 'ALBKK', 'ISIN', 'downturn', 'place', 'commitment', 'teams', 'demand', 'deferral', 'orders', 'comparison', 'research', 'view', 'Earnings', 'context', 'scope', 'EBITDA', 'Company', 'improvement', 'increase', 'investments', 'Board', 'Directors', 'proposal', 'measure', 'corporate', 'April', 'start', 'trading', 'spinel', 'luminophores', 'zirconia', 'quality', 'aerospace', 'defence', 'medical', 'watchmaking', '2024']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38467,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/exclusive-networks-announces-a-major-step-in-its-growth-strategy-in-apac-with-nextgen-group-acquisition-93CH-3356160,Exclusive Networks announces a major step in its growth strategy in APAC with NEXTGEN Group acquisition By Investing.com,Exclusive Networks announces a major step in its growth strategy in APAC with NEXTGEN Group acquisition,"SYDNEY   March 28  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Exclusive Networks (Euronext Paris: EXN)  a global leader in cybersecurity  announced the signature of a binding agreement for the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of NEXTGEN Group (""NEXTGEN"")  a leading hyper-growth channel services company focused on cybersecurity  data resiliency and digital enterprise in Australia and New Zealand with presence across APAC.Headquartered in Sydney  Australia   NEXTGEN was founded in 2011 and has 190 employees across APAC. In FY-23  ending June 30 th  2023  NEXTGEN generated Gross Sales of AU$266m ( €160 m)  with expected double-digit growth for the years to come.This operation fits perfectly with Exclusive Networks' external growth strategy.NEXTGEN presents a promising hyper growth vendor portfolio  coupled with a wide array of services. This value-enhancing transaction will make Exclusive Networks a clear go to market leader in Australia and New Zealand generating commercial and financial synergies thanks to the complementarity nature of the two companies.The combination of NEXTGEN and Exclusive Networks will offer unique end-to-end value-added channel management services  supported by real-time data analytics and AI-backed insights  benefiting the entire APAC region and providing Exclusive Networks with the ability to roll-out digital channel services at a global scale.NEXTGEN's strong expertise in cloud migration assessment  digital marketing and lead generation solutions will expand Exclusive Networks' value proposition by leveraging NEXTGEN's in-house state-of-the-art platforms and developed initiatives with hyperscalers  laying the foundations for the next phase of growth.Following the acquisition  Exclusive Networks' presence in Australia and New Zealand will be more than doubled and  based on FY pro-forma figures as of Dec 31  2023   the combined entity would have represented gross sales of around €615m in APAC  a region with attractive growth prospects and a total addressable market estimated at $10 bn in 2023[1].The closing of the transaction is subject to customary conditions precedent and is expected to be finalized during the second quarter of 2024.Jesper Trolle   CEO of Exclusive Networks  commented:""This acquisition is a major step forward in our growth strategy in APAC  it significantly strengthens our business and allows us to expand and develop further our value proposition. We are very pleased to welcome John Walters and NEXTGEN's highly talented teams to the Group and look forward to working with them. Together  we will aim to create a regional leader and break new ground. The combination of resources and experience will help accelerate our growth and competitiveness in this very dynamic market and beyond.""John Walters   Founder and CEO of NEXTGEN Group added:""To capture the next phase of NEXTGEN Group's exciting growth  we had to find the right global partner that brings the appropriate investment into our model and aligns with our culture. Exclusive Networks  led by Jesper  aligns strongly with our shared ambitions and values  including a passion for innovation and an entrepreneurial spirit.After 13 years of building a business from start-up  it is with great confidence and enthusiasm that we begin this new phase with Exclusive Networks. This step marks the start of an exciting new chapter in which our growth will be accelerated by the resources and expertise of a global cybersecurity leader.""About Exclusive NetworksExclusive Networks (EXN) is a global cybersecurity specialist that provides partners and end-customers with a wide range of services and product portfolios via proven routes to market. With offices in over 47 countries and the ability to serve customers in over 170 countries  we combine a local perspective with the scale and delivery of a single global organization.Our best-in-class vendor portfolio is carefully curated with all leading industry players. Our services range from managed security to specialist technical accreditation and training and capitalize on rapidly evolving technologies and changing business models. For more information visit www.exclusive-networks.com.About NEXTGEN GroupThrough a unique  next-generation business model  NEXTGEN Group helps drive growth for technology vendors  reseller partners  and end-customers. We specialise in offering a carefully curated and complementary portfolio of leading enterprise software and value-added cloud solutions.Our collaborative approach makes it easy for technology partners to do business with scaling startups through to globally recognised blue-chip vendors offering innovative and evolving product solutions and services.[1] Company data.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['NEXTGEN Group acquisition', 'Exclusive Networks', 'major step', 'growth strategy', 'Investing.com', 'APAC', 'promising hyper growth vendor portfolio', 'end value-added channel management services', 'leading hyper-growth channel services company', 'unique, next-generation business model', ""Exclusive Networks' value proposition"", 'class vendor portfolio', 'value-added cloud solutions', 'leading industry players', 'leading enterprise software', 'digital channel services', 'cloud migration assessment', 'lead generation solutions', 'FY pro-forma figures', 'customary conditions precedent', 'specialist technical accreditation', 'right global partner', 'single global organization', 'real-time data analytics', 'attractive growth prospects', 'total addressable market', 'evolving product solutions', 'exciting new chapter', 'global cybersecurity specialist', 'external growth strategy', 'global cybersecurity leader', ""Exclusive Networks' presence"", 'unique end', 'entire APAC region', 'Company data', 'complementary portfolio', 'global leader', 'digital enterprise', 'exciting growth', 'product portfolios', 'evolving technologies', 'data resiliency', 'digital marketing', 'market leader', 'regional leader', 'New Zealand', 'global scale', 'new ground', 'new phase', 'double-digit growth', 'Euronext Paris', 'binding agreement', 'share capital', 'Gross Sales', 'wide array', 'clear go', 'financial synergies', 'complementarity nature', 'two companies', 'AI-backed insights', 'house state', 'art platforms', 'next phase', 'second quarter', 'John Walters', 'talented teams', 'dynamic market', 'appropriate investment', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'great confidence', 'wide range', 'proven routes', 'local perspective', 'managed security', 'technology vendors', 'collaborative approach', 'blue-chip vendors', 'business models', 'reseller partners', 'technology partners', 'value-enhancing transaction', 'strong expertise', 'Jesper Trolle', 'major step', 'NEXTGEN Group', 'APAC.', 'SYDNEY', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'EXN', 'signature', 'acquisition', 'Australia', '190 employees', 'June', 'years', 'operation', 'commercial', 'combination', 'ability', 'initiatives', 'hyperscalers', 'foundations', 'Dec', 'entity', 'closing', 'CEO', 'resources', 'experience', 'competitiveness', 'Founder', 'culture', 'ambitions', 'values', 'passion', 'innovation', 'start-up', 'enthusiasm', 'end-customers', 'offices', '47 countries', '170 countries', 'delivery', 'training', 'changing', 'information', 'exclusive-networks', 'startups', 'globally', 'innovative']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investing.com
38468,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/28/2854313/0/en/FL-Entertainment-publishes-its-2023-Universal-Registration-Document.html,FL Entertainment publishes its 2023 Universal Registration Document,Press Release  Paris – 28 March 2024  FL Entertainment publishes its 2023 Universal Registration Document  FL Entertainment today announced that its......,"Press ReleaseParis – 28 March 2024FL Entertainment publishes its 2023 Universal Registration DocumentFL Entertainment today announced that its 2023 Universal Registration Document  prepared in ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format)  including the 2023 Annual Financial Statements and Management’ Report  has been approved by the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten (the “AFM”).The 2023 Universal Registration Document has been filed in English and is available in ESEF and pdf format on FL Entertainment’s website at:https://www.flentertainment.com/universal-registration-document/Printed copies of the official version filed to the AFM in ESEF format are available at the registered office of FL Entertainment N.V.: 5 rue François 1er  75008 Paris  France.AgendaQ1 2024 results: 15 May 2024General Shareholders’ Meeting: 23 May 2024Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFL Entertainment Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay  the world’s largest independent content producer and distributor) and online sports betting & gaming (through Betclic  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  FL Entertainment recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.FL Entertainment is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: FLE NA  Reuters: FLE.AS)Forward-looking statementsThis communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Forward Looking StatementsSome statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking statements”. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that are outside of our control and impossible to predict and may cause actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  estimates  forecasts  analyses and projections about the industry in which we operate and management's beliefs and assumptions about possible future events. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which only express views as at the date of this press release and are neither predictions nor guarantees of possible future events or circumstances.We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events  except as may be required under applicable securities law.Alternative performance measuresThe financial information in this release includes non-IFRS financial measures and ratios (e.g. non-IFRS metrics  such as adjusted EBITDA) that are not recognized as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. The non-IFRS financial measures presented are measures used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and operations and  have therefore not been audited or reviewed. Furthermore  they may not be indicative of the historical operating results  nor are they meant to be predictive of future results. These non-IFRS measures are presented because they are considered important supplementary measurements of FL Entertainment N.V.'s (the ""Company"") performance  and we believe that these and similar measures are widely used in the industry in which the Company operates as a way to evaluate a company’s operating performance and liquidity. Not all companies calculate non-IFRS financial measures in the same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result  these measures and ratios may not be comparable to measures used by other companies under the same or similar names.Regulated information related to this press release is available on the website:https://www.flentertainment.com/results-center/https://www.flentertainment.comAttachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'FL Entertainment', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'growing online sports betting platform', '5 rue François 1er', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'largest independent content producer', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'applicable securities law', 'global entertainment leader', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'historical operating results', '2023 Annual Financial Statements', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'possible future events', 'IFRS financial measures', 'Alternative performance measures', 'Press Relations flentertainment', 'content production', 'financial performance', 'pdf format', 'Investor Relations', 'operating performance', 'financial information', 'future results', 'IFRS metrics', 'Q1 2024 results', 'actual results', 'ESEF format', 'Press Release', 'official version', 'registered office', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'The Group', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'FLE NA', 'FLE.AS', 'other factors', 'current expectations', 'undue reliance', 'unanticipated events', 'underlying performance', 'non-IFRS measures', 'supplementary measurements', 'similar measures', 'consistent basis', 'similar names', 'Forward-looking statements', 'inside information', 'Regulated information', 'Caroline Cohen', 'same manner', 'other companies', 'Management’ Report', 'Paris', '28 March', 'AFM', 'English', 'website', 'universal-registration', 'copies', 'France', 'Agenda', '15 May', '23 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Banijay', 'world', 'distributor', 'gaming', 'Betclic', 'revenue', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'communication', 'meaning', 'Article', 'nature', 'risk', 'uncertainty', 'circumstances', 'known', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'analyses', 'projections', 'beliefs', 'assumptions', 'views', 'date', 'predictions', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'occurrence', 'ratios', 'adjusted', 'liquidity', 'business', 'operations', 'Company', 'way', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,globenewswire.com
38469,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46313923/,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) : Transaction in Own Shares -March 28  2024 at 02:00 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED March 2024 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of i…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDMarch 2024 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in March 2024.Figure of the share buy back programme for March 2024Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in March 2024 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 299 516Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 123 090 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 422 60628 March 2024For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'Transaction', 'March', '02:00', 'March 2024 Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Euro share', 'GBP share', 'general authority', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38470,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TITAN-CEMENT-INTERNATIONA-62465406/news/Titan-Cement-International-Group-published-its-2023-Integrated-Annual-Report-46310025/,Titan Cement International : Group published its 2023 Integrated Annual Report -March 28  2024 at 08:05 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Media Release   28 March 2024   TITAN releases its Integrated Annual Report 2023   A year of record profitability and accelerated progress towards achieving its Green Growth Strategy 2026   TITAN has released its Integrate…,"Media Release28 March 2024TITAN releases its Integrated Annual Report 2023A year of record profitability and accelerated progress towards achieving its Green Growth Strategy 2026TITAN has released its Integrated Annual Report 2023 (IAR)  which outlines the Group's ﬁnancial  as well as environmental  social  and governance (ESG) performance. 2023 was a year of record-breaking performance  increased shareholder returns  and long-term stakeholder value creaon  in line with its Green Growth Strategy 2026. These accomplishments underscore TITAN's commitment to sustainability  innovaon  and customer-centricity.Key highlights from the Integrated Annual Report 2023 include:• A third consecutive year of record growth: o Group sales at €2 547m  up by 11.6%; Record EBITDA 2023 performance of €540.3m  up by 63.1%. All regions posted double-digit profitability growth  thanks to increased sales across all main products  operational efficiencies and improved management of energy costs. NPAT more than doubled  reaching €268.7m (+145%)  while Earnings per Share stood at €3.6/share. Return on Average Capital Employed (ROACE) at 16.9%. o Leverage ratio at 1.2x  with net debt dropping by €137m to €660m  despite significant CapEx for growth  energy mix improvements and logistics efficiency. o In 2023  S&P revised the credit rating to ""BB with positive outlook"" and Fitch assigned a ""BB+'' rating.• Strategic investments: In line with its Strategy 2026  TITAN implemented five acquisitions and partnerships adding access to reserves of more than 100m tonnes of supplementary cementitious materials and more than 90m tonnes of aggregates in attractive markets. Additionally  the company secured a €234 million grant agreement with the EU Innovation Fund for its pioneering Carbon Capture project ""IFESTOS"" in Greece.• Focus on sustainability and decarbonization: o A reduction of specific net CO2 emissions by 11kg year-over-year to 608 kg/tonne of cementitious product thanks to the increased use of alternative fuels and a lower clinker-to-cement ratio. o Lost Time Incident Frequency Rate (employees and contractors) at 0.45  among the best in the peer group. o 265 community engagement initiatives. More than 330 000 beneficiaries. o Inclusion in the ""A"" list of CDP for climate change and recognition with an ""AA"" ESG rating by MSCI.• Digital transformation: o Significant strides in digital transformation  deploying Real-Time Optimizers and failure prediction systems across its plants  leading to enhanced productivity and decreased energy consumption. o Efficiencies in flagship plants: Pennsuco in the USA is the Group's first end-to-end digital cement plant.• Refreshed corporate identity including purpose  revitalized values  and an updated logo that integrates the company's history by staying close to the design of the previous one  while reflecting the Group's strategy that combines dynamism  innovation  and sustainable development.Page 1/2Page 1/2Media ReleaseAt the upcoming Annual General Meeting on 9 May 2024  the Board of Directors will propose the distribution of a dividend of €0.85 per share for the 2023 financial year  continuing its progressive dividend policy. Subject to the approval of the shareholders  the dividend increase corresponds to an increase of €0.25 per share or 42% compared to the previous year's dividend of €0.60 per share. Based on the share price of €21.25 as of 31 December 2023  the dividend yield is 4%. Combined with the previously announced share buyback programs with a total amount of ca. €15 million in 2023  the significant increase in the dividend underlines the company's strong focus on shareholder returns.You may read the Integrated Annual Report 2023  here:https://www.titan-cement.com/newsroom/annualreports/About TITAN GroupTITAN Group is a leading international business in the building and infrastructure materials industry  with passionate teams committed to providing innovative solutions for a better world. With most of its activity in the developed markets  the Group employs over 5 700 people and operates in more than 25 countries  holding prominent positions in the US  Europe  including Greece  the Balkans  and the Eastern Mediterranean. The Group also has a joint venture in Brazil. With a 120-year history  TITAN has always fostered a family-and entrepreneurial-oriented culture for its employees and works tirelessly with its customers to meet the modern needs of society while promoting sustainable growth with responsibility and integrity. TITAN has set a net-zero goal for 2050 and has its CO₂ reduction targets validated by theScience Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The company is listed on Euronext and the Athens Exchange. For more information  visit our website atwww.titan-cement.com.Page 2/2Page 2/2",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.46,0.02,True,English,"['Titan Cement International', '2023 Integrated Annual Report', 'Group', 'March', '08:05', 'Lost Time Incident Frequency Rate', 'long-term stakeholder value crea\ue000on', 'pioneering Carbon Capture project', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'specific net CO2 emissions', 'Integrated Annual Report', 'Average Capital Employed', '€234 million grant agreement', '265 community engagement initiatives', 'failure prediction systems', 'Refreshed corporate identity', 'leading international business', 'infrastructure materials industry', 'o Leverage ratio', 'supplementary cementitious materials', 'CO₂ reduction targets', 'energy mix improvements', 'EU Innovation Fund', 'AA"" ESG rating', 'double-digit profitability growth', 'digital cement plant', 'third consecutive year', 'Record EBITDA 2023 performance', 'progressive dividend policy', 'share buyback programs', 'Green Growth Strategy', 'o Group sales', 'innova\ue000on', 'net debt', 'cement ratio', 'record profitability', 'ESG) performance', 'record growth', 'credit rating', 'cementitious product', 'record-breaking performance', 'energy costs', 'Digital transformation', 'energy consumption', 'sustainable growth', 'Media Release', 'shareholder returns', 'Key highlights', 'main products', 'significant CapEx', 'logistics efficiency', 'S&P', 'positive outlook', 'Strategic investments', 'five acquisitions', '100m tonnes', '90m tonnes', 'attractive markets', 'alternative fuels', 'lower clinker', 'A"" list', 'climate change', 'Significant strides', 'Real-Time Optimizers', 'revitalized values', 'previous one', 'sustainable development', 'total amount', 'strong focus', 'passionate teams', 'innovative solutions', 'developed markets', 'prominent positions', 'Eastern Mediterranean', 'joint venture', 'entrepreneurial-oriented culture', 'modern needs', 'net-zero goal', 'Athens Exchange', '2023 financial year', 'previous year', 'peer group', 'dividend yield', 'significant increase', 'The Group', 'operational efficiencies', 'flagship plants', 'share price', '120-year history', 'dividend increase', 'TITAN Group', 'March', 'IAR', 'ﬁnancial', 'governance', 'line', 'accomplishments', 'commitment', 'sustainability', 'customer-centricity', 'regions', 'management', 'NPAT', 'Earnings', 'ROACE', 'BB', 'Fitch', 'partnerships', 'access', 'reserves', 'aggregates', 'company', 'IFESTOS', 'Greece', 'decarbonization', '11kg', '608 kg', 'increased', 'use', 'employees', 'contractors', 'More', 'Inclusion', 'CDP', 'recognition', 'MSCI', 'enhanced', 'productivity', 'Pennsuco', 'USA', 'purpose', 'updated', 'logo', 'design', 'dynamism', 'Page', '9 May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'distribution', 'approval', 'shareholders', '31 December', 'titan-cement', 'newsroom', 'annualreports', 'building', 'world', 'activity', '5,700 people', '25 countries', 'Europe', 'Balkans', 'Brazil', 'customers', 'society', 'responsibility', 'integrity', 'SBTi', 'Euronext', 'information', 'website']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38471,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-enters-nursing-test-prep-market-with-launch-of-Lippincott-Ready-for-NCLEX-46310925/,Wolters Kluwer enters nursing test prep market with launch of Lippincott Ready for NCLEX,(marketscreener.com) Innovative  easy-to-use approach provides students with adaptive and clinically focused test prephttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-enters-nursing-test-prep-market-with-launch-of-Lipp…,"Innovative  easy-to-use approach provides students with adaptive and clinically focused test prepTo help prepare nursing students for real-world practice  Wolters Kluwer Health today announces the launch of Lippincott Ready for NCLEX®  a complete test prep solution for the National Council Licensure Examination (NCLEX). The new product marks the organization’s entrance into nursing education testing  with a comprehensive learning solution designed to empower the next generation of nurses.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328576892/en/To help prepare nursing students for real-world practice  Wolters Kluwer Health announces the launch of Lippincott Ready for NCLEX®  a complete test prep solution for the National Council Licensure Examination (Graphic: Business Wire)“By combining deep educational and testing expertise from Lippincott®  NurseTim®  and NurseThink®  we are redefining the nursing education testing market with a one-stop solution for NCLEX success ” said Julie Stegman  Vice President  Wolters Kluwer Health Learning & Practice. “By adding testing to our quizzing solution  Lippincott PassPoint  our efforts to provide personalized and adaptive learning continue to evolve  aiding students and educators with powerful tools to ensure tomorrow’s nurses are clinically competent and confident when they enter the care setting.”All the tools to pass the NCLEX  now in one placeWolters Kluwer offers the only testing solution to publish a predictive validity report showing how students who use the tool do better on the NCLEX. Students that score 70% or higher on the Lippincott/NurseThink Clinical Judgment RN Readiness Exam have a 99% probability of passing the NCLEX on their first attempt. This is achieved through practice exams built on the National Council of State Boards of Nursing’s (NCSBN) Clinical Judgment Measurement Model–created by top U.S. nurse educators from the ground up.The new Lippincott Ready for NCLEX combines performance insights for the NCLEX exam plus adaptive learning tools that help improve performance  including Lippincott PassPoint and NurseThink® NCLEX-RN® Conceptual Review Guide.“Embracing innovation and integrating evidence-based tools into our curriculum is fundamental to the success of our students. At Wayne State University's College of Nursing  our commitment to excellence is embodied through our use of the various Lippincott products in our undergraduate program. These innovative resources enrich the learning experience and strategically prepare our nursing students for the rigor of the NCLEX ” said Dr. Erik Carter  Ph.D. MS APRN-ACNS CCRN-A  Director of Undergraduate Programming  Wayne State University College of Nursing. “By fostering an environment of comprehensive learning and critical thinking  we ensure our graduates are prepared and positioned to excel in the entry of their nursing careers. It's about creating future healthcare leaders equipped with the knowledge  clinical judgment skills  and professional confidence to have a meaningful impact in the lives of those they serve.""Preparation for nursing practice  not just test-takingThe next generation NCLEX focuses on analyzing students’ clinical judgment skills to ensure practice-readiness. Instead of developing a curriculum around test mastery  Lippincott Ready for NCLEX helps educators focus on tailoring a student’s learning experience through the clinical judgment framework  better preparing them for their post-graduate jobs.Together with Lippincott® Partnership for Nursing Education and Testing  Wolters Kluwer further integrates NurseTim offerings into Lippincott’s full curriculum collection of educational products and services for leading U.S. prelicensure nursing programs.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.comAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328576892/en/",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['nursing test prep market', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'launch', 'Lippincott', 'NCLEX', 'leading U.S. prelicensure nursing programs', 'Lippincott/NurseThink Clinical Judgment RN Readiness Exam', 'Ph.D. MS APRN-ACNS CCRN-A', 'NCSBN) Clinical Judgment Measurement Model', 'top U.S. nurse educators', 'NurseThink® NCLEX-RN® Conceptual Review Guide', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'National Council Licensure Examination', 'students’ clinical judgment skills', 'complete test prep solution', 'Wayne State University College', 'nursing education testing market', 'clinical judgment framework', 'Wolters Kluwer Health Learning', 'predictive validity report', 'Dr. Erik Carter', 'future healthcare leaders', 'comprehensive learning solution', 'deep domain knowledge', 'full curriculum collection', 'various Lippincott products', 'adaptive learning tools', 'NCLEX exam', 'testing solution', 'State Boards', 'test mastery', 'one-stop solution', 'quizzing solution', 'learning experience', 'full release', 'deep educational', 'educational products', 'nursing careers', 'testing expertise', 'nursing practice', 'new product', 'next generation', 'press release', 'Business Wire', 'Julie Stegman', 'Vice President', 'powerful tools', 'care setting', 'one place', 'first attempt', 'evidence-based tools', 'undergraduate program', 'innovative resources', 'critical thinking', 'professional confidence', 'meaningful impact', 'post-graduate jobs', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'nursing students', 'real-world practice', 'practice exams', 'performance insights', 'corporate performance', 'Lippincott PassPoint', 'new Lippincott', 'Lippincott® Partnership', 'NurseTim offerings', 'NCLEX success', 'NurseTim®', 'NCLEX®', 'approach', 'launch', 'organization', 'entrance', 'nurses', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'news', 'efforts', 'personalized', 'tomorrow', '99% probability', 'ground', 'innovation', 'commitment', 'excellence', 'use', 'rigor', 'Director', 'environment', 'graduates', 'entry', 'lives', 'Preparation', 'test-taking', 'practice-readiness', 'services', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38472,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/28/kingswood-wealth-advisors-llc-purchases-new-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Kingswood Wealth Advisors LLC Purchases New Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Kingswood Wealth Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm purchased 1 663 shares of the…,Kingswood Wealth Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm purchased 1 663 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $507 000.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of PSA. AMI Investment Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the first quarter valued at approximately $267 000. Blair William & Co. IL grew its holdings in Public Storage by 7.3% during the 1st quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 2 668 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 041 000 after acquiring an additional 182 shares during the period. Prudential PLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage during the 1st quarter worth $1 374 000. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage during the 1st quarter worth $398 000. Finally  Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. grew its holdings in Public Storage by 19.0% during the 1st quarter. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. now owns 13 506 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5 271 000 after acquiring an additional 2 156 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of NYSE PSA opened at $288.10 on Thursday. The firm has a market cap of $50.62 billion  a PE ratio of 26.05  a PEG ratio of 3.61 and a beta of 0.54. The company has a current ratio of 0.62  a quick ratio of 0.62 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.58. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $316.48. The company has a fifty day moving average price of $284.05 and a 200 day moving average price of $275.27.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 earnings per share for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.15 by ($1.94). The company had revenue of $1.16 billion during the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a return on equity of 35.31% and a net margin of 45.34%. Public Storage’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year  the company posted $4.16 earnings per share. Research analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.92 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  March 28th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  March 13th will be paid a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday  March 12th. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.17%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is 108.50%.Wall Street Analyst Weigh InA number of analysts have commented on PSA shares. Scotiabank lifted their target price on shares of Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a report on Monday  March 18th. Wells Fargo & Company lowered shares of Public Storage from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $270.00 to $280.00 in a report on Tuesday  December 12th. Truist Financial lifted their target price on shares of Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday  December 28th. Barclays assumed coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Wednesday. They set an “overweight” rating and a $330.00 target price for the company. Finally  BMO Capital Markets lifted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday  March 19th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  five have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. According to MarketBeat.com  the stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $300.00.Check Out Our Latest Report on Public StorageAbout Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Kingswood Wealth Advisors LLC', 'New Holdings', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A.', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'fifty day moving average price', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement Public Storage', 'Kingswood Wealth Advisors LLC', 'seven Western European nations', 'real estate investment trust', 'AMI Investment Management Inc.', '200 day moving average price', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'One investment analyst', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'latest 13F filings', 'consensus target price', 'other hedge funds', 'sector perform” rating', 'equal weight” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'other institutional investors', '35% common equity interest', 'dividend payout ratio', 'current fiscal year', 'analyst estimates', 'net margin', 'S&P 500', 'average rating', '$330.00 target price', 'price target', 'Truist Financial', 'Shurgard brand', 'current ratio', 'quarterly dividend', 'dividend yield', 'Research analysts', 'Latest Report', 'overweight” rating', 'buy” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'PE ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'new stake', 'Exchange Commission', 'Prudential PLC', 'market cap', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'year basis', 'previous year', 'ex-dividend date', 'annualized basis', 'Wells Fargo', 'MarketBeat.com', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'research report', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', 'hold rating', 'fourth quarter', 'first quarter', '1st quarter', 'additional 182 shares', 'additional 2,156 shares', 'PSA shares', 'United States', 'same period', 'December 12th', 'earnings results', 'Co. IL', '$12.00 dividend', '1,663 shares', '2,668 shares', '13,506 shares', '40 states', '4.16 earnings', '16.92 earnings', 'company', 'Securities', 'firm', 'stock', 'number', 'holdings', 'Blair', 'William', 'Thursday', 'beta', 'debt', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'revenue', 'return', 'March', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'Scotiabank', 'Monday', 'Barclays', 'coverage', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', '35.', '45.']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,etfdailynews.com
38473,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LA-FRANCAISE-DE-L-ENERGIE-28643001/news/FDE-Announcement-of-the-Launch-of-a-New-Share-Buy-Back-Program-46315553/,FDE: Announcement of the Launch of a New Share Buy-Back Program -March 28  2024 at 05:52 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:FDE   a carbon negative energy producer  announces that the Board of Directors has decided to initiate another Share Buy-Back program for the next 12 months. Such program could be for a maximum amount of EUR 50 million…,"Regulatory News:FDE (Euronext: FDE - ISIN: FR0013030152)  a carbon negative energy producer  announces that the Board of Directors has decided to initiate another Share Buy-Back program for the next 12 months. Such program could be for a maximum amount of EUR 50 million as per the authorization given by the FDE’s general meeting of shareholders of November 30  2023  to be implemented for the purposes set forth in Article 5 of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the ""MAR""). FDE will not hold more than 10% of the share issued capital.This new share Buy-Back program follows the Buy-Back operations carried out in 2023  following which FDE currently holds 1.6% of its capital (excluding treasury shares held under its liquidity contract).Investments made by FDE in recent years in its key energy activities have resulted in significant recurrent cash flow generations and the strengthening of its balance sheet. In the opinion of the FDE’s Board of Directors and management  the businesses of the group are worth significantly more than the current market capitalisation.In that context  share repurchases should enhance the per-share intrinsic value of FDE shares  benefiting to the existing shareholders.The group’s financial strength remains a clear focus for FDE to achieve its strategic objectives  focusing on the development of low carbon energy solutions and the increase in production of gas  power  heat  Bio-Co 2 and hydrogen in Europe. The current balance sheet and ongoing FDE’s cash generation  together with the support of its banking partners  are sufficient to deliver on its FY 2026 development plan.The amount of purchases will therefore vary upon the levels of free cash available and the attractiveness of new investments  together with the level of discount from management’s estimate of intrinsic value.FDE may buy back shares in open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions  at management’s discretion. TP ICAP (Europe) remains in charge of the liquidity contract.FDE reiterates its FYE 2026 objectives of annualized revenues exceeding EUR 100 million with an EBITDA reaching over EUR 50 million  combined with 10 million tons of CO2eq emissions avoided per annum.Next announcement:Q3 2022 sales – April 24th 2024Reuters code: LFDE.PA Bloomberg code: LFDE.FPAbout La Française de l’ÉnergieFDE is a negative carbon footprint energy group  specialized in the implementation of local energy recovery and production sites  allowing the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. FDE notably supplies regional players with gas  electricity  heat and CO 2   thus replacing imported energy with local  cleaner energy. FDE aims to become a leading independent player in the energy sector in Europe.More information available on www.francaisedelenergie.frDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward - looking statements and estimates concerning LFDE’s financial condition  operating results  strategy  projects and future performance and the markets in which it operates. Such forward-looking statements and estimates may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “can ” “could ” “estimate ” “expect ” “intend ” “is designed to ” “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “predict ” “objective ” “should ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. They incorporate all topics that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on management’s current assumptions and assessment of risks  uncertainties and other factors  known and unknown  which were deemed to be reasonable at the time they were made but which may turn out to be incorrect. Events and outcomes are difficult to predict and depend on factors beyond the company’s control. Consequently  the actual results  financial condition  performances and/or achievements of LFDE or of the industry may turn out to differ materially from the future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by these statements  forecasts and estimates. Owing to these uncertainties  no representation is made as to the correctness or fairness of these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates speak only as of the date on which they are made  and LFDE undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328134013/en/",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['New Share Buy-Back Program', 'FDE', 'Announcement', 'Launch', 'March', '05:52', 'significant recurrent cash flow generations', 'negative carbon footprint energy group', 'carbon negative energy producer', 'low carbon energy solutions', 'new share Buy-Back program', 'key energy activities', 'local energy recovery', 'local, cleaner energy', 'La Française', 'leading independent player', 'View source version', 'current market capitalisation', 'PA Bloomberg code', 'open market purchases', 'current balance sheet', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'FY 2026 development plan', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Forward looking statements', 'Such program', 'energy sector', 'Buy-Back operations', 'cash generation', 'free cash', 'current assumptions', 'new information', 'CO2eq emissions', 'Reuters code', 'share repurchases', 'new investments', 'next 12 months', 'general meeting', 'liquidity contract', 'recent years', 'intrinsic value', 'financial strength', 'clear focus', 'strategic objectives', 'banking partners', 'TP ICAP', 'FYE 2026 objectives', 'annualized revenues', '10 million tons', 'Next announcement', 'Q3 2022 sales', 'April 24th', 'regional players', 'More information', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'operating results', 'future performance', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'future results', 'treasury shares', 'Regulatory News', 'maximum amount', 'existing shareholders', 'production sites', 'other factors', 'future events', 'ongoing FDE', 'FDE shares', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'Board', 'Directors', 'authorization', 'November', 'purposes', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'strengthening', 'opinion', 'management', 'businesses', 'context', 'increase', 'power', 'heat', 'Bio-Co', 'hydrogen', 'Europe', 'support', 'levels', 'attractiveness', 'discount', 'estimate', 'transactions', 'discretion', 'charge', 'EBITDA', 'annum', 'LFDE', 'FP', 'Énergie', 'implementation', 'reduction', 'electricity', 'francaisedelenergie', 'Disclaimer', 'strategy', 'projects', 'markets', 'words', 'topics', 'forecasts', 'assessment', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'time', 'outcomes', 'company', 'control', 'performances', 'achievements', 'industry', 'representation', 'correctness', 'fairness', 'date', 'obligation', 'law', 'businesswire']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38474,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LU-VE-S-P-A-22619643/news/LU-VE-S-p-A-Report-on-the-corporate-governance-and-ownership-structure-46311455/,LU VE S p A : Report on the corporate governance and ownership structure -March 28  2024 at 09:37 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   LU-VE S.p.A.   Via Vittorio Veneto 11 - 21100 Varese   REA [Economic and Administrative Index] Number: VA-191975   Tax Code: 01570130128   REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURES   pursuant to art. 123-b…,"LU-VE S.p.A.Via Vittorio Veneto 11 - 21100 VareseREA [Economic and Administrative Index] Number: VA-191975Tax Code: 01570130128REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURESpursuant to art. 123-bis of the TUF (Consolidated Law on Finance)(traditional administration and control model)YEAR 2023approved by the Board of Directors of 13 March 2024LU-VE S.p.A.Registered office: Via Vittorio Veneto n. 11 - 21100 VARESE (VA)Administrative headquarters: Via Caduti della Liberazione no. 53 - 21040 UBOLDO (VA)www.luvegroup.comCONTENTSCONTENTS ............................................................................................................................................ 2GLOSSARY ............................................................................................................................................. 7INTRODUCTION .................................................................................................................................. 11SUMMARY .......................................................................................................................................... 131.0 Company profile ..................................................................................................................... 17 2.0 Information on ownership structures (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) as at 13 March 2024 ............................................................. 24 A) Structure of the share capital (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter a)  of theConsolidated Law on Finance) ......................................................................................................... 24B) Restrictions to the transfer of securities (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter b)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ................................................................................................... 24C) Relevant equity investment in the share capital (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter c)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ................................................................................ 25D) Securities that confer special rights (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter d)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ......................................................................................................... 25E) Employee ownership scheme: mechanism for the exercise of voting rights (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter e)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ............................................ 26F) Restriction to the right of vote (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter f)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ......................................................................................................... 27G) Agreements between shareholders (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter g)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ......................................................................................................... 27H) Change of control clause (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter h)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) and statutory provisions relating to the Public Offer (pursuant to art. 104  paragraph 1-ter  and 104-bis  paragraph 1  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) .......... 27I) Delegations to increase the share capital and authorisations for the purchase of treasury shares (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter m)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ... 27L) Management and coordination activities (pursuant to art. 2497 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code) …………................................................................................................................................... 293.0 Compliance (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter a)  first part  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ...................................................................................................................... 314.0 Board of Directors .................................................................................................................. 334.1 Role of the Board of Directors ............................................................................................... 33Reserved powers and activities carried out by the Board of Directors ........................................... 334.2 Appointment and replacement (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 1  letter l)  first part  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ................................................................................................... 414.3 Composition (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter d) and d-bis)  of the ConsolidatedLaw on Finance) ................................................................................................................................ 44Diversity criteria and policies in the composition of the Board and in the companyorganization ............................................................................................................................ 54Maximum number of offices held in other companies ......................................................... 574.4 Functioning of the Board of Directors (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter d)  of theConsolidated Law on Finance) ......................................................................................................... 574.5 Role of the Chairman of the Board of Directors ................................................................... 59Secretary of the Board ........................................................................................................... 614.6 Executive directors ................................................................................................................ 63 Managing Directors ................................................................................................................ 63 Chairman of the Board of Directors ....................................................................................... 64 Executive Committee (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter d)  Consolidated Law on Finance) .................................................................................................................................. 65 Disclosure to the Board by the directors/delegated bodies .................................................. 65 Other executive directors ...................................................................................................... 66 General Manager ................................................................................................................... 664.7 Independent Directors and Lead Independent Director ..................................................... 68 Independent Directors ........................................................................................................... 68 Lead Independent Director .................................................................................................... 725.0 Management of corporate information ................................................................................. 756.0 Internal Board committees (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter d)  Consolidated Law on Finance) ............................................................................................................................. 79 Additional committees (other than those required by law or recommended by the Code) 837.0 Self-assessment and succession of directors - Remuneration and Appointments Committee ................................................................................................................................................ 857.1. Self-assessment and succession of Directors ......................................................................... 857.2. Appointments Committee ...................................................................................................... 878.0 Remuneration of directors - Remuneration and Appointments Committee ........................ 898.1. Remuneration of Directors ..................................................................................................... 898.2. Remuneration and Appointments Committee ...................................................................... 89 Composition and functioning of the Remuneration and Appointments Committee (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter d)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ....................... 89 Functions of the Remuneration and Appointments Committee ........................................... 909.0 Internal Control and Risk Management System - Control and Risk Committee .................... 96 Characteristics of the Internal Control and Risk Management System ................................. 97Main characteristics of Internal Control and Risk Management Systems in relation to thefinancial disclosure process .................................................................................................... 99Adequacy of the Internal Control and Risk Management System ....................................... 1029.1. Chief Executive Officer ......................................................................................................... 1029.2. Control and Risk Committee ................................................................................................ 104 Composition and functioning of the Control and Risk Committee (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter d)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) .............................................. 104 Functions assigned to the Control and Risk Committee ...................................................... 1059.3. Head of the Internal Audit function ..................................................................................... 1089.4. Organisation Model pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree no. 231/2001 .......................... 1139.5. Auditing Firm ........................................................................................................................ 1169.6. Financial reporting manager and other company roles and functions ............................... 1169.7. Coordination between the entities involved in the Internal Control and Risk Management System .................................................................................................................................. 11810.0 Directors' interests and related party transactions ............................................................. 12111.0 Board of Statutory Auditors ................................................................................................. 12611.1. Appointment and replacement ............................................................................................ 12611.2. Composition and functioning of the Board of Statutory Auditors (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 2  letters d) and d-bis)  of the Consolidated Law on Finance) ............................ 129 Diversity policies and criteria ............................................................................................... 134 Independence ....................................................................................................................... 136 Remuneration ....................................................................................................................... 137 Interest management ........................................................................................................... 137 Induction Programme .......................................................................................................... 13712.0 Relations with Shareholders ................................................................................................ 140 Access to information .......................................................................................................... 140 Dialogue with Shareholders ................................................................................................. 140 Dialogue with other significant Stakeholders ...................................................................... 141 Topics subject to Dialogue ................................................................................................... 14213.0 Shareholders' Meeting ......................................................................................................... 14414.0 Additional corporate governance procedures (pursuant to art. 123-bis  paragraph 2  letter a)  second part of the Consolidated Law on Finance) .......................................................... 14915.0 Changes after the close of the Financial Year ...................................................................... 15116.0 Considerations on the Letter of the Chairman of the Corporate Governance Committee.154Tables .. ............................................................................................................................................. 158Table 1: Information on ownership structures ................................................................................. 158Table 2: Structure of the Board of Directors at the closing date of the Financial Year .................... 159 4Table 3: Structure of the board committees at the closing date of the Financial Year .................... 160Table 4: Structure of the Board of Statutory Auditors at the closing date of the Financial Year ..... 161Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure 2023GLOSSARYDirectors: the members of the LU-VE Board of Directors.Meeting/Shareholders' meeting: the shareholders' meeting of LU-VE.Shareholders: the LU-VE shareholders.Borsa Italiana: Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  with registered office in Milan  Piazza Affari  no. 6.Chief Executive Officer/CEO: the main person responsible for the management of the company.Chief Strategic Development Officer/CSDO: the director responsible for coordinating  in support of the CEO  the implementation of strategic industrial policies  dealing with the development of the individual Group plants with reference to both real estate and industrial profiles in close cooperation with the GM  in the pursuit of Sustainable Success  taking care of the development of all activities related to sustainability strategies and the integration of these strategies into the business plan.Old Corporate Governance Code: the old Corporate Governance Code for listed companies approved for the first time in 1999 and last amended in July 2018 by the Corporate Governance Committee.Corporate Governance Code: the Corporate Governance Code adopted by companies with listed shares approved by the Corporate Governance Committee in January 2020  to which the Company has adhered from 1 January 2021.Civil Code/c.c.: the Italian Civil Code.Code of Ethics: the code of ethics approved by the Board of Directors on 30 June 2016.Board/Board of Statutory Auditors: the Board of Statutory Auditors of LU-VE.Committees: the Control and Risk Committee  the Remuneration and Appointments Committee and the Independent Committee.Control and Risk Committee/CCR: the Control and Risk Committee with responsibility for Transactions with Related Parties of LU-VE.Independent Committee: the Independent Committee of LU-VE.Corporate Governance Committee: the Italian Committee for Corporate Governance of listed companies  and promoted by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  ABI  Ania  Assogestioni  Assonime and Confindustria.Remuneration and Appointments Committee/CRN: the Remuneration and Appointments Committee of LU-VE.Board of Directors/Board/BoD: the Board of Directors of LU-VE.CONSOB: Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa  the Italian financial markets regulator  with registered office in Rome  via G.B. Martini  no. 3.General Manager/GM: the party entrusted with the ordinary management of the Group's activities  in support of the CEO.Financial year: the company year from 1 January to 31 December 2022.Euronext Milan: the market segment managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. in which the Issuer's shares were traded up to 20 September 2022  known as ""Mercato Telematico Azionario"" (MTA) until 25 October 2021.Euronext STAR Milan: the market segment managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. in which the Issuer's shares are traded from 22 September 2022.Group/LU-VE Group: LU-VE and its direct or indirect subsidiaries pursuant to art. 93 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and art. 2359 of the Italian Civil Code.Guidelines: the ""Guidelines for the identification and performance of the significant transactions of the LU-VE S.p.A. Group""  approved by the Board of Directors on 8 February 2018.SCIGR Guidelines: the ""Guidelines of the Internal Control and Risk Management System of the LU-VE S.p.A. Group""  approved by the Board of Directors on 21 September 2017 and lastly amended on 21 December 2022.LU-VE/Company/Issuer: LU-VE S.p.A.  with registered office in Varese  via Vittorio Veneto no. 11.Supervisory Body/SB: the supervisory body of the Company established pursuant to art. 6 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 231 of 8 June 2001 as subsequently amended.Business Plan: the planning document approved by the Board of Directors which defines the company's strategic objectives and the actions to be taken in order to achieve these objectives in line with the level of exposure to the chosen risk  with a view to promoting the Company's Sustainable Success.Chairman/Chairman of the BoD: the chairman of the Issuer's Board of Directors.Honorary Chairman: individual of high standing/or who has contributed significantly to the affirmation and/or the development and/or reputation of the Company LU-VE  appointed by the Board of Directors  also identifying him/her outside its members.OPC Procedure: the ""Related Party Transactions Procedure""  with the updated version adopted by the Board of Directors on 3 May 2017  as subsequently amended and supplemented in the version updated by the Board of Directors on 29 June 2021.BoD and Committees Regulations: the Regulations of the Board of Directors and of the Internal Board Committees approved by the Board of Directors on 24 February 2021 and lastly amended on 20 December 2023.Consob Issuers' Regulation: the Regulation issued by Consob by means of resolution no. 11971 of 1999 (as subsequently amended) regarding issuers.Consob Markets Regulation: the Regulation issued by Consob by means of resolution no. 20249 of 2017 (as subsequently amended) regarding markets.Consob Related Party Regulation: the Regulation issued by Consob by means of resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 (as subsequently amended) regarding transactions with related parties.Report: this report on corporate governance and ownership structures drafted by LU-VE pursuant to art. 123-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance.Remuneration Report: the ""Annual report on the remuneration policy and the remuneration paid"" that the Company is required to draft annually in accordance with art. 123-ter of the Consolidated Law on Finance and art. 84-quater of the Consob Issuers' Regulation.Sustainability Report: the ""Consolidated non-financial statement"" that the Company prepares annually pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree no. 254/2016.Subsidiaries: direct or indirect subsidiaries of LU-VE pursuant to art. 93 of the Consolidated Law on Finance and art. 2359 of the Italian Civil Code.Concentrated Ownership Company: a company in which one or more shareholders who participate in a shareholder voting agreement have  directly or indirectly (through subsidiaries  trustees or third parties)  a majority of the votes that can be exercised at an ordinary meeting.Large Company: a company whose capitalization exceeded Euro 1 billion on the last trading day of each of the previous three calendar years.Close Relative: shall mean the close relatives of a person  defined as such in accordance with the International Accounting Standards in force at the time negotiations on a RPT are entered into or  in the absence of negotiations  at the time the relevant decision is adopted.Sustainable Success: objective that guides the action of the Board of Directors and which takes the form of creating long-term value for the benefit of shareholders  taking into account the interests of the other stakeholders relevant to the Company.Top Management: the senior executives of the Company and the Group who are not members of the Board of Directors and have power and responsibility for planning  managing and controlling the activities of the LU-VE Company and Group.Articles of Association/Articles: the Articles of Association of LU-VE  in force at the date of presentation of this Report.Consolidated Law on Finance (TUF): Italian Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 as subsequently amended.In addition to the aforementioned definitions  unless otherwise specified  the definitions of the Corporate Governance Code must also be understood as being recalled by reference.IntroductionReport on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure 202310",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,negative,0.1,0.41,0.49,True,English,"['LU VE S', 'corporate governance', 'ownership structure', 'Report', 'March', '09:37', 'LU-VE S.p.A.', 'Via Vittorio Veneto', 'Via Caduti della', 'Relevant equity investment', 'Italian Civil Code', 'Employee ownership scheme', 'Tax Code', 'OWNERSHIP STRUCTURES', 'Administrative Index', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE', 'traditional administration', 'control model', 'Registered office', 'Administrative headquarters', '1.0 Company profile', 'share capital', 'special rights', 'voting rights', 'control clause', 'statutory provisions', 'Public Offer', 'treasury shares', 'first part', 'Reserved powers', 'Diversity criteria', 'company organization', 'Consolidated Law', 'coordination activities', '21100 Varese', 'Economic', 'Number', 'REPORT', 'art.', 'TUF', 'Finance', 'YEAR', 'Board', 'Directors', '13 March', 'Liberazione', '21040 UBOLDO', 'luvegroup', 'CONTENTS', 'GLOSSARY', 'INTRODUCTION', 'SUMMARY', 'Information', 'paragraph', 'bis', 'letter', 'Restrictions', 'transfer', 'securities', 'mechanism', 'exercise', 'vote', 'Agreements', 'shareholders', 'Change', 'Delegations', 'authorisations', 'purchase', 'Management', '3.0 Compliance', '4.1 Role', 'Appointment', 'replacement', 'Composition', 'policies', '4.2', '4.3']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38475,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ID-LOGISTICS-GROUP-10372316/news/ID-Logistics-partners-with-Wella-Company-46307780/,ID Logistics : partners with Wella Company -March 28  2024 at 05:04 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Orgon  March 28  2024   ID LOGISTICS BRAZIL: NEW PARTNERSHIP WITH WELLA COMPANY   ID Logistics  an international leader in contract logistics  is in charge of the logistics activities of the new national distr…,"PRESS RELEASEOrgon  March 28  2024ID LOGISTICS BRAZIL: NEW PARTNERSHIP WITH WELLA COMPANYID Logistics  an international leader in contract logistics  is in charge of the logistics activities of the new national distribution center in Brazil of Wella Company  a global leader in the beauty industry and a leader in the global cosmetics industry. This new customer for the Group illustrates ID Logistics' strong expertise in this high-tech sector.Wella site at Extrema ©ID LogisticsNow independent of the Coty Group  Wella Company controls its entire supply chain and has decided to start a collaboration with ID Logistics that opens a new chapter in Brazil.""This year we are celebrating 70 years of business and innovation in Brazil. The opening of Wella Company's first distribution center in Brazil marks another important milestone in our quest for independence and reflects our commitment to raising the standards of the hair care industry. It is also an opportunity for us to strengthen our presence as a leader in the Brazilian professional market"" - Nathalie De Gouveia  Chairman of Wella Company in Brazil.Located in Extrema  in the south of the state of Minas Gerais  the site benefits from proximity to the main consumption centers  thus strengthening the national distribution of the Group's brands to different channels: from wholesale to specialized distributors  including beauty salons  perfumeries  pharmacies and e-commerce.ID Logistics Brazil employs more than 2 000 people in this region  ensuring high agility in the event of fluctuating activity.""We are proud to inaugurate Extrema's new distribution centre  which both strengthens our presence in the region and strengthens our ties with Wella Company  the market leader in this sector. In doing so  we reaffirm our commitment to operational excellence and innovation  always offering the best solution for our customers. I would like to thank everyone who contributed to the realization of this incredible project as well as Wella Company for their trust. This is just the beginning of a story that will be crowned with success""- Gilberto Lima  General Manager of ID Logistics Brazil.OPERATIONAL PROFILE OF THE SITEWith a surface area of 12 000 m²  the site has a storage capacity of 14 000 pallets. 21 trucks operate on site every day  representing the movement of more than 110 000 parcels per month.Operational 24 hours a day  the site responds with agility to customer requests. Also managed by a Control Tower -a new addition to ID Logistics Brazil's range of services and solutions - this site can guide delivery drivers to optimized routes and allow Wella Company to control the status of deliveries until they arrive at their destination.55 Chemin des Engrenauds CS 20040 - 13660 Orgon Tel. 04 42 11 06 00https://www.id-logistics.com/CONTACT PRESSE ID LOGISTICS : Agence Rumeur PubliqueTél. 01 42 93 04 04presseidlogistics@rumeurpublique.frPRESS RELEASEOrgon  March 28  2024This new site  LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certified  is equipped with a LED lighting system  a wastewater recovery and recycling system. In addition  solar panels are expected to be installed by 2025  so that the site's energy consumption is 100% green.The building also has FaceFelt insulation that ensures better acoustic and thermal comfort  with a reduction in the temperature of the internal environment. On the safety side  aerosols and other flammable products are managed in a separate infrastructure  ensuring regulatory compliance as well as the integrity of these products.""The quality of ID Logistics Brazil's offer and its ability to support growth plans were decisive in our choice. We will be able to meet the demands of the Brazilian market with greater efficiency and agility. We are committed to optimizing our ope-rations and providing the best solutions to our customers""- Paula Despinoy  Director of Logistics & Procurement at Wella Company""This collaboration represents an important milestone for ID Logistics Brazil. This new partnership and the new services offered will contribute to the efficiency and success of this operation  allowing Wella Company's customers - beauty pro-fessionals and the communities surrounding the Group - to grow""- Caroline Apezzatto  Director of Business Development at ID Logistics Brazil.ID LOGISTICS BRAZIL: A MAJOR PLAYER IN THE NATIONAL LOGISTICS LANDSCAPEEstablished in 2003  ID Logistics' Brazilian subsidiary has 7 000 employees and manages the logistics operations of 62 sites located in strategic areas such as the state of Sao Paolo  Minas Gerais  Rio de Janeiro  Distrito Federal and Espirito Santo. The logistics company's activities in the country are mainly dedicated to FMCG and Industry  followed by e-commerce and textiles  retail and finally the cosmetics sector. With a portfolio of global clients (Carrefour  Danone  Estée Lauder  Unilever  ABInBev  Henkel  etc.)  ID Logistics Brazil is a major player in the national economic landscape. Thanks to this new partnership with Wella Company  ID Logistics strengthens its recognized expertise in the cosmetics sector  and shows more than ever its ambition to bring its know-how and unique expertise to companies wishing to increase their logistics activities in the country.ABOUT ID LOGISTICS:ID Logistics  managed by Eric Hémar  is an international contract logistics Group with revenues of €2.75 billion in 2023. ID Logistics manages nearly 400 sites in 18 countries  representing more than 8 million sq.m. operated in Europe  America  Asia and Africa  with 38 000 employees. With a customer portfolio balanced between retail  e-commerce and consumer goods  ID Logistics is characterized by offers involving a high level of technology. Since its creation in 2001  the Group has developed a social and environmental approach through a number of original projects  and is now firmly committed to an ambitious CSR policy. ID Logistics shares are listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris and are included in the SBF 120 index (ISIN code: FR0010929125  Mnemo: IDL).ABOUT WELLA COMPANY:Wella Company is one of the world's leading beauty companies and is made up of a family of iconic brands such as Wella Professionals  Clairol  OPI  Sebastian Professional  Nioxin and ghd. Pursuing innovation that inspires consumers and beauty professionals  and that engages communities to look  feel and be themselves. Wella Company is committed to building the best company in the beauty industry  where the 6 000 employees in more than 100 countries can bring their best to work. Guided by its values and led by the purpose of delivering positive impact for people through its products and for the planet and society  it provides growth for all stakeholders. To learn more about Wella  visitwww.wellacompany.comand follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram and Facebook.55 Chemin des Engrenauds CS 20040 - 13660 Orgon Tel. 04 42 11 06 00https://www.id-logistics.com/CONTACT PRESSE ID LOGISTICS : Agence Rumeur PubliqueTél. 01 42 93 04 04presseidlogistics@rumeurpublique.fr",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['ID Logistics', 'Wella Company', 'partners', 'March', '05:04', '55 Chemin des Engrenauds CS', 'CONTACT PRESSE ID LOGISTICS', ""ID Logistics' Brazilian subsidiary"", 'new national distribution center', 'first distribution center', 'entire supply chain', 'Nathalie De Gouveia', 'Agence Rumeur Publique', 'Rio de Janeiro', 'Estée Lauder', 'national economic landscape', 'NATIONAL LOGISTICS LANDSCAPE', 'main consumption centers', 'LED lighting system', 'Brazilian professional market', 'new distribution centre', 'hair care industry', 'other flammable products', 'ID LOGISTICS BRAZIL', 'global cosmetics industry', '©ID Logistics', 'Brazilian market', 'contract logistics', 'logistics operations', 'logistics company', 'recycling system', 'global clients', 'NEW PARTNERSHIP', 'new customer', 'new chapter', 'beauty industry', 'cosmetics sector', 'logistics activities', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'WELLA COMPANY', 'strong expertise', 'important milestone', 'Minas Gerais', 'different channels', 'specialized distributors', 'beauty salons', 'fluctuating activity', 'operational excellence', 'best solution', 'incredible project', 'Gilberto Lima', 'General Manager', 'OPERATIONAL PROFILE', 'surface area', 'storage capacity', 'customer requests', 'Control Tower', 'delivery drivers', 'Tél', 'Environmental Design', 'wastewater recovery', 'solar panels', 'energy consumption', 'FaceFelt insulation', 'thermal comfort', 'internal environment', 'safety side', 'separate infrastructure', 'regulatory compliance', 'growth plans', 'Paula Despinoy', 'beauty pro-fessionals', 'Caroline Apezzatto', 'MAJOR PLAYER', 'strategic areas', 'Sao Paolo', 'Distrito Federal', 'Espirito Santo', 'global leader', 'market leader', 'new addition', 'new services', 'high-tech sector', 'international leader', 'new site', 'greater efficiency', 'Business Development', 'high agility', 'Orgon Tel.', 'Coty Group', 'Wella site', 'solutions', 'March', 'charge', 'Extrema', 'collaboration', '70 years', 'innovation', 'opening', 'independence', 'commitment', 'standards', 'opportunity', 'presence', 'Chairman', 'south', 'state', 'proximity', 'brands', 'wholesale', 'perfumeries', 'pharmacies', '2,000 people', 'region', 'event', 'customers', 'everyone', 'realization', 'trust', 'beginning', 'story', 'success', '12,000 m', '14,000 pallets', '21 trucks', 'movement', '110,000 parcels', 'month', 'range', 'routes', 'status', 'deliveries', 'destination', '04presseidlogistics', 'rumeurpublique', 'LEED', 'Leadership', 'building', 'acoustic', 'reduction', 'temperature', 'aerosols', 'integrity', 'quality', 'offer', 'ability', 'choice', 'demands', 'ope-rations', 'Director', 'Procurement', 'communities', '7,000 employees', '62 sites', 'country', 'FMCG', 'e-commerce', 'textiles', 'retail', 'portfolio', 'Carrefour', 'Danone', 'Unilever', 'ABInBev', 'Henkel']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38476,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Limited-Half-year-report-46306507/,Volta Finance Limited - Half-year report,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited Publication of the Half-Yearly Financial Reportfor the period from 1 August 2023 to 31 January 2024 NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTOTHE UNITED STATES  Attachment  4.7…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA/VTAS)Publication of the Half-Yearly Financial Reportfor the period from 1 August 2023 to 31 January 2024NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTOTHE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  28 March 2024Volta Finance Limited has published its results for the six month period ended 31 January 2024. The half-yearly financial report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta Finance Limited's website shortly (www.voltafinance.com) and will be uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Olivier PonsOlivier.pons@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 87 30Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A.  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCavendish Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 600 professionals and €824 billion in assets under management as of the end of June 2023.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.25,0.39,0.36,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Half-year report', 'largest European-based asset managers', 'BNP Paribas S.A.', 'François Touati francois', 'high net worth companies', 'alternative investment fund manager', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'multi-expert asset management company', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'similar asset classes', 'National Storage Mechanism', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'diversified investment strategy', 'current market context', 'U.S. persons', 'Half-Yearly Financial Report', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'six month period', 'Olivier Pons Olivier', 'investment management company', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'Cavendish Securities plc', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'THE UNITED STATES', 'structured finance assets', 'The Company', 'Investment objectives', 'Regulation S', 'Company Secretary', 'Main Market', 'AXA IM', 'AXA Group', 'Markets Act', 'investment professionals', 'wealth management', 'financial markets', 'financial protection', 'Directive 2011/61/EU', 'AIFM Directive', 'Financial Services', 'Financial Promotion', 'United Kingdom', 'Corporate Broker', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'stable stream', 'quarterly basis', 'global leader', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'Past performance', 'future performance', 'forward-looking terminology', 'long-term return', 'listed securities', 'Such securities', 'other persons', 'relevant persons', 'press release', 'looking statements', 'credit cycle', '2,600 professionals', 'VTA/VTAS', 'Publication', '1 August', '31 January', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'INTO', '28 March', 'results', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'Shareholders', 'dividends', 'exposure', 'CLO', 'division', 'June', 'capacity', 'meaning', 'portfolio', 'information', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'shares', 'circulation', 'jurisdictions', 'recipient', 'copies', 'document', 'breach', 'limitations', 'restrictions', 'sale', 'circumstances', 'registration', 'exemption', 'portion', 'communication', 'Article', 'Order', 'agreement', 'contents', 'guide', 'use', 'terms', 'level', 'impact', 'investments', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertaintie', '44']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38477,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TME-PHARMA-N-V-31472058/news/TME-Pharma-Provides-Results-of-First-Exercise-of-Warrants-Z-46306459/,TME Pharma Provides Results of First Exercise of Warrants Z,(marketscreener.com) 479 624 Warrants Z were exercised resulting in the issuance of 599 530 new ordinary sharesOutstanding 3 326 104 Warrants Z remain exercisable until June 20  2025  with potential to raise up to an additional €831 526https://www.ma…,"479 624 Warrants Z were exercised resulting in the issuance of 599 530 new ordinary shares Outstanding 3 326 104 Warrants Z remain exercisable until June 20  2025  with potential to raise up to an additional €831 526Regulatory News:TME Pharma N.V. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALTME)  a biotechnology company focused on developing novel therapies for treatment of cancer by targeting the tumor microenvironment (TME)  provides results of the first exercise of Warrants Z and an update on the outstanding number of ordinary shares and Warrants Z as of the settlement date taking place today. The exercise of 479 624 Warrants Z has resulted in the issuance of 599 530 new shares for gross proceeds of €119 906.In the first Warrant Z exercise period  from February 26 to March 22  2024  holders were entitled for every 4 Warrants Z held to subscribe for 5 new shares at €0.20 per share. Following this exercise  3 326 104 outstanding Warrants Z remain with the potential to raise an additional €831 526 if exercised in full before the end of the final exercise period on June 20  2025.The following numbers of TME Pharma securities are thus issued and outstanding:ALTME ordinary shares (ISIN: NL0015000YE1): 28 453 373Warrants Z (ISIN: NL0015001SR3): 3 326 104The second Warrant Z exercise period will run from May 27 to June 21  2024  with settlement on June 28  2024. Warrants Z may be exercised through June 20  2025  with one period of exercise per quarter (six periods of exercise in total; see “Warrant Terms and Conditions” on the TME Rights Issue page for more details). Warrants Z that have not been exercised by the end of the last exercise period will become null and void.Additional InformationThe characteristics  terms and conditions and dilution resulting from the transaction are summarized in the press releases published on November 24  2023  November 28  2023  and February 23  2024  and in the dedicated Rights Issue page on the TME Pharma website.DilutionThe table below summarizes the dilution from the new ordinary shares issued today  and the maximum additional dilutive potential for an investor who did NOT participate in the transaction should all potential Warrants Z be exercised. Shareholders who participated fully in the transaction will not be diluted by this transaction.Description Shares to be issued Total shares outstanding Dilution (cumulative) Shareholder starting with 1% on Mar 27  2024  would then hold Outstanding shares on March 27  2024 - 27 853 843 - 1% Shares Issued on March 28  2024  from exercise of 479 624 Warrants Z 599 530 28 453 373 2.11% 0.98% Exercise of outstanding Warrant Z (latest on June 20  2025) 4 157 630 32 611 003 14.59% 0.85%About TME PharmaTME Pharma is a clinical-stage company focused on developing novel therapies for treatment of the most aggressive cancers. The company’s oncology-focused pipeline is designed to act on the tumor microenvironment (TME) and the cancer immunity cycle by breaking tumor protection barriers against the immune system and blocking tumor repair. By neutralizing chemokines in the TME  TME Pharma’s approach works in combination with other forms of treatment to weaken tumor defenses and enable greater therapeutic impact. In the GLORIA clinical trial  TME Pharma is studying its lead drug candidate NOX-A12 in newly diagnosed brain cancer patients who will not benefit clinically from standard chemotherapy. TME Pharma has delivered top-line data from the NOX-A12 three dose-escalation cohorts combined with radiotherapy of the GLORIA clinical trial  observing consistent tumor reductions and objective tumor responses. Additionally  GLORIA expansion arms evaluate safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in other combinations where the interim results from the triple combination of NOX-A12  radiotherapy and bevacizumab suggest even deeper and more durable responses  and improved survival. NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy has received orphan drug designation for glioblastoma in the United States and glioma in Europe. TME Pharma has delivered final top-line data with encouraging overall survival and safety profile from its NOX-A12 combination trial with Keytruda® in metastatic colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients  which was published in the Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer in October 2021. The company has entered in its second collaboration with MSD/Merck for its Phase 2 study  OPTIMUS  to further evaluate safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in combination with Merck’s Keytruda® and two different chemotherapy regimens as second-line therapy in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer. The design of the trial has been approved in France  Spain and the United States. The company’s second clinical-stage drug candidate  NOX-E36  is designed to target the innate immune system. TME Pharma is considering several solid tumors for further clinical development. Further information can be found at: www.tmepharma.com.TME Pharma® and the TME Pharma logo are registered trademarks.Keytruda® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp.Visit TME Pharma on LinkedIn and Twitter.About the GLORIA StudyGLORIA (NCT04121455) is TME Pharma’s dose-escalation  Phase 1/2 study of NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy in first-line partially resected or unresected glioblastoma (brain cancer) patients with unmethylated MGMT promoter (resistant to standard chemotherapy). GLORIA further evaluates safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 three additional arms combining NOX-A12 with: A. radiotherapy in patients with complete tumor resection; B. radiotherapy and bevacizumab; and C. radiotherapy and pembrolizumab.About the OPTIMUS StudyOPTIMUS (NCT04901741) is TME Pharma’s planned open-label two-arm Phase 2 study of NOX-A12 combined with pembrolizumab and nanoliposomal irinotecan/5-FU/leucovorin or gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in microsatellite-stable metastatic pancreatic cancer patients.DisclaimerTranslations of any press release into languages other than English are intended solely as a convenience to the non-English-reading audience. The company has attempted to provide an accurate translation of the original text in English  but due to the nuances in translating into another language  slight differences may exist. This press release includes certain disclosures that contain ""forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are based on TME Pharma’s current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties  risks and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include  but are not limited to  the risks inherent in oncology drug development  including clinical trials and the timing of and TME Pharma’s ability to obtain regulatory approvals for NOX-A12 as well as any other drug candidates. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are made as of this date  and TME Pharma undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328437122/en/",neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['TME Pharma', 'First Exercise', 'Warrants Z', 'Results', 'dedicated Rights Issue page', 'second Warrant Z exercise period', 'first Warrant Z exercise period', 'two different chemotherapy regimens', 'TME Rights Issue page', 'NOX-A12 three dose-escalation cohorts', 'second clinical-stage drug candidate', 'TME Pharma N.V.', 'lead drug candidate', 'orphan drug designation', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'greater therapeutic impact', 'GLORIA expansion arms', 'several solid tumors', 'outstanding Warrant Z', 'final exercise period', 'last exercise period', 'tumor protection barriers', 'consistent tumor reductions', 'cancer immunity cycle', 'GLORIA clinical trial', 'final top-line data', 'encouraging overall survival', 'innate immune system', 'objective tumor responses', 'metastatic pancreatic cancer', 'brain cancer patients', 'pancreatic cancer patients', 'TME Pharma securities', 'TME Pharma website', 'TME Pharma logo', 'additional dilutive potential', '599,530 new ordinary shares', '3,326,104 outstanding Warrants Z', 'ALTME ordinary shares', 'potential Warrants Z', 'NOX-A12 combination trial', 'first exercise', 'second collaboration', 'one period', 'Warrant Terms', 'standard chemotherapy', '479,624 Warrants Z', '104 Warrants Z', '599,530 new shares', '5 new shares', 'clinical development', 'TME Pharma®', 'Outstanding shares', 'Additional Information', 'durable responses', 'metastatic colorectal', 'tumor microenvironment', 'tumor repair', 'tumor defenses', 'outstanding number', 'clinical-stage company', 'Description Shares', 'Regulatory News', 'novel therapies', 'gross proceeds', 'following numbers', 'six periods', 'press releases', 'cumulative) Shareholder', 'aggressive cancers', 'oncology-focused pipeline', 'other forms', 'other combinations', 'United States', 'Phase 2 study', 'second-line therapy', 'Further information', 'registered trademark', 'Dohme Corp', 'Total shares', 'outstanding Dilution', 'triple combination', 'settlement date', 'interim results', 'Merck Sharp', 'biotechnology company', 'safety profile', '1% Shares', 'issuance', 'June', 'treatment', 'update', 'place', 'February', 'March', 'holders', 'end', 'ISIN', 'NL0015000YE', 'NL0015001SR', 'May', 'quarter', 'Conditions', 'details', 'characteristics', 'transaction', 'November', 'table', 'maximum', 'investor', 'chemokines', 'approach', 'radiotherapy', 'efficacy', 'bevacizumab', 'deeper', 'glioblastoma', 'glioma', 'Europe', 'Keytruda®', 'Journal', 'ImmunoTherapy', 'October', 'MSD/Merck', 'OPTIMUS', 'France', 'Spain', 'NOX-E36', 'tmepharma', 'trademarks', 'LinkedIn']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38478,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROGROUP-LAMINATIONS-S-P-150653353/news/EuroGroup-Laminations-S-p-A-FY-2023-Results-46307215/,EuroGroup Laminations S p A : FY 2023 Results -March 28  2024 at 03:54 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE 2023 ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT   EBITDA Adjusted at Euro 116 million  profit for the year at Euro 39 million  dividend distribution proposal of Euro 0.042 per share   •   Revenues of € 836 m…,"THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE 2023 ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORTEBITDA Adjusted at Euro 116 million  profit for the year at Euro 39 million  dividend distribution proposal of Euro 0.042 per share•Revenues of € 836 million vs € 851 million in 2022 (-1.8%)•EBITDA Adjusted1 of € 116 million vs € 104 million in 2022 (+11.6%)•EBIT of € 80 milion vs € 77 milion in 2022 (+4.1%)•Profit for the year €39 million vs €44 million in 2022 (-11.8%)•Dividend distribution proposal of € 0.042 per share (about € 6.8 million of total dividend distribution) and new dividend policy• Further growth and diversification of EV & Automotive order backlog and pipeline as of February 29  2024 at 6.4 billion and 5.2 billion respectively2 through acquisition of new customers including 2 Chinese and 1 European OEMsBaranzate (MI)  28 March 2024 - The Board of Directors of EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A. (""EuroGroup Laminations"" or the ""Group"" or the ""Company"") - a world leader in the design  manufacture and distribution of stators and rotors for electric motors and generators - approved the Group's Annual Financial Report and the draft of the separate financial statements of EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A. for the financial year ending 31 December 2023.Marco Arduini  CEO of EuroGroup Laminations  commented: ""Thanks to the 2023 performance we announce the first dividend distribution as a listed company. In addition  the Board of Directors has approved a flexible and sustainable dividend policy consistent with our growth and investment plan. We confirm our commitment to create value for shareholders and our confidence in the company's future prospects"".MAIN CONSOLIDATED ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL RESULTS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2023Thousands of euro FY 2023 FY 2022 % change Revenues 835 942 851 112 (1.8%) EBITDA Adjusted 115 983 103 909 +11.6% EBIT 80 327 77 177 +4.1% Profit for the year 38 608 43 778 (11.8%) Net financial Debt 110 786 259 377 (57.3%) Equity 459 187 195 625 +134.7%Revenues in 2023 were € 835.9 million  down slightly by 1.8% from 2022 (€ 851.1 million). The in-line result was driven by solid growth in the EV & Automotive segment  which almost completely offset the contraction in the Industrial segment.Consolidated results by operating segment:Thousands of euro FY 2023 FY 2022 % change EV & Automotive 477 294 317 932 50.1%1 Net of non-recurring IPO  DS4 related transaction and HR costs2 Orders in place as of Feb-24 for the period 2024E-2029E (70 months rolling)1Industrial 358 648 533 180 (32.7%) Total Revenues 835 942 851 112 (1.8%)The EV & Automotive segment recorded revenues of € 477.3 million  up 50.1% from 2022 (€ 317.9 million)  mainly thanks to increased production volumes on new projects related to the growing demand for EV products  consistent with the execution and expansion of the order book  thus confirming the Group's leadership in its key markets. The Industrial segment recorded revenues of € 358.6 million  compared to € 533.2 million in the same period of 2022 (-32.7% y/y). The decline in revenues was mainly due to the continued reduction in volumes as a result of the ongoing de-stocking process carried on by the Group's customers  as well as the decline in raw material prices  which intensified from the second quarter of the year  and regulatory uncertainty for some sub-segments (e.g.  heat pumps). The de-stocking process carried out by the Industrial segment customers is expected to continue at least until mid-year in Europe  partly due to the worsening economic context  while the North American market is expected to improve in 2024 based on what was recorded in the last months of 2023.Consolidated revenues by region:Thousands of euro FY 2023 FY 2022 % change EMEA 456 323 501 176 (8.9%) of which in Italy 449 111 487 954 (8.0%) North America 328 245 305 390 7.5% of which in Mexico 273 617 203 499 34.5% of which in the USA 54 628 101 891 (46.4%) Asia 51 374 44 546 15.3% of which in China 51 374 44 541 15.3% Total Revenues 835 942 851 112 (1.8%)Revenues in EMEA were € 456.3 million (€ 501.2 million in 2022)  down 8.9%; revenues in North America were € 328.2 million (€ 305.4 million in 2022)  up 7.5%  thanks to sustained demand in the EV & Automotive segment  which more than offset lower volumes in the Industrial segment.Revenues in Mexico were € 273.6 million (€ 203.5 million in 2022) thanks to the strong performance of the EV & Automotive segment. Revenues from the United States (which are entirely related to the Industrial segment) were € 54.6 million (€ 101.9 million in 2022) with a reduction due to the combined and lasting effect of lower volumes  particularly in the Home  Energy  HVAC and Other Industrial sub-segments  and the significant reduction in steel prices.Revenues in the Asian region  in which the EV and Automotive Segment revenues now represent the majority of the total  amounted to € 51.4 million  a significant increase over the previous year (€ 44.5 million in 2022) due in part to the start of production of new projects for the EV & Automotive segment.EBITDA Adjusted net of non-recurring IPO  DS4 acquisition and HR costs  in 2023 was € 116.0 million  up 11.6 percent from the previous year (€ 103.9 million) with an EBITDA Adjusted Margin at 13.9%  a marked improvement from 12.2% recorded in 2022. The improvement in consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Margin reflects the shift in business mix  with the EV &Automotive segment having higher margin than the Industrial segment  and also the effects of further operational efficiency actions initiated in the third quarter of 2023 combined with operational synergies between the two business units.EBITDA Adjusted3 by operating segment: in 2023  the EBITDA Adjusted of the EV &Automotive segment amounted to € 72.3 million (+69.4% compared to € 42.7 million in 2022) with an Adjusted EBITDA Margin of 15.1%  a significant improvement from 13.4% in 2022  thanks to the growth in production volumes and the continuation of the various ramp-ups already initiated. The Adjusted EBITDA of the industrial segment stood at € 43.7 million (down 28.6% from € 61.3 million in 2022)  with an Adjusted EBITDA Margin of 12.2%  higher than the 11.5% in2022. The effect of lower production volumes on the Adjusted EBITDA Margin of the industrial segment was limited thanks to the Group's ability to synergistically manage business fluctuations between the two business segments  while the pass-through mechanism offset the negative impact of raw material deflation on the top line.EBIT in 2023 was € 80.3 million compared to € 77.2 million in 2022 (+4.1%)  with the EBITMargin increasing from 9.1% in 2022 to 9.6% in 2023. The performance benefits from the evolution of the business mix despite the increase in depreciation and amortization  from € 26.1 in 2022 to € 33.7 in 2023  mainly due to the advancement of the investment plan to support business growth in the EV & Automotive segment.Profit for the year 2023 reached € 38.6 million  a decrease of 11.8% compared to 2022 (€ 43.8 million)  due to the increase of the net financial expenses  which include also € 6.4 million of unrealized forex losses. The Profit attributable to the Group has been equal to € 34.1 million  compared to € 39.3 million in 2022.Order backlog and pipeline: the EV & Automotive segment order backlog reached an estimated value of € 6.4 billion  thanks to the receipt of orders in all of geographies during the year of 2023  including 2 new Chinese and one new European OEMs  plus € 5.2 billion in the pipeline as of February 29  20244 significantly growing from the € 5 billion and € 2.5 billion respectively at the time of the IPO.Financial positionIn 2023  net capital expenditures (CAPEX) amounted to € 95.8 million  an increase of 12.6% compared to the same period of the previous year (€ 85.1 million) to support the Group's expansion plans  mainly related to the EV & Automotive segment (about 80% of total investments made).As of December 31  2023  Net Trade Working Capital was € 179.1 million (€ 157.0 million as of December 31  2022) compared to €248.8 million as of September 30  2023 and € 253.6 million as of June 30  2023  mainly attributable to the increase in inventories needed to support major EV & Automotive projects in ramp-up phase in Europe and China expected by the end of 2023 and actually started in early 2024.Net financial debt as of December 31  2023 decreased by € 148.6 million compared to December 31  2022 (€ 259.4 million) to € 110.8 million  resulting in an improvement in leverage (1.0x as of December 31  2023  compared to 2.5x as of December 31  2022). The trend is mainly due to the effect of proceeds from the listing process completed in February 2023  despite the absorption of working capital and increased operating investments to support growth.Excluding the effect of the DS4 acquisition and the buyback program  the Net financial debt would be around € 90 million.3 Net of non-recurring IPO  DS4 acquisition and HR costs4 Orders in place as of Feb-24 for the period 2024E-2029E (70 months rolling)MAIN FINANCIAL RESULTS OF EUROGROUP LAMINATIONS S.P.A.'S SEPARATE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR 2023In 2023  revenues of EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A. amounted to € 9.8 million compared to € 10.6 million in the previous year. EBIT stood at € -1.2 million compared to € 1.1 million in 2022. Profit for the year amounted to € 4.6 million compared to € 2.2 million in 2022.PROPOSED ALLOCATION OF PROFIT FOR THE YEARFor the financial year ending 31 December 2023  the Board of Directors resolved to propose to the shareholders' meeting the distribution of a dividend of € 0.042 per share entitled to profits (excluding treasury shares held by the Company)  corresponding to a total of around € 6.8 million  while noting that any change in the number of treasury shares held by the Company at the time of distribution will not affect the amount of the dividend per share as established above  but it will increase or decrease the amount allocated to retained earnings. The dividend will be proposed for payment on 22 May 2024 (ex-dividend date 20 May 2024 and record date 21 May 2024).The Board of Directors also resolved to adopt a dividend distribution policy with reference to the subsequent financial years of the 2023-2026 plan. The objective of this policy is to distribute dividends for an amount of up to 20% of the profit from ordinary operations (net of any disposals  divestments or other extraordinary transactions) resulting from the Company's statutory financial statements  consistent with the group's growth needs and the implementation of the business plan and subject to the group's strategic investment plans  financial and investment needs and in compliance  inter alia  with any limitations provided  from time to time  by the contractual documentation regulating the group's financial debt and provided that there are distributable profits and/or reserves resulting from the Company's statutory financial statements. This policy will be implemented by the board of directors carefully evaluating all these circumstances and will in any case be submitted to the shareholders' meeting for approval in each and every circumstance.SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING THE YEAROn February 10  2023  EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A. completed the process of listing its ordinary shares on Euronext Milan following (i) the provision of admission to listing on Euronext Milan of the shares  and the provision of admission to trading of the Company's shares  issued by Borsa Italiana on January 31  2023 and February 8  2023  respectively; and (ii) the communication by the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (""CONSOB"") of the measure of approval of the Prospectus relating to the admission to listing on Euronext Milan  a market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S p.A.  of the ordinary shares of EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A..On August 2  2023  the Group signed a binding agreement with Angelo Petrogalli to purchase 100% of the shares of DS4 S.r.l. (""DS4"")  a company based in Pedrengo (BG) and active in the design and implementation of custom software and hardware with applications in the field of industrial automation.The transaction was closed on October 9  2023  following the receipt of clearance from the Italian government under the golden power regulations. The process of integration of DS4 with the Group was then initiated to serve the extraction of operational synergies envisaged in the growth plan.On September 27  the Group announced the start of the share buyback program authorized by the Shareholders' Meeting on July 20  with the goal of reaching 3 percent of the Group's total shares by June 2024.As of the date of this press release  the Company holds 4 763 725 treasury shares  equal to2.841% of the share capital.SIGNIFICANT SUBSEQUENT EVENTSOn January 12  2024  the inauguration of the new plant in Mexico for the production of stators and rotors for the EV & Automotive segment took place.On January 17  2024  the Group announced that it has acquired the status of a listed SME under the CONSOB regulation approved with decision n. 11971 of the 14th of May 1999  while on January 18 2024 the Group announced its membership in the United Nations Global Compact.On January 24  2024  the Group's Board of Directors co-opted Dr. Axel Volker Dill  the new CEO of the Industrial division  as director following the resignation of another director.On February 20  2024  the Group announced the award of a significant development contract with a public contribution from the Ministry of Enterprise and Made in Italy totaling €13.1 million to cover research and industrialization activities in Italian plants in the coming years.BUSINESS OUTLOOKGiven the evolution observed in the dynamics of the two business segments  with the robust development expected for EV & Automotive with the expectation of around 20 start of production by 2025  with weak demand and negative raw materials' price effects in Europe in 1H '24  recovery in North America and growth in Asia for the Industrial segment  with persistent consolidated profitability  and consistently with the execution of EV & Automotive capacity expansion plan  the 2024 Guidance5 include:• Revenues: 900-960 € Mln• EBITDA: 120-130 € Mln• CAPEX: about 80€ Mln• Net Trade Working Capital: 180-200 € MlnGiven what specified above  the medium-term targets5 are:• Revenues: growth with 2024-2026 CAGR6 between 24% and 27%• EBITDA: growth with 2024-2026 CAGR6 between 24% and 27%• CAPEX: approximately 140 € Mln in cumulative investments to 2025 and 2026FURTHER RESOLUTIONS PASSED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSApproval of the Annual Report on Corporate Governance and of the Ownership Structures  of the remuneration report and of the consolidated non-financial statementThe Board of Directors reviewed and approved the Annual Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure  the Remuneration Report pursuant to Article 123-ter of Legislative Decree 58/98 (TUF)  and the Consolidated Non-Financial Statement (NFS) pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016  included in the 2023 Annual Integrated Report. The reports will be made available to the public within the terms and in the manner required by current regulations.5 2024 Guidance and Mid-term targets not including potential M&A transactions6 Compounded Annual Growth RateCall of the ordinary shareholders' meetingThe Board of Directors resolved to call the Shareholders' Meeting for 6 May 2024 to resolve on the following items on the agenda:1. Separate Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements as of 31 December 2023;1.1. Approval of the Financial Statements of EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A. as of 31 December 2023  and presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements as of 31 December 2023  accompanied by the Directors' Report on Operations for the year 2023  the Report of the Board of Statutory Auditors  and the Independent Auditors' Reports. Related and consequent resolutions. Submission of the consolidated non-financial statement prepared pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016. Related and consequent resolutions;1.2. Allocation of the result for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. Related and consequent resolutions;2. Report on the remuneration policy and compensation paid pursuant to Article 123-ter  paragraphs 3-bis and 6  of Legislative Decree 58/98;2.1. Binding resolution on the first section on remuneration policy prepared pursuant to Article 123-ter  paragraph 3  of Legislative Decree no. 58/1998;2.2. Non-binding resolution on the second section on remuneration prepared pursuant to Article 123-ter  paragraph 4  of Legislative Decree no. 58/1998;3. Appointment of a director following resignation and co-optation pursuant to Article 2386 of the Italian Civil Code and Article 13.4 of the Articles of Association; related and consequent resolutions;4. Approval of the new regulation for the conduct of the shareholders' meeting.For more information see the Notice of Call  accompanied by all the information required by Article 125-bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance  and the documentation that will be submitted to the Shareholders' Meeting pursuant to Articles 125-ter and 125-quater of the Consolidated Law on Finance  which will be made available to the public within the terms of law at the Company's registered office  Via Stella Rosa 48  20021 Baranzate (MI)  and on the Company's websitehttps://euro-group.it/ ""Governance - Shareholders' Meetings"" section. An abstract of the Notice of Call will also be published on an Italian national newspaper within the terms of law.***Pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the Consolidated Finance Act  the manager in charge of preparing the company's accounting documents  Isidoro Guardalà  declares that the accounting information contained in this press release corresponds to the documented results  books and accounting records.***The income statement  balance sheet and financial position information was prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (""IFRS"") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (""IASB"") and endorsed by the European Union.In this document  in addition to the financial measures envisaged by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  a number of measures derived from the latter are presented even though they are not envisaged by IFRS (Non-GAAP Measures) in line with ESMA's guidelines on Alternative Performance Indicators (ESMA/2015/1415 Guidelines  adopted by Consob with Notice no. 92543 of 3 December 2015) published on 5 October 2015. These measures are presented in order to enable a better assessment of the Group's operating performance and should not be regarded as alternatives to IFRS.***The Draft Financial Statements of EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A. and the Group'sConsolidated Financial Statements as of 31 December 2023 approved by the Board ofDirectors today will be available to the public as per the relevant regulations at the company's registered office at Via Stella Rosa 48  20021 Baranzate (MI)  as well as published on the Company's website athttps://euro-group.it/ Investor section.***ATTACHMENTS: Attached to this press release are the consolidated and separate financial statements (EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A.)  statement of financial position  income statement and statement of cash flows as of 31 December 2023  currently being audited by the auditing company.***The press release is available on the Group's websitehttps://euro-group.it/ in the Investors/Press Release section  as well as on the authorized storage devicewww.1info.it.FOR FURTHER INFORMATION EUROGROUP LAMINATIONS - INVESTOR RELATIONS Matteo Picconeri | Investor Relations Manager |ir@euro-group.it PRESS OFFICE | COMMUNITY - COMMUNICATION ADVISORS Giulia Polvara |giulia.polvara@community.it | T. +39 334 2823 514 Valeria Longo |valeria.longo@community.it | T. +39 351 1410 677ABOUT EUROGROUP LAMINATIONSEuroGroup Laminations is a world leader in the design  production and distribution of the motor core (stators and rotors) for electric motors and generators. The Group's business is organized along two segments: (i) EV & AUTOMOTIVE  which designs and produces the motor core of electric motors used in electric vehicle traction  as well as a wide range of non-traction automotive applications; and (ii) INDUSTRIAL  which designs and manufactures products used in various applications including among others industrial applications  home automation  HVAC equipment  wind energy  logistics and pumps. With registered office in Baranzate (MI)  EuroGroupLaminations recorded revenues of approximately € 836 million in 2023  currently has a workforce of approximately 3 000 employees  8 production plants in Italy and 6 abroad (2 in Mexico  2 in China  1 in the United States and 1 in Tunisia) and an Order Book for the EV & AUTOMOTIVE segment with an estimated value of approximately € 6.4 billion  and a pipeline of orders under discussion at approximately € 5.2 billion.Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as of 31 December 2023(Amounts in thousands of Euro) 31 December 2023 of which with related parties 31 December 2022 of which with related parties Goodwill 10 543 - Intangible assets 7 517 2 774 Tangible assets 269 341 206 550 Rights of use 61 122 29 706 55 115 33 158 Non-current financial assets and 3 649 5 931 receivables Deferred tax assets 20 810 23 325 Other non-current assets 2 241 1 834 TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 375 223 295 529 Inventories 357 044 335 733 Trade receivables 117 544 150 150 573 43 Cash and cash equivalents 204 836 116 503 Other current assets and receivables 66 710 53 499 Current financial assets and receivables 50 736 5 684 5 684 Tax receivables 3 188 4 223 Total current assets 800 058 666 215 TOTAL ASSETS 1 175 281 961 744 Share capital 6 112 6 112 Share premium reserve 270 288 34 410 Other reserves (4 016) 4 963 Retained earnings 151 966 118 020 Total Group's equity 424 350 163 505 Total equity of third parties 34 837 32 120 Total equity 459 187 195 625 Non-current financial liabilities 167 589 190 778 Financial liabilities from non-current 40 117 26 888 41 202 23 568 rights of use Employee benefits 4 657 119 4 070 49 Provisions for risks and charges 637 1 230 Deferred tax liabilities 17 811 12 825 Other non-current liabilities 6 802 5 085 549 Total non-current liabilities 237 613 255 190 Current financial liabilities 147 303 142 279 Financial liabilities from current rights of 11 178 3 518 7 192 2 571 use Trade payables 295 448 1 448 329 292 Tax liabilities 999 9 849 Other current liabilities 23 553 586 22 317 685 Total current liabilities 478 481 510 929 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 1 175 281 961 744Consolidated Income Statement as of 31 December 2023(Amount in thousands of Euro) 31 December 2023 of which with related parties 31 December 2022 of which with related parties Revenues 835 942 289 851 112 126 Other revenues and income 4 006 5 270 Changes in inventories of finished and semi-finished products 24 436 37 345 Raw material costs (545 895) (576 657) Costs for services (94 596) (3 034) (98 714) (2 318) Personnel costs (107 821) (3 280) (105 990) (5 531) Other operating expenses (2 015) (1) (4 942) (1) Impairment of fixed assets - (4 946) Depreciation and amortisation (33 730) (4 547) (26 091) (2 694) Operating profit 80 327 76 387 Financial expenses (24 199) (716) (14 117) (405) Financial income 5 746 12 2 561 90 Exchange gains (losses) (6 432) (1 213) Profit before tax 55 442 63 618 Taxes (16 834) (19 840) Profit for the year 38 608 43 778 Profit attributable to the Group 34 057 39 287 Profit attributable to third parties 4 551 4 491 Earnings per share 0.21 0.32Consolidated Cash Flow Statement as of 31 December 2023(Amounts in thousands of Euro) 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 Profit for the period 38 608 43 778 Income taxes 16 834 19 840 Depreciation and amortisation 33 730 26 091 Difference between pension contributions paid and pension charges (500) (169) Financial income (5 746) (2 561) Financial expenses 24 199 14 117 Capital (gains)/losses from the disposal of tangible assets (71) - Net changes in provisions for risks and charges (275) 828 Provision for bad debts 702 1 712 Inventory write-down 1 100 13 778 Share-based compensation expenses 273 2 161 Impairment of fixed assets - 4 946 Cash flow before changes in Net Working Capital 108 854 124 521 (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables 35 225 (55 266) (Increase)/decrease in inventories (20 016) (129 563) Increase/(decrease) in trade payables (46 002) 89 082 Increase/(decrease) in tax payables 5 162 (6 771) (Increase)/decrease in other receivables (14 936) (27 004) Increase/(decrease) in other payables (1 154) (13 395) Cash flow after changes in Net Working Capital 67 133 (18 396) Income taxes paid (19 879) (2 452) Cash flow from operating activities (A) 47 254 (20 848) (Investments) in tangible assets (94 245) (84 354) Disposal of tangible assets 300 - (Investments) in intangible assets (1 576) (754) (Investments) in current financial assets (50 603) - (Investments) in non-current financial assets (945) - Business combination (12 041) - Interests collected 5 669 455 Dividends received 43 - Cash flow from investing activities (B) (153 398) (84 653) Equity increase 243 750 - Purchase of own shares (6 511) - New bank loans 37 442 108 756 Repayment of bank loans (32 773) (63 034) Increase in current financial liabilities 32 951 66 901 Repayment of current financial liabilities (57 605) (12 647) Change in scope of consolidation - 6 580 Collection of financial receivables 6 641 - Repayments of financial liabilities arising from leases (10 821) (9 863) Dividends paid (1 002) (5 329) Interests paid (20 834) (12 162) Cash flow from financing activities (C) 191 238 79 202 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C) 85 094 (26 299) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 116 503 137 662 Effect of changes in exchange rates 3 239 5 140 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 204 836 116 50310",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.38,True,English,"['EuroGroup Laminations S', 'FY 2023 Results', 'March', '03:54', 'EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A.', '2023 ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT', 'sustainable dividend policy', 'DS4 related transaction', 'worsening economic context', 'dividend distribution proposal', 'Annual Financial Report', 'separate financial statements', 'first dividend distribution', 'raw material prices', 'MAIN CONSOLIDATED ECONOMIC', 'North American market', 'new dividend policy', 'ongoing de-stocking process', 'Automotive order backlog', 'total dividend distribution', 'Net financial Debt', 'Other Industrial sub-segments', 'The Industrial segment', 'Industrial segment customers', 'Automotive Segment revenues', 'FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'order book', 'steel prices', 'Consolidated results', 'new customers', 'operating segment', 'new projects', '1 European OEMs', 'world leader', 'electric motors', 'Marco Arduini', 'investment plan', 'future prospects', 'FY 2022 % change', 'non-recurring IPO', 'HR costs', 'growing demand', 'key markets', 'second quarter', 'regulatory uncertainty', 'heat pumps', 'sustained demand', 'United States', 'lasting effect', 'significant increase', 'financial year', 'lower volumes', 'Further growth', 'solid growth', 'continued reduction', 'Consolidated revenues', 'significant reduction', 'euro FY', 'line result', 'same period', 'last months', 'strong performance', 'Asian region', 'listed company', 'Total Revenues', 'previous year', 'production volumes', 'The EV', 'EV products', '2023 performance', '70 months', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'EBITDA', 'profit', 'share', 'diversification', 'pipeline', 'February', 'acquisition', '2 Chinese', 'Baranzate', 'design', 'manufacture', 'stators', 'rotors', 'generators', 'draft', 'CEO', 'addition', 'flexible', 'commitment', 'value', 'confidence', '31 DECEMBER', 'Thousands', 'Equity', 'contraction', '2 Orders', 'place', 'execution', 'expansion', 'leadership', 'decline', 'mid-year', 'EMEA', 'Italy', 'Mexico', 'China', 'combined', 'Home', 'Energy', 'HVAC', 'majority', 'part', 'start', '€']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38479,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAAT-PHARMA-128358114/news/MaaT-Pharma-Announces-2023-Annual-Results-and-Provides-a-Business-Overview-46313390/,MaaT Pharma Announces 2023 Annual Results and Provides a Business Overview,(marketscreener.com) The DSMB  based on Phase 3 trial ARES preliminary data  concluded that MaaT013 has a favorable benefit/risk ratio with “high efficacy and low toxicity” in 3rd line aGvHD1. This evaluation confirms previous ones in a similar patient popu…,The DSMB  based on Phase 3 trial ARES preliminary data  concluded that MaaT013 has a favorable benefit/risk ratio with “high efficacy and low toxicity” in 3rd line aGvHD1. This evaluation confirms previous ones in a similar patient population from the EAP2. Primary endpoint ORR now expected in mid Q4 2024. Good safety profile and positive efficacy results with 47% overall survival (OS) at 12 months for all patients with aGvHD (n=111) and 52% for patient subgroup within the EAP with a similar profile to those in the ARES trial presented at ASH 2023. Long term follow-up data at EBMT conference 2024. Ongoing recruitment for Phase 2b trial PHOEBUS investigating MaaT033’s impact on OS in allo-HSCT patients. Completion of recruitment in March 2024 for Phase 2a trial PICASSO sponsored by AP-HP3  evaluating MaaT013 in combination with ICI in metastatic melanoma. Results expected end of 2024 or Q1 2025. First positive preclinical data for MaaT034  an AI-generated co-cultured product aimed at improving responses to ICI  presented at SITC conference 2023. New preclinical data at AACR conference 2024. Completion of the largest European cGMP manufacturing facility for Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies with first batches produced. FDA lifted the clinical hold and cleared the IND application for MaaT013 in patients with aGvHD; EMA granted ODD to MaaT033 to improve OS in patients undergoing allo-HSCT. As of December 31  2023  cash and cash equivalents were €24.3 million  anticipated cash runway now set for end of Q3 2024. Revenues of €2.2 million for 2023  the highest revenues generated from the EAP so far.Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to enhancing survival of patients with cancer  today reported the full-year 2023 annual results and provided a business overview.“As we reflect on the achievements of 2023  I am proud to announce that we have successfully delivered on milestones across our entire pipeline  while being cash conscious. This past year has been pivotal  laying the foundations for the next phase of development for our lead asset MaaT013 with completion of the Phase 3 and readiness for commercialization. We look forward to reaching new milestones in 2024 and anticipate a major inflection point with the publication of the primary endpoint of our Phase 3. By relying on our team and our network of physicians  and continuing to work closely with regulators  we anticipate continuing to create value for our shareholders and make significant progress in bringing new therapeutic options for patients with cancer ” states Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma.Pipeline highlightsMET-NMaaT013In hemato-oncology:In April 2023   the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifted the clinical hold and cleared the Investigational New Drug (IND) application for MaaT013 in patients with aGvHD 4 . The Company has engaged active discussions with prominent US clinicians in the field of stem cell transplantation to explore the most efficient path forward to introduce MaaT013 to patients in the United States.  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifted the clinical hold and cleared the Investigational New Drug (IND) application for MaaT013 in patients with aGvHD . The Company has engaged active discussions with prominent US clinicians in the field of stem cell transplantation to explore the most efficient path forward to introduce MaaT013 to patients in the United States. In July 2023   the Company announced that clinical data from its Phase 2 study assessing MaaT013 as a treatment for aGvHD was published in eClinicalMedicine  one of the Lancet Discovery Science suite of journals.  the Company announced that clinical data from its Phase 2 study assessing MaaT013 as a treatment for aGvHD was published in eClinicalMedicine  one of the Lancet Discovery Science suite of journals. In October 2023   the Company announced that the DSMB 5 unanimously recommended that the open-label  single arm pivotal Phase 3 ARES clinical trial (NCT04769895)  evaluating MaaT013 in aGvHD  continue without modification. The Overall Response Rate (ORR) was superior to pre-defined protocol assumptions. Therefore  the DSMB concluded that the benefit/risk ratio with “high efficacy and low toxicity” was favorable in this patient population. Primary endpoint  gastrointestinal overall response rate (GI-ORR)  is now expected mid Q4 2024.  the Company announced that the DSMB unanimously recommended that the open-label  single arm pivotal Phase 3 ARES clinical trial (NCT04769895)  evaluating MaaT013 in aGvHD  continue without modification. The Overall Response Rate (ORR) was superior to pre-defined protocol assumptions. Therefore  the DSMB concluded that the benefit/risk ratio with was favorable in this patient population. Primary endpoint  gastrointestinal overall response rate (GI-ORR)  is now expected mid Q4 2024. In December 2023   the Company presented positive results from the Early Access Program (EAP) in Europe involving 111 patients with aGvHD treated with MaaT013  at the 2023 American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting. The GI-ORR was 54% at day 28  positively and significantly impacting overall survival (OS) with 47% OS at 12 months for all patients with aGvHD and 52% for a patient subgroup from the EAP with a similar profile to those in the ARES trial with GI-ORR of 61% and 58% of complete responses observed at day 28.  the Company presented positive results from the Early Access Program (EAP) in Europe involving 111 patients with aGvHD treated with MaaT013  at the 2023 American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting. The GI-ORR was 54% at day 28  positively and significantly impacting overall survival (OS) with 47% OS at 12 months for all patients with aGvHD and 52% for a patient subgroup from the EAP with a similar profile to those in the ARES trial with GI-ORR of 61% and 58% of complete responses observed at day 28. As a post period event  in March 2024   the Company announced that it will present for the first time extended results that include OS data after 12 months in more aGvHD patients from its EAP that were treated with MaaT013. The data will be shared during an oral presentation at the 50 th Annual Meeting of the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation held in Glasgow  UK  from April 14-17  2024.  the Company announced that it will present for the first time extended results that include OS data after 12 months in more aGvHD patients from its EAP that were treated with MaaT013. The data will be shared during an oral presentation at the 50 Annual Meeting of the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation held in Glasgow  UK  from April 14-17  2024. As a post period event  the Company announces the launch of a retrospective multicenter trial called CHRONOS in Europe. Its objective is to provide the Company efficacy data for 3rd-line therapies for patients not receiving MaaT013 or any Microbiome intervention. This retrospective study does not impact cash projections as funding is already secured.In immuno-oncology:As a post period event  in March 2024   the Company informed on the completion of patient recruitment for the Phase 2a clinical trial (NCT04988841) sponsored by AP-HP and in collaboration with INRAe6 and Institut Gustave Roussy7  evaluating MaaT013  the Company’s lead product candidate  in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI)  ipilimumab (Yervoy®) and nivolumab (Opdivo®) in ICI naïve patients with metastatic melanoma. Having reached this key recruitment milestone  the first publication will be submitted at the end of 2024 or in the first quarter of 2025.MaaT033In hemato-oncology:In April 2023   data from the Phase 1b study (CIMON) with MaaT033  previously communicated during the 64 th annual ASH meeting  were also presented at the EBMT 2023 conference.  data from the Phase 1b study (CIMON) with MaaT033  previously communicated during the 64 annual ASH meeting  were also presented at the EBMT 2023 conference. In September 2023   the Company announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) had granted orphan drug designation (ODD) to MaaT033  which is aimed at improving overall survival in patients undergoing allo-HSCT 8 . The EMA recognized the significant benefit that MaaT033 could therefore bring to this patient population. The status offers key benefits including market exclusivity  clinical protocol assistance  waivers or reductions in regulatory fees.  the Company announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) had granted orphan drug designation (ODD) to MaaT033  which is aimed at improving overall survival in patients undergoing allo-HSCT . The EMA recognized the significant benefit that MaaT033 could therefore bring to this patient population. The status offers key benefits including market exclusivity  clinical protocol assistance  waivers or reductions in regulatory fees. In November 2023   the Company announced that the first patient was treated in the Phase 2b trial (PHOEBUS) investigating the efficacy of MaaT033 in improving OS at 12 months in patients with blood cancer that are receiving allo-HSCT. The international  multi-center  randomized  double-blind  placebo-control study ( NCT05762211 )   will be conducted in up to 56 clinical investigation sites and is expected to enroll 387 patients. It is  to date  the largest randomized controlled trial assessing a microbiome therapy in oncology.  the Company announced that the first patient was treated in the Phase 2b trial (PHOEBUS) investigating the efficacy of MaaT033 in improving OS at 12 months in patients with blood cancer that are receiving allo-HSCT. The international  multi-center  randomized  double-blind  placebo-control study (   will be conducted in up to 56 clinical investigation sites and is expected to enroll 387 patients. It is  to date  the largest randomized controlled trial assessing a microbiome therapy in oncology. In November 2023   the Company announced that its ongoing Phase 2b trial  PHOEBUS has been selected for funding of 7.4 million EUR as part of the France 2030 Health Innovation plan  in response to the ‘Innovation in Biotherapy and Bioproduction’ call for projects from the ‘Biotherapies and Bioproduction of Innovative Therapies’ acceleration strategy  operated by Bpifrance (project code: METALLO). Post period the first tranche of 1.8 million EUR was received.In neurodegenerative diseases:In September 2023   the Company announced that the first patient was dosed in the IASO Phase 1b pilot study (NCT05889572) in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS)  also known as Lou Gehrig's disease in the U.S. and Charcot's disease in French-speaking countries. As a post period event  in February 2024   the Company announced that the DSMB reviewed safety data in the IASO trial in the first 8 patients with ALS treated with MaaT033. The DSMB recommended that the trial continue without modifications.MET-CMaaT034In immuno-oncology:In November 2023   the Company had two presentations at the 38th Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting highlighting in vitro results for its new Artificial Intelligence (AI)-generated lead product  MaaT034  designed to improve responses to immunotherapy for patients with solid tumors. MaaT034 is the first member of theMET-C platform. Data presented at SITC 2023 shows that MaaT034 replicates  at large industrial scale  the richness  and diversity of healthy native-based microbiome ecosystems. The first clinical batches are expected to be produced in 2024 and the first-in-human study is planned for 2025.  the Company had two presentations at the 38th Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting highlighting results for its new Artificial Intelligence (AI)-generated lead product  MaaT034  designed to improve responses to immunotherapy for patients with solid tumors. MaaT034 is the first member of the MET-C platform. Data presented at SITC 2023 shows that MaaT034 replicates  at large industrial scale  the richness  and diversity of healthy native-based microbiome ecosystems. The first clinical batches are expected to be produced in 2024 and the first-in-human study is planned for 2025. As a post period event  in March 2024   the Company announced that it will present new in vitro data at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting 2024  taking place on April 5-10 in San Diego  California.Corporate updateIn February 2023  the Company completed a successful capital increase of approximately €12.7 million with the support of current shareholders.the Company completed a successful capital increase of approximately €12.7 million with the support of current shareholders. In July 2023  MaaT Pharma joined the Microbiome Therapeutics Innovation Group (MTIG). MTIG is a coalition of companies focused on developing FDA-approved microbiome therapeutics and products to improve medical care  outcomes  and cost-effectiveness.MaaT Pharma joined the Microbiome Therapeutics Innovation Group (MTIG). MTIG is a coalition of companies focused on developing FDA-approved microbiome therapeutics and products to improve medical care  outcomes  and cost-effectiveness. In September 2023   the Company and Skyepharma announced completion of the cGMP manufacturing facility and the transfer of MaaT Pharma’s Production and Development teams to the new site.  the Company and Skyepharma announced completion of the cGMP manufacturing facility and the transfer of MaaT Pharma’s Production and Development teams to the new site. During 2023 and Q1 2024  MaaT Pharma reinforced its board of directors  executive team  and key functions: Karim Dabbagh as Chairman and Nadia Kamal as Director  both independent. Jonathan Chriqui  as Chief Business Officer and member of the executive management team. Guilhaume Debroas  as Head of Investor Relations.Financial highlightsThe key financial results for the 2023 full year are as follows:Income StatementIn thousands of euros 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 Revenue 2 228 1 430 Cost of Goods Sold (573) (339) Gross Margin 1 655 1 091 Other Income 4 667 4 122 Sales and distribution costs (449) (347) General and administrative costs (4 965) (4 111) Research and development costs (20 851) (14 311) Operating income (expense) (19 943) (13 557) Financial Income 639 45 Financial Expense (413) (201) Net financial income (expense) 226 (156) Income (loss) before income tax (19 717) (13 713) Income tax expense - - Net Income (loss) for the period (19 717) (13 713) Prepared in accordance with international standards  IFRS.Revenues totaled €2.2 million for the year ended December 31  2023  the highest revenues generated thus far by the Company  which includes compensation invoiced from the Early Access Program in France and for which data was presented at the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting in December 2023. The gross margin generated by the compassionate access program amounts to €1.7 million.Operating expense amounted to €19.9 million compared with €13.6 million for 2022  an increase of €6.3 million. This increase reflects the growth of research and development costs which have risen from €14.3 million in 2022 to €21.2 million in 2023  representing an overall increase of €6.9 million and consistent with the advancement of clinical and operational activities as detailed in the pipeline highlights’ section above.Other income of €4.7 million includes the R&D tax credit of €3.6 million  an increase of €0.4 million compared with prior year  which amounted to €3.2 million and in line with the growth of research and development activities and eligible expenses.General and administrative expenses amounted to €5.0 million compared with €4.1 million in 2022 reflecting the increase in regulatory advisory costs and expenses to support the early access program.The net loss amounts to €19.7 million for the year ended December 31  2023  compared with €13.7 million for the year ended December 31  2022.Average annual employees evolved from 43 in 2022 to 53 in 2023 following the strengthening of the clinical and production and supply chain and to a lesser extent administrative teams.Cash PositionAs of December 31  2023  total cash and cash equivalents were €24.3 million  as compared to €31.7 million as of September 30  2023  and €35.2 million as of December 31  2022.The net decrease in cash position of €11.0 million between December 31  2022  and December 31  2023  is due to the financing of operations for a total of €18.7 million  offset by cash inflows from financing of €8.1 million. Cash inflows from financing reflects the share capital increase in February 2023 of approximately €12.7 million  offset by debt repayments over 2023 €4.2 million. Total financial debt totaled €14.1 million as of December 31  2023  of which €0.4 million relates to state-backed loans (“PGE”) and €6.1 million of lease liabilities  which includes future contractual payments due to Skyepharma for the use of the manufacturing facility completed in 2023.Based on the development plans and corresponding cash needs  the Company believes it has sufficient cash to finance operations to the end of Q3.2024 extending the cash runway by three months compared to prior communications as a result of a voluntary slowdown in headcount growth  optimization of its manufacturing plan and prioritizing expenses to support on the roll out of the Phase 2b trial PHOEBUS in France and Germany (approved countries) and finalizing recruitment into the Phase 3 ARES trial in Europe. The Company has active discussions ongoing to finance operations beyond the end of Q3.2024 and remains confident in extending its cash runway.Note: This press release contains financial data approved by the Board of Directors on March 27  2024  based on the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023. The audit is in progress at the date of this communication.Upcoming financial communication*May 14  2024: Publication of revenues for Q1 2024May 28  2024: Annual General Shareholders MeetingSeptember 19  2024: Publication of half year financial results H1November 5  2024: Publication of revenues for Q3 2024*Indicative calendar that may be subject to change.Upcoming investor conferences participationApril 15-17  2024 – Kempen Life Sciences Conference  AmsterdamJune 11-12  2024 – Portzamparc Mid & Small Caps 2024 ConferenceJune 25-27  2024 – Stifel European Healthcare Summit LyonUpcoming scientific conference participationApril 5-10  2024 - American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting 2024  San DiegoApril 14-17  2024 – 50th Annual meeting of the European Bone Marrow Transplant (EBMT)  GlasgowThe Company’s universal registration document  which includes the annual financial report  will be available on MaaT Pharma’s website on 02/04/2024: www.maatpharma.com---About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  an open-label  single arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  enables the identification of novel disease targets  evaluation of drug candidates  and identification of biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1acute Graft versus Host Disease2 Early Access Program3 Assistance Publique - Hôpitaux de Paris is the leading university hospital center in Europe4 acute Graft Versus Host disease5 DSMB = Data Safety Monitoring Board6 National Research Institute for Agriculture  Food and the Environment7 Leading Cancer Centre in Europe8 Allo-HSCT : Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantationView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328293825/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.68,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', '2023 Annual Results', 'Business Overview', 'open-label, single arm pivotal Phase 3 ARES clinical trial', 'largest European cGMP manufacturing facility', 'Phase 3 trial ARES preliminary data', 'Investigational New Drug (IND) application', 'Phase 2b trial PHOEBUS', 'Lancet Discovery Science suite', 'Long term follow-up data', 'gastrointestinal overall response rate', 'First positive preclinical data', 'Phase 2a trial', 'ARES trial', 'New preclinical data', 'new therapeutic options', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies', 'major inflection point', 'U.S. Food', 'prominent US clinicians', 'stem cell transplantation', 'defined protocol assumptions', 'Early Access Prog', 'Good safety profile', 'full-year 2023 annual results', 'IND application', 'favorable benefit/risk ratio', 'positive efficacy results', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', '3rd line aGvHD', 'similar patient population', 'Primary endpoint ORR', 'clinical hold', 'next phase', 'Phase 2 study', 'Drug Administration', 'positive results', 'new milestones', 'similar profile', 'first batches', '47% overall survival', 'high efficacy', 'patient subgroup', 'low toxicity', 'EBMT conference', 'metastatic melanoma', 'cultured product', 'SITC conference', 'AACR conference', 'Regulatory News', 'business overview', 'entire pipeline', 'past year', 'lead asset', 'significant progress', 'Hervé Affagard', 'Pipeline highlights', 'active discussions', 'efficient path', 'United States', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'MaaT Pharma', 'mid Q4', 'Ongoing recruitment', 'highest revenues', 'allo-HSCT patients', 'The Company', 'The DSMB', 'MaaT013', 'evaluation', 'previous', 'EAP', '12 months', 'MaaT033', 'impact', 'Completion', 'March', 'PICASSO', 'AP-HP', 'combination', 'AI-generated', 'responses', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'ODD', 'December', 'Q3', 'EURONEXT', 'leader', 'development', 'cancer', 'achievements', 'foundations', 'readiness', 'commercialization', 'publication', 'team', 'network', 'physicians', 'regulators', 'value', 'shareholders', 'CEO', 'founder', 'MET-N', 'April', 'field', 'July', 'treatment', 'eClinicalMedicine', 'journals', 'October', 'modification', 'GI-ORR']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,marketscreener.com
38480,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/maat-pharma-announces-2023-annual-results-and-provides-a-business-overview-93CH-3357290,MaaT Pharma Announces 2023 Annual Results and Provides a Business Overview By Investing.com,MaaT Pharma Announces 2023 Annual Results and Provides a Business Overview,The DSMB  based on Phase 3 trial ARES preliminary data  concluded that MaaT013 has a favorable benefit/risk ratio with high efficacy and low toxicity in 3rd line aGvHD1. This evaluation confirms previous ones in a similar patient population from the EAP2. Primary endpoint ORR now expected in mid Q4 2024.in 3rd line aGvHD1. This evaluation confirms previous ones in a similar patient population from the EAP2. Primary endpoint ORR now expected in mid Q4 2024. Good safety profile and positive efficacy results with 47% overall survival (OS) at 12 months for all patients with aGvHD (n=111) and 52% for patient subgroup within the EAP with a similar profile to those in the ARES trial presented at ASH 2023. Long term follow-up data at EBMT conference 2024.Ongoing recruitment for Phase 2b trial PHOEBUS investigating MaaT033's impact on OS in allo-HSCT patients.Completion of recruitment in March 2024 for Phase 2a trial PICASSO sponsored by AP-HP3  evaluating MaaT013 in combination with ICI in metastatic melanoma. Results expected end of 2024 or Q1 2025.First positive preclinical data for MaaT034  an AI-generated co-cultured product aimed at improving responses to ICI  presented at SITC conference 2023. New preclinical data at AACR conference 2024.Completion of the largest European cGMP manufacturing facility for Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies with first batches produced.FDA lifted the clinical hold and cleared the IND application for MaaT013 in patients with aGvHD; EMA granted ODD to MaaT033 to improve OS in patients undergoing allo-HSCT.As of December 31  2023  cash and cash equivalents were €24.3 million  anticipated cash runway now set for end of Q3 2024. Revenues of €2.2 million for 2023  the highest revenues generated from the EAP so far.LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT “ the Company)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies™ (MET) dedicated to enhancing survival of patients with cancer  today reported the full-year 2023 annual results and provided a business overview.As we reflect on the achievements of 2023  I am proud to announce that we have successfully delivered on milestones across our entire pipeline  while being cash conscious. This past year has been pivotal  laying the foundations for the next phase of development for our lead asset MaaT013 with completion of the Phase 3 and readiness for commercialization. We look forward to reaching new milestones in 2024 and anticipate a major inflection point with the publication of the primary endpoint of our Phase 3. By relying on our team and our network of physicians  and continuing to work closely with regulators  we anticipate continuing to create value for our shareholders and make significant progress in bringing new therapeutic options for patients with cancer  states HervÃ© Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma.Pipeline highlightsMET-NMaaT013In hemato-oncology:In April 2023  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifted the clinical hold and cleared the Investigational New Drug (IND) application for MaaT013 in patients with aGvHD4. The Company has engaged active discussions with prominent US clinicians in the field of stem cell transplantation to explore the most efficient path forward to introduce MaaT013 to patients in the United States.In July 2023  the Company announced that clinical data from its Phase 2 study assessing MaaT013 as a treatment for aGvHD was published in eClinicalMedicine  one of the Lancet Discovery (NASDAQ: ) Science suite of journals.In October 2023  the Company announced that the DSMB5 unanimously recommended that the open-label  single arm pivotal Phase 3 ARES clinical trial (NCT04769895)  evaluating MaaT013 in aGvHD  continue without modification. The Overall Response Rate (ORR) was superior to pre-defined protocol assumptions. Therefore  the DSMB concluded that the benefit/risk ratio with high efficacy and low toxicity was favorable in this patient population. Primary endpoint  gastrointestinal overall response rate (GI-ORR)  is now expected mid Q4 2024.was favorable in this patient population. Primary endpoint  gastrointestinal overall response rate (GI-ORR)  is now expected mid Q4 2024. In December 2023  the Company presented positive results from the Early Access Program (EAP) in Europe involving 111 patients with aGvHD treated with MaaT013  at the 2023 American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting. The GI-ORR was 54% at day 28  positively and significantly impacting overall survival (OS) with 47% OS at 12 months for all patients with aGvHD and 52% for a patient subgroup from the EAP with a similar profile to those in the ARES trial with GI-ORR of 61% and 58% of complete responses observed at day 28.As a post period event  in March 2024  the Company announced that it will present for the first time extended results that include OS data after 12 months in more aGvHD patients from its EAP that were treated with MaaT013. The data will be shared during an oral presentation at the 50th Annual Meeting of the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation held in Glasgow  UK  from April 14-17  2024.As a post period event  the Company announces the launch of a retrospective multicenter trial called CHRONOS in Europe. Its objective is to provide the Company efficacy data for 3rd-line therapies for patients not receiving MaaT013 or any Microbiome intervention. This retrospective study does not impact cash projections as funding is already secured.In immuno-oncology:As a post period event  in March 2024  the Company informed on the completion of patient recruitment for the Phase 2a clinical trial (NCT04988841) sponsored by AP-HP and in collaboration with INRAe6 and Institut Gustave Roussy7  evaluating MaaT013  the Company's lead product candidate  in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI)  ipilimumab (Yervoy ®) and nivolumab (Opdivo ®) in ICI naÃ¯ve patients with metastatic melanoma. Having reached this key recruitment milestone  the first publication will be submitted at the end of 2024 or in the first quarter of 2025.MaaT033In hemato-oncology:In April 2023  data from the Phase 1b study (CIMON) with MaaT033  previously communicated during the 64th annual ASH meeting  were also presented at the EBMT 2023 conference.In September 2023  the Company announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) had granted orphan drug designation (ODD) to MaaT033  which is aimed at improving overall survival in patients undergoing allo-HSCT8. The EMA recognized the significant benefit that MaaT033 could therefore bring to this patient population. The status offers key benefits including market exclusivity  clinical protocol assistance  waivers or reductions in regulatory fees.In November 2023  the Company announced that the first patient was treated in the Phase 2b trial (PHOEBUS) investigating the efficacy of MaaT033 in improving OS at 12 months in patients with blood cancer that are receiving allo-HSCT. The international  multi-center  randomized  double-blind  placebo-control study (NCT05762211 )   will be conducted in up to 56 clinical investigation sites and is expected to enroll 387 patients. It is  to date  the largest randomized controlled trial assessing a microbiome therapy in oncology.  will be conducted in up to 56 clinical investigation sites and is expected to enroll 387 patients. It is  to date  the largest randomized controlled trial assessing a microbiome therapy in oncology. In November 2023  the Company announced that its ongoing Phase 2b trial  PHOEBUS has been selected for funding of 7.4 million EUR as part of the France 2030 Health Innovation plan  in response to the ˜Innovation in Biotherapy and Bioproduction' call for projects from the ˜Biotherapies and Bioproduction of Innovative Therapies' acceleration strategy  operated by Bpifrance (project code: METALLO). Post period the first tranche of 1.8 million EUR was received.In neurodegenerative diseases:In September 2023  the Company announced that the first patient was dosed in the IASO Phase 1b pilot study (NCT05889572) in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS)  also known as Lou Gehrig's disease in the U.S. and Charcot's disease in French-speaking countries. As a post period event  in February 2024  the Company announced that the DSMB reviewed safety data in the IASO trial in the first 8 patients with ALS treated with MaaT033. The DSMB recommended that the trial continue without modifications.MET-CMaaT034In immuno-oncology:In November 2023  the Company had two presentations at the 38th Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting highlighting in vitro results for its new Artificial Intelligence (AI)-generated lead product  MaaT034  designed to improve responses to immunotherapy for patients with solid tumors. MaaT034 is the first member of theMET-C platform. Data presented at SITC 2023 shows that MaaT034 replicates  at large industrial scale  the richness  and diversity of healthy native-based microbiome ecosystems. The first clinical batches are expected to be produced in 2024 and the first-in-human study is planned for 2025.results for its new Artificial Intelligence (AI)-generated lead product  MaaT034  designed to improve responses to immunotherapy for patients with solid tumors. MaaT034 is the first member of the MET-C platform. Data presented at SITC 2023 shows that MaaT034 replicates  at large industrial scale  the richness  and diversity of healthy native-based microbiome ecosystems. The first clinical batches are expected to be produced in 2024 and the first-in-human study is planned for 2025. As a post period event  in March 2024  the Company announced that it will present new in vitro data at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting 2024  taking place on April 5-10 in San Diego  California.Corporate updateIn February 2023  the Company completed a successful capital increase of approximately €12.7 million with the support of current shareholders.In July 2023  MaaT Pharma joined the Microbiome Therapeutics Innovation Group (MTIG). MTIG is a coalition of companies focused on developing FDA-approved microbiome therapeutics and products to improve medical care  outcomes  and cost-effectiveness.In September 2023  the Company and Skyepharma announced completion of the cGMP manufacturing facility and the transfer of MaaT Pharma's Production and Development teams to the new site.During 2023 and Q1 2024  MaaT Pharma reinforced its board of directors  executive team  and key functions: Karim Dabbagh as Chairman and Nadia Kamal as Director  both independent. Jonathan Chriqui  as Chief Business Officer and member of the executive management team. Guilhaume Debroas  as Head of Investor Relations.Financial highlightsThe key financial results for the 2023 full year are as follows:Income StatementIn thousands of euros 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 Revenue 2 228 1 430 Cost of Goods Sold (573) (339) Gross Margin 1 655 1 091 Other Income 4 667 4 122 Sales and distribution costs (449) (347) General and administrative costs (4 965) (4 111) Research and development costs (20 851) (14 311) Operating income (expense) (19 943) (13 557) Financial Income 639 45 Financial Expense (413) (201) Net financial income (expense) 226 (156) Income (loss) before income tax (19 717) (13 713) Income tax expense - - Net Income (loss) for the period (19 717) (13 713) Prepared in accordance with international standards  IFRS.Revenues totaled €2.2 million for the year ended December 31  2023  the highest revenues generated thus far by the Company  which includes compensation invoiced from the Early Access Program in France and for which data was presented at the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting in December 2023. The gross margin generated by the compassionate access program amounts to €1.7 million.Operating expense amounted to €19.9 million compared with €13.6 million for 2022  an increase of €6.3 million. This increase reflects the growth of research and development costs which have risen from €14.3 million in 2022 to €21.2 million in 2023  representing an overall increase of €6.9 million and consistent with the advancement of clinical and operational activities as detailed in the pipeline highlights' section above.Other income of €4.7 million includes the R&D tax credit of €3.6 million  an increase of €0.4 million compared with prior year  which amounted to €3.2 million and in line with the growth of research and development activities and eligible expenses.General and administrative expenses amounted to €5.0 million compared with €4.1 million in 2022 reflecting the increase in regulatory advisory costs and expenses to support the early access program.The net loss amounts to €19.7 million for the year ended December 31  2023  compared with €13.7 million for the year ended December 31  2022.Average annual employees evolved from 43 in 2022 to 53 in 2023 following the strengthening of the clinical and production and supply chain and to a lesser extent administrative teams.Cash PositionAs of December 31  2023  total cash and cash equivalents were €24.3 million  as compared to €31.7 million as of September 30  2023  and €35.2 million as of December 31  2022.The net decrease in cash position of €11.0 million between December 31  2022  and December 31  2023  is due to the financing of operations for a total of €18.7 million  offset by cash inflows from financing of €8.1 million. Cash inflows from financing reflects the share capital increase in February 2023 of approximately €12.7 million  offset by debt repayments over 2023 €4.2 million. Total financial debt totaled €14.1 million as of December 31  2023  of which €0.4 million relates to state-backed loans (PGE) and €6.1 million of lease liabilities  which includes future contractual payments due to Skyepharma for the use of the manufacturing facility completed in 2023.Based on the development plans and corresponding cash needs  the Company believes it has sufficient cash to finance operations to the end of Q3.2024 extending the cash runway by three months compared to prior communications as a result of a voluntary slowdown in headcount growth  optimization of its manufacturing plan and prioritizing expenses to support on the roll out of the Phase 2b trial PHOEBUS in France and Germany (approved countries) and finalizing recruitment into the Phase 3 ARES trial in Europe. The Company has active discussions ongoing to finance operations beyond the end of Q3.2024 and remains confident in extending its cash runway.Note: This press release contains financial data approved by the Board of Directors on March 27  2024  based on the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023. The audit is in progress at the date of this communication.Upcoming financial communicationMay 14  2024: Publication of revenues for Q1 2024May 28  2024: Annual General Shareholders MeetingSeptember 19  2024: Publication of half year financial results H1November 5  2024: Publication of revenues for Q3 2024Indicative calendar that may be subject to change.Upcoming investor conferences participationApril 15-17  2024 “ Kempen Life Sciences Conference  AmsterdamJune 11-12  2024 “ Portzamparc Mid & Small Caps 2024 ConferenceJune 25-27  2024 “ Stifel European Healthcare Summit LyonUpcoming scientific conference participationApril 5-10  2024 - American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting 2024  San DiegoApril 14-17  2024 “ 50th Annual meeting of the European Bone Marrow Transplant (EBMT)  GlasgowThe Company's universal registration document  which includes the annual financial report  will be available on MaaT Pharma's website on 02/04/2024: www.maatpharma.com---About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  an open-label  single arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint ®  enables the identification of novel disease targets  evaluation of drug candidates  and identification of biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company's Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company's control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as target  believe  expect  aim  intend  may  anticipate  estimate  plan  project  will  can have  likely  should  would  could and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company's control that could cause the Company's actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 acute Graft versus Host Disease2 Early Access Program3 Assistance Publique - HÃ´pitaux de Paris is the leading university hospital center in Europe4 acute Graft Versus Host disease5 DSMB = Data Safety Monitoring Board6 National Research Institute for Agriculture  Food and the Environment7 Leading Cancer Centre in Europe8 Allo-HSCT : Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantationView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240328293825/en/MaaT Pharma “ Investor RelationsGuilhaume DEBROAS  Ph.D.Head of Investor Relations+33 6 16 48 92 50invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma “ Media RelationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & Corporate Communications Manager+33 6 14 06 45 92media@maat-pharma.comTrophic Communications “ Corporate CommunicationsJacob VERGHESE orPriscilla PERRIN+49 151 7441 6179maat@trophic.euSource: MaaT Pharma,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.68,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', '2023 Annual Results', 'Business Overview', 'Investing.com', 'open-label, single arm pivotal Phase 3 ARES clinical trial', 'largest European cGMP manufacturing facility', 'Phase 3 trial ARES preliminary data', 'Phase 2b trial PHOEBUS', 'Long term follow-up data', 'gastrointestinal overall response rate', 'First positive preclinical data', 'Phase 2a trial', 'New preclinical data', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies', 'major inflection point', 'U.S. Food', 'prominent US clinicians', 'stem cell transplantation', 'Early Access Program', 'post period event', 'new therapeutic options', 'Good safety profile', 'ARES trial', 'Investigational New Drug', 'full-year 2023 annual results', 'favorable benefit/risk ratio', 'positive efficacy results', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'similar patient population', 'Primary endpoint ORR', 'overall survival (OS', '3rd line aGvHD', 'clinical hold', 'next phase', 'Phase 2 study', '47% overall survival', 'positive results', 'similar profile', 'first batches', 'first time', 'Drug Administration', 'OS data', 'high efficacy', 'patient subgroup', 'new milestones', 'extended results', 'low toxicity', 'mid Q4', 'EBMT conference', 'metastatic melanoma', 'cultured product', 'SITC conference', 'AACR conference', 'IND application', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'business overview', 'entire pipeline', 'past year', 'lead asset', 'significant progress', 'HervÃ© Affagard', 'Pipeline highlights', 'IND) application', 'active discussions', 'efficient path', 'United States', 'Lancet Discovery', 'Science suite', 'protocol assumptions', '2023 American Society', 'oral presentation', '50th Ann', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Ongoing recruitment', 'highest revenues', 'complete responses', 'The DSMB', 'allo-HSCT patients', 'The Company', 'The GI-ORR', 'aGvHD patients', '47% OS', '111 patients', 'MaaT013', 'evaluation', 'previous', 'EAP', '12 months', 'MaaT033', 'impact', 'Completion', 'March', 'PICASSO', 'AP-HP', 'combination', 'Q1', 'AI-generated', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'ODD', 'December', 'Q3', 'LYON', 'France', 'EURONEXT', 'leader', 'development', 'cancer', 'achievements', 'foundations', 'readiness', 'commercialization', 'publication', 'team', 'network', 'physicians', 'regulators', 'value', 'shareholders', 'CEO', 'founder', 'MET-N', 'April', 'aGvHD4.', 'field', 'July', 'treatment', 'eClinicalMedicine', 'NASDAQ', 'journals', 'October', 'DSMB5', 'modification', 'defined', 'day']",2024-03-28,2024-03-29,investing.com
38481,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/weekly-report-march-22-28-2024-on-the-first-tranch-of-stellantis-2024-share-buyback-program-1033208964,Weekly Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program,Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  March 29  2024 - Stellantis N.V.,Weekly Report (March 22-28  2024) on the First Tranch of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  March 29  2024 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the 2024 Share Buyback Program announced on February 28  2024  covering up to €1 billion to be executed in the open market during the period between February 28  2024 and June 5  2024  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between March 22 up to and including March 28  2024:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 22-march-24 1 108 826 €26.9760 €29 911 719 75 MI 25-march-24 337 957 €27.0499 €9 141 692 09 MI 26-march-24 346 584 €26.6342 €9 230 992 66 MI Total 1 793 367 €26.9239 €48 284 404 50Since February 28  2024 up to and including March 28  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 14 607 013 common shares for a total consideration of € 370 860 650.20.As of March 28  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 156 697 310 common shares equal to 3.89% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis’ ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis’ ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis’ ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis’ ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis’ ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis’ ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis’ ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis’ relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis’ ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.34,0.39,True,English,"['2024 Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranch', 'March', 'Stellantis', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'internal combustion engines', 'exchange rate fluctuations', '2024 Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'electronic control systems', 'special voting shares', 'other market risks', 'bold strategic plan', 'innovative, attractive products', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'global financial markets', 'interest rate changes', 'following common shares', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'information technology systems', 'open market', 'Citroën', 'share capital', 'innovative brands', 'inherent risks', 'required volumes', 'local economic', '14,607,013 common shares', '6,697,310 common shares', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'future financial', 'other changes', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranch', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'remaining emissions', 'anticipated results', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'industry-wide transition', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'electric batteries', 'competitive performance', 'new businesses', 'significant malfunction', 'security breach', 'credit risk', 'raw materials', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'ambitious target', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'full electrification', 'regional tariffs', 'total consideration', 'Stellantis’ vehicles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'March', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enhanced', 'connectivity', 'cost', 'acquisitions', 'disruption', 'increases', 'supply', 'shortages', 'parts', 'components', 'imposition', 'enactment']",2024-03-29,2024-03-29,markets.businessinsider.com
38482,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aerkomm-nasdaq-listed-ix-acquisition-150800046.html,AERKOMM and Nasdaq-Listed IX Acquisition Corp. Announce Merger Agreement and US $35 Million Private Placement,"AERKOMM Inc. (Euronext: AKOM  OTCQX: AKOM  ""AERKOMM"")  an innovative satellite technology company providing multi-orbit broadband connectivity solutions  and IX Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: IXAQU  ""IXAQ"") ","SILICON VALLEY  Calif.  March 29  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- AERKOMM Inc. (Euronext: AKOM  OTCQX: AKOM  ""AERKOMM"")  an innovative satellite technology company providing multi-orbit broadband connectivity solutions  and IX Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: IXAQU  ""IXAQ"")  a SPAC focused on the technology  media and telecommunications industries  have entered into a definitive Business Combination Agreement (""BCA"") and raised US $35 million in a private placement.Aerkomm Inc. and IX Acquisition Corp.The combined business will be called AKOM Inc. (""AKOM"") and its ordinary shares are expected to result in AERKOMM transferring its listing from Euronext/OTCQX to Nasdaq under the ticker ""AKOM""  following the closing of the business combination. It is the intention of the combined business to also maintain a secondary listing on Euronext.Transaction highlightsAdjusted enterprise value of AERKOMM is US $200 million  as well as up to US $200 million of earnout shares for the AERKOMM shareholders  if certain milestones are achieved.Transaction supported by a fund-raise of US $35 million common equity PIPE (Private Investment in Public Equity) subscribed concurrently with the signing of the BCA. The PIPE investors consist of new and current shareholders in AERKOMM. There may be more capital raised prior to the business combination  but there is no minimum cash condition for the transaction.Existing AERKOMM shareholders are anticipated to roll 100% of their equity and may own approximately two-thirds of the new combined pro forma AKOM  subject to final amounts of PIPE capital raised and of cash retained in IXAQ trust.The Nasdaq-listing is intended to enable AKOM to execute its strategy to provide carrier-neutral and software-defined infrastructure to deliver mission-critical  multi-orbit satellite broadband connectivity.Completion of the transaction is expected in Q3 2024  which is subject to SEC review  to approval by IXAQ and AERKOMM shareholders and to the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions.Story continuesAERKOMM is an innovative satellite technology company  providing carrier-neutral and software-defined infrastructure for multi-orbit  end-to-end satellite broadband connectivity  serving both public and private sectors  including Aerospace & Defense and Civilian Telecommunications. AERKOMM has a range of next-generation satellite technologies that offer broadband connectivity by collaborating with satellite partners and mobile network operators to link users and platforms on the edge to core infrastructure hubs.AERKOMM has established a strong engagement with leading satellite constellation operators spanning multiple orbits  including low-earth orbit (LEO)  medium-earth orbit (MEO)  geostationary earth orbit (GEO) and highly elliptical orbit (HEO). Additionally  AERKOMM's technology is currently being implemented in the Aerospace & Defense market  having been tested live in selected defense assets.AERKOMM is developing partnerships with both public and private sector clients that have increasing demands for multi-beam and multi-orbit satellite communications solutions.AERKOMM holds a strong market position. Its target markets  Aerospace & Defense and Civilian Telecommunications  are expected to grow from c. $20bn to c. $60bn by 2030 (Sources: Fortune Business Insights  Boeing 2023 Annual Report  NSR Report  Teal Group).AERKOMM has considerable technical expertise with executives and innovators drawn from semi-conductors  aerospace  defense  telecoms dual-use and satellite communications sectors.AERKOMM's strong capabilities deliver differentiated solutions:High throughput. AERKOMM's semiconductor glass antenna transmits and receives 50% Mbps more throughput per square-inch compared to previous state-of-the-art satellite broadband terminals.Interoperability. AERKOMM's universal terminals  including multi-orbit glass semiconductor antennas and software-defined radio modems  provide carrier-neutral broadband connectivity. These terminals are designed to meet the diverse needs of users across various sectors  delivering high-quality connectivity and performance.Virtualization. AERKOMM's software-defined core network waveforms integrate satellites and constellations across all major orbits  as well as advanced 5G and emerging 6G non-terrestrial networks (NTN). This approach enhances flexibility  scalability and efficiency  allowing for dynamic adaptation to evolving communication needs.Louis Giordimaina  AERKOMM Chief Executive commented:""We are delighted to be collaborating with the IXAQ team  who bring considerable sector and financial experience and expertise. We will benefit from the resources of the IXAQ team  who also have a proven track record in the international technology  media and telecoms sectors.""We are well positioned to address extremely fast-growing markets – Aerospace & Defense and Civilian Telecommunications. We are developing a range of pioneering multi-orbit satellite technologies with the capability to provide end-to-end broadband connectivity in collaboration with our satellite partners.""In the defense sector  we have been leveraging our team's long-time focus on commercial aviation to demonstrate applications for satellite communications for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Our technology is achieving positive results in real-world settings and we anticipate commencing our first major contract in 2024. We will also continue to invest in our talent and partnerships as we position our technology to scale-up.""Karen Bach  IXAQ Chief Executive commented:""We launched IXAQ with a team of executives from the digital infrastructure and telecommunications sectors in order to add value to the management teams of our target company – in AERKOMM we have found the right opportunity.""Switching AERKOMM's listing to Nasdaq and combining with our team of experienced operators will support the business to rapidly evolve into an institutional-grade company that is well-positioned to capitalize on the numerous opportunities in its expanding markets.""ContactAERKOMM INC.www.aerkomm.comInvestors – IR@AERKOMM.COMMedia – MEDIA@AERKOMM.COMIX Acquisition Corp.www.ixacq.comInvestors – contact@ixacq.comMedia – contact@ixacq.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  both as amended. Statements that are not historical facts  including statements about the pending transactions among IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc. (IXAQ's subsidiary for the purpose of affecting the transaction)  and AKOM and the transactions contemplated thereby  and the parties' perspectives and expectations  are forward-looking statements. Such statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the proposed transaction  including the anticipated initial enterprise value and post-closing equity value  the benefits of the proposed transaction  integration plans  expected synergies and revenue opportunities  anticipated future financial and operating performance and results  including estimates for growth  the expected management and governance of the combined company  and the expected timing of the transactions. The words ""expect "" ""believe "" ""estimate "" ""intend "" ""plan"" and similar expressions indicate forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various risks and uncertainties  assumptions (including assumptions about general economic  market  industry and operational factors)  known or unknown  which could cause the actual results to vary materially from those indicated or anticipated.Such risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to: (i) risks related to the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the pending transaction  including the risk that the transaction may not close due to one or more closing conditions to the transaction not being satisfied or waived  such as regulatory approvals not being obtained  on a timely basis or otherwise  or that a governmental entity prohibited  delayed or refused to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction or required certain conditions  limitations or restrictions in connection with such approvals; (ii) risks related to the ability of IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  and AKOM to successfully integrate the businesses; (iii) the occurrence of any event  change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the applicable transaction agreements; (iv) the risk that there may be a material adverse change with respect to the financial position  performance  operations or prospects of IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  or AKOM; (v) risks related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the proposed transaction; (vi) the risk that any announcements relating to the proposed transaction could have adverse effects on the market price of IXAQ's securities; (vii) the risk that the proposed transaction and its announcement could have an adverse effect on the ability of IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  and AKOM to retain customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with their suppliers and customers and on their operating results and businesses generally; (viii) the risk that the combined company may be unable to achieve cost-cutting synergies or it may take longer than expected to achieve those synergies; and (ix) risks associated with the financing of the proposed transaction. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties can be found in IXAQ's IPO prospectus filed with the SEC and in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus that will be filed with the SEC by IXAQ in connection with the proposed transactions  and other documents that the parties may file or furnish with the SEC  which you are encouraged to read. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate only to the date they were made  and IXAQ  AKOM Merger Sub Inc.  and AKOM and their subsidiaries undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made except as required by law or applicable regulation.Additional Information and Where to Find ItIn connection with the transaction described herein  IXAQ will file relevant materials with the SEC  including the Registration Statement on Form S-4 and a proxy statement/prospectus. The proxy statement/prospectus and a proxy card will be mailed to shareholders of IXAQ as of a record date to be established for voting at the shareholders' meeting relating to the proposed transactions. Shareholders will also be able to obtain a copy of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus without charge from IXAQ. The Registration Statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus  once available  may also be obtained without charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or by writing to IXAQ at 53 Davies Street  W1K 5JH United Kingdom. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF IXAQ ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS THAT IXAQ WILL FILE WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT IXAQ  AKOM MERGER SUB  AKOM AND THE TRANSACTIONS.Participants in SolicitationThe AKOM Merger Sub and the AKOM and certain shareholders of IXAQ  and their respective directors  executive officers and employees and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the holders of IXAQ ordinary shares in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about IXAQ's directors and executive officers and their ownership of IXAQ's ordinary shares is set forth in IXAQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC. Other information regarding the interests of the participants in the proxy solicitation will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus pertaining to the proposed transaction when it becomes available. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.No Offer or SolicitationThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer  solicitation  or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or an exemption therefrom. This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of the regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the ""EU Prospectus Regulation""). The securities of AERKOMM admitting for trading on the professional segment (compartiment professionnel) of the regulated market of Euronext Paris are addressed solely to Qualified Investors  as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation and in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Code monétaire et financier.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aerkomm-and-nasdaq-listed-ix-acquisition-corp-announce-merger-agreement-and-us-35-million-private-placement-302103593.htmlSOURCE Aerkomm Inc.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.59,0.38,0.03,True,English,"['Nasdaq-Listed IX Acquisition Corp', 'US $35 Million Private Placement', 'Announce Merger Agreement', 'AERKOMM', 'US $35 million common equity PIPE', 'mission-critical, multi-orbit satellite broadband connectivity', 'new combined pro forma AKOM', 'emerging 6G non-terrestrial networks', 'leading satellite constellation operators', 'multi-orbit glass semiconductor antennas', 'other customary closing conditions', 'multi-orbit satellite communications solutions', 'innovative satellite technology company', 'multi-orbit broadband connectivity solutions', 'software-defined core network waveforms', 'art satellite broadband terminals', 'definitive Business Combination Agreement', 'end satellite broadband connectivity', 'multi-orbit satellite technologies', 'mobile network operators', 'semiconductor glass antenna', 'next-generation satellite technologies', 'satellite communications sectors', 'IX Acquisition Corp', 'proven track record', 'The PIPE investors', 'core infrastructure hubs', 'software-defined radio modems', 'Fortune Business Insights', 'Boeing 2023 Annual Report', 'geostationary earth orbit', 'carrier-neutral broadband connectivity', 'minimum cash condition', 'strong market position', 'private sector clients', 'Transaction highlights Adjusted', 'considerable technical expertise', 'AERKOMM Chief Executive', 'Existing AERKOMM shareholders', 'satellite partners', 'combined business', 'differentiated solutions', 'high-quality connectivity', 'software-defined infrastructure', 'considerable sector', 'PIPE capital', 'The Nasdaq-listing', 'private sectors', 'NSR Report', 'international technology', 'strong engagement', 'strong capabilities', 'universal terminals', 'private placement', 'Private Investment', 'current shareholders', 'low-earth orbit', 'medium-earth orbit', 'elliptical orbit', 'various sectors', 'SILICON VALLEY', 'telecommunications industries', 'enterprise value', 'Public Equity', 'final amounts', 'SEC review', 'Civilian Telecommunications', 'multiple orbits', 'increasing demands', 'target markets', 'Teal Group', 'previous state', 'diverse needs', 'major orbits', 'advanced 5G', 'dynamic adaptation', 'communication needs', 'Louis Giordimaina', 'financial experience', 'growing markets', 'Defense market', 'telecoms sectors', 'IXAQ trust', 'IXAQ team', 'ordinary shares', 'secondary listing', 'High throughput', 'AERKOMM Inc.', 'defense assets', 'Calif.', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Euronext', 'OTCQX', 'IXAQU', 'SPAC', 'media', 'BCA', 'ticker', 'intention', 'earnout', 'milestones', 'fund-raise', 'signing', 'two-thirds', 'strategy', 'Completion', 'Q3', 'approval', 'satisfaction', 'Story', 'range', 'users', 'platforms', 'edge', 'LEO', 'MEO', 'HEO', 'partnerships', 'multi-beam', 'Sources', 'executives', 'innovators', 'semi-conductors', 'dual-use', '50% Mbps', 'square-inch', 'Interoperability', 'performance', 'Virtualization', 'satellites', 'constellations', 'NTN', 'approach', 'flexibility', 'scalability', 'efficiency', 'pioneering', 'capability', 'collaboration']",2024-03-29,2024-03-29,finance.yahoo.com
38483,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-03/61820058-euronext-paris-sa-euronext-to-acquire-global-rate-set-systems-to-strengthen-its-index-franchise-399.htm,Euronext Paris SA: Euronext to acquire Global Rate Set Systems to strengthen its index franchise,Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext to acquire Global Rate Set Systems to strengthen its index franchiseAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris - 29 March 2024 - Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS)  a leading provider of services to benchmark administrators. This acquisition significantly strengthens the Euronext index franchise adding very strong capabilities in contributed data indices and data from a highly respected provider.Founded in 2009 and headquartered in New Zealand  GRSS is a mission-critical service provider to the benchmark administrators that produce three of Europe's critical interest rate benchmarks: EURIBOR® (global  the world's largest benchmark)  STIBOR® (Sweden) and NIBOR® (Norway). GRSS also owns and operates two regulated benchmark administrators that produce CIBOR® (Denmark) and PRIBOR (Czech Republic)  and a benchmark administrator that produces the TAB  TADO and ICP indices (Chile). GRSS provides a complete solution for developing  operating  and monetising benchmarks  indices  and other forms of regulated or unregulated market data.The acquisition of GRSS further diversifies and strengthens Euronext's index franchise  positioning the Group as a leading player for calculating and administrating Interbank Offered Rate (IBOR) indices. In partnership with GRSS management and its founder  Euronext aims to reinforce the positioning of GRSS to become the go-to provider in the contributed data and indices space  leveraging on Euronext's global leadership and recognition. This acquisition contributes to the growth of Euronext's fixed and subscription-based revenue.The transaction complies with Euronext capital allocation policy  with a ROCE expected to exceed WACC between years three to five after closing. The transaction will be fully financed with existing cash and will not impact Euronext's deleveraging path. The completion of the transaction is expected in Q2 2024 and is subject to the usual regulatory approvals.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:""The acquisition of Global Rate Set Systems is a new milestone in broadening the Euronext data and indices offering. Euronext is today one of the leading providers of flagship equity indices  such as the CAC 40®  AEX® and OBX®. This transaction allows us to further expand Euronext's offering to interest rate benchmark indices and contributed data indices.GRSS has a strong track record of continued revenue growth and high-quality service. We are glad to welcome to Euronext the existing GRSS management team  who will contribute to taking GRSS to the next step and further globally expand Euronext's index capabilities.""Craig McIvor  Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of GRSS  said:""The acquisition by Euronext of a majority stake in GRSS underlines the high quality of its services towards customers. The GRSS management team is very excited about this acquisition and sees strong benefits and growth opportunities arising from being part of Euronext. Euronext already has a leading position in the equity indices space  which GRSS will complement by contributing GRSS' expertise in interest rate benchmarks and contributed data indices.""ANALYSTS & INVESTORS - ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com MEDIA - mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2023  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe's leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/company/euronext ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided ""as is""  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext's subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  ""GDPR"")  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Global Rate Set Systems', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'index franchise', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen', 'Global Rate Set Systems', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'critical interest rate benchmarks', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'The GRSS management team', 'interest rate benchmark indices', 'Euronext capital allocation policy', 'existing GRSS management team', 'two regulated benchmark administrators', 'Interbank Offered Rate', 'Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella', 'usual regulatory approvals', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Clément Kubiak', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'international client base', 'global capital markets', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'strong track record', 'strong diverse domestic', 'unregulated market data', 'flagship equity indices', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'equity indices space', 'continued revenue growth', 'mission-critical service provider', 'Dublin Andrea Monzani', 'Euronext index franchise', 'global leadership', 'market capitalisation', 'share capital', 'monetising benchmarks', 'existing cash', 'transparent equity', 'largest benchmark', 'strong capabilities', 'subscription-based revenue', 'high-quality service', 'strong benefits', 'derivatives markets', 'leading player', 'leading providers', 'leading position', 'ICP indices', 'IBOR) indices', 'index capabilities', 'data indices', 'New Zealand', 'Czech Republic', 'complete solution', 'other forms', 'deleveraging path', 'Managing Board', 'new milestone', 'next step', 'Craig McIvor', 'majority stake', 'high quality', 'growth opportunities', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'regulated exchanges', 'end December', 'indices offering', ""GRSS' expertise"", 'Euronext data', 'Milan', 'Paris', '29 March', 'agreement', 'acquisition', 'respected', 'EURIBOR®', 'world', 'STIBOR', 'Sweden', 'NIBOR', 'Norway', 'CIBOR®', 'Denmark', 'PRIBOR', 'TAB', 'TADO', 'Chile', 'operating', 'Group', 'partnership', 'founder', 'positioning', 'recognition', 'fixed', 'transaction', 'ROCE', 'WACC', 'years', 'closing', 'completion', 'Q2', 'Chairman', 'CAC 40®', 'AEX®', 'OBX®', 'customers', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'mediateam', 'brusselspressoffice', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Portugal', 'close', '02']",2024-03-06,2024-03-29,finanznachrichten.de
