UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
50071,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-senzime-100000472.html,NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING in Senzime AB (publ),"UPPSALA  SE / ACCESS Newswire / April 14  2025 / Senzime (STO:SEZI)(OTCQX:SNZZF) - The shareholders in Senzime AB (publ) corp. reg. no 556565-5734 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to an annual general meeting on Monday 19 May 2025 ","As of the date of this notice  there are a total of 133 215 046 shares and votes in the Company.Shareholders represented by proxy must submit a dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney is executed by a legal person  a certified copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent must be attached. The power of attorney may not be valid for a period exceeding five years from its issuance. The original power of attorney and certificate of registration should be submitted to the Company by mail at the address mentioned above in due time prior to the general meeting. Alternatively  the original power of attorney and certificate of registration may be brought and presented at the general meeting. The Company provides a power of attorney form at request and on the Company's website  www.senzime.com .Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or other trustee must  in addition to notify his or her intention to attend the general meeting  register their shares in their own name so that the shareholder is included in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden on 9 May 2025. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and shall be requested by shareholders in such time and in accordance with the routines that the nominee determines. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than 13 May 2025 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.Such notification shall include the shareholder's name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and telephone number  number of shares  details on advisors (no more than two)  if any  and  where applicable  details of representatives or proxies.notify his or her intention to attend the annual general meeting to the Company no later than Thursday 15 May 2025  by mail to Advokatfirman Lindahl  Att: Michaela Larsson  Box 1203  751 42 Uppsala or by e-mail to michaela.larsson@lindahl.se   stating ""annual general meeting"".be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 9 May 2025 (the record date)  andUPPSALA  SE / ACCESS Newswire / April 14  2025 / Senzime (STO:SEZI)(OTCQX:SNZZF) - The shareholders in Senzime AB (publ) corp. reg. no 556565-5734 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to an annual general meeting on Monday 19 May 2025  at 16.00 at the Company's premises on Verkstadsgatan 8  house 1  Uppsala.Story ContinuesProposed agendaOpening of the general meeting and election of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Approval of the agenda Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report  the auditor's report  the consolidated accounts and the consolidated auditors' report as well as the auditor's opinion on whether the annual general meeting's guidelines on remuneration to senior executives have been complied with Resolutions on:adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet; allocation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheet; and discharge from liability for each of the members of the board of directors and the CEOResolution on the number of members of the board of directors and the number of deputy members of the board of directors Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors and auditor Election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors  vice chairman of the board of directors and deputy members of the board of directors (if any) Election of auditor Resolution on nomination committee for the next annual general meeting Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the senior management Presentation of the board of directors' remuneration report for approval Resolution on adoption of new articles of association Resolution on the implementation of a shareholder program for board membersproposal for resolution on the Board Program 2025 proposal regarding authorization for the board to resolve on a directed issue of C-shares and repurchase of issued C-shares  as well as resolution on transfer of own common sharesResolution on introducing incentive program 2025/2029 Resolution on a general authorization Closing of the general meetingProposals to resolutionsItem 1 - Election of chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee  consisting of Gabriel Urwitz (chair)  Adam Dahlberg och Fredrik Rapp  proposes that Mattias Prage  lawyer at Advokatfirman Lindahl KB  is elected as chairman of the general meeting or  in his absence  the person otherwise appointed by the board of directors.Item 7b) - Allocation of the Company's results according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that no dividends shall be paid for the financial year 2024 and that the Company's result is carried forward to a new account.Item 8 - Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors and number of deputy members of the board of directorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of six (6) directors without any deputy directors.Item 9 - Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors and the auditorTotal remuneration and remuneration structureThe nomination committee proposes that the total remuneration to the board of directors for the period until the end of the annual general meeting 2026 shall consist of the following three components:Cash base remuneration totaling a maximum of SEK 2 025 000 Share rights equivalent to a total value of up to SEK 1 375 000 Cash remuneration for committee work totaling a maximum of SEK 325 000In order to strengthen common interests in the Company  the nomination committee believes it is desirable for board members elected by the annual general meeting to be shareholders in the Company. Therefore  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on the board program presented in more detail in item 16 below.Distribution of base fee per personRemuneration for regular board work is proposed as follows:Chairman of the board: SEK 550 000 in cash and SEK 550 000 in share rights.Vice chairman: SEK 375 000 in cash. Adam Dahlberg is proposed not to receive any Share Rights and will  if elected  therefore only receive the aforementioned cash remuneration.Other board members: SEK 275 000 in cash and SEK 275 000 in share rights. However  members who are not independent from the Segulah group are proposed not to receive any Share Rights.The nomination committee further proposes that no board remuneration be paid to a board member who during the fiscal year 2025 receives consultancy fees from the Company exceeding a total amount equivalent to twice the cash board remuneration resolved at this annual general meeting.If the majority requirement necessary for the resolution on Share Rights (item 16 below) is not met  the nomination committee proposes that the remuneration amounts stated above be paid entirely in cash (i.e.  in such case SEK 550 000)  whereby board members are encouraged to invest 50 percent of the remuneration amount (after tax) in shares in the Company by purchasing shares on the market.Remuneration for committee workThe nomination committee proposes that remuneration be paid for work within the board's committees for the period until the end of the annual general meeting 2026 as follows:Audit committee: SEK 75 000 to the chairman and SEK 37 500 to other members.Remuneration committee: SEK 50 000 to the chairman and SEK 25 000 to other members.R&D committee: SEK 50 000 to the chairman and SEK 25 000 to other members.Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor is paid according to approved invoice.Item 10 - Election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors  vice chairman of the board of directors and deputy members of the board of directorsThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Per Wold-Olsen  Adam Dahlberg  Sorin Brull  Göran Brorsson and Lars Axelson  as well as election of Ann Costello  as members of the board of directors. Eva Walde has declined re-election.It is proposed that Per Wold-Olsen is re-elected as chairman of the board of directors  and Adam Dahlberg as vice chairman of the board of directors.All elections are proposed to apply until the end of next year's annual meeting.Details regarding the proposed board member Ann CostelloBorn : 1960Education : Bachelor's Degree  Biomedical Science  Smurfit Graduate Business School  University of Dublin  Ireland.Independence : Independent in relation to Senzime AB (publ)  the executive management  and major shareholdersOther assignments : Board member of Elekta AB (publ) and IBEX Medical AnalyticsHoldings in Senzime : -Main professional experience : Ann Costello has nearly 30 years of professional experience within the world-leading diagnostics company Roche Diagnostics  where she concluded her career as head and chief executive during the period 2020-2023. When Ann left Roche Diagnostics  she was responsible for operations with a turnover of EUR 7 billion and 6 000 employees. Ann possesses extensive expertise in the medical technology field and has long experience in both the American and global medical technology industries.Item 11 - Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee's proposal  that Öhrlings PriceWaterhouseCoopers AB is re‑appointed as auditor of the Company  with Lars Kylberg as principal auditor.Item 12 - Resolution on nomination committee for the next annual general meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to establish a nomination committee and to adopt instructions for the nomination committee's work prior to the 2026 annual general meeting in accordance with the principles set out below.Principles for the appointment of members of the nomination committee.The general meeting instructs the chairman of the board to contact the three largest shareholders in terms of votes according to Euroclear's share register as of 30 September 2025  who each appoint a member of the nomination committee. In the event that any of the three largest shareholders does not wish to appoint a member of the nomination committee  the fourth largest shareholder shall be consulted (and so on) until the nomination committee consists of three members.The majority of the nomination committee's members shall be independent in relation to the Company and the Company management. The chairman of the board shall not be a member of the nomination committee. The CEO or another person from the Company management may not be a member of the nomination committee. At least one of the members of the nomination committee must be independent in relation to the largest shareholder in the Company in terms of votes or a group of shareholders who collaborate on the Company's administration. Board members other than the chairman of the board may be members of the nomination committee  but may not constitute a majority of the nomination committee's members.The members of the nomination committee shall be published on the Company's website no later than six months before the next annual general meeting. The website shall also provide information on how shareholders can submit proposals to the nomination committee.The term of office for the appointed nomination committee shall run until a new nomination committee has been appointed in accordance with the mandate from the next annual general meeting.The nomination committee appoints a chairman from among its members. The chairman of the board or another board member shall not be the chairman of the nomination committee.If a member leaves the nomination committee before its term is completed  and if the nomination committee considers that there is a need to replace this member  the nomination committee shall appoint a new member in accordance with the principles above  but based on Euroclear's printout of the share register as soon as possible  as soon as the member has left its post. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee shall be announced immediately.Tasks of the nomination committeeThe nomination committee shall submit proposals for resolutions on the following issues to the 2026 annual general meeting:Election of the chairman of the annual general meeting  Resolution on the number of board members  Resolution on the fees and other remuneration to the board of directors and its committees  divided between the chairperson and other members  Resolution on the fees to the auditors  Election of board members and chairman of the board  Election of auditors  and Proposal for principles for the composition and instructions regarding work of the nomination committee in preparation for the annual general meeting 2026.When preparing the proposal regarding the election of board members and chairman of the board - and otherwise in its work - the nomination committee shall apply paragraph 4.1 of the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance (the "" Code "")  which concerns diversity  breadth and gender balance amongst the members of the board of directors. The nomination committee shall also in other aspects  when preparing proposals for the 2026 annual general meeting adhere to the provisions of the Code.The work of the nomination committeeThe nomination committee shall meet as often as is necessary for the nomination committee to fulfil its duties  but at least once per year. Notices convening meetings are issued by the chairman of the nomination committee. If a member requests that the nomination committee be convened  the request shall be complied with.The nomination committee is quorate if at least two members are present. Resolutions of the nomination committee shall be adopted by a simple majority of the members present or  in the event of a tied vote  the chairman shall have the casting vote.RemunerationNo remuneration shall be paid to the committee members for their work on the nomination committee. The Company shall however bear reasonable costs that the nomination committee deem necessary for the committee to fulfil its assignment.Item 13 - Resolution on guidelines for remuneration for the senior managementThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting adopt guidelines for remuneration to senior management as set out below.Scope and applicability of the guidelinesThese guidelines include the Company's CEO and the persons who are part of Senzime's management team. The guidelines also apply to remuneration to the members of the board  to the extent that such remuneration is paid for work for or provided services to the Company outside the scope of their board assignment.The guidelines apply to remuneration that is agreed  and to amendments to agreed remuneration that are made  after the guidelines have been adopted by the annual general meeting 2025. Transfers of securities and the right to acquire securities from the Company in the future is considered to be remuneration.The guidelines do not apply to remuneration which is decided or approved by the annual general meeting  such as incentive programs.Senior executives who maintain a position as a member or deputy on the board of Group companies shall not receive special board remuneration for such a position.These guidelines shall apply until otherwise decided by the general meeting. However  new guidelines shall be presented by the board and adopted by the general meeting at least every fourth year.The guidelines' contribution to the Company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilitySenzime develops precision-based patient monitoring solutions that drive a global paradigm shift in perioperative patient safety. The flagship solution is the TetraGraph®  a CE- and FDA-cleared system for accurately monitoring neuromuscular transmission during surgery.The TetraGraph secures precise dosing of paralytic drugs and provides enhanced insights to safeguard every patient's journey  from anesthesia to recovery. The technology is based on 40+ years of science and developed to enhance patient safety targeting over 100 million patients globally.Senzime's products are used in thousands of operating rooms  supported by direct sales teams in US and Germany  licensors in Japan and China  and distributors covering 30+ markets.Senzime's business model means that the Company develops and commercializes its products globally under its own management and also commercializes with distributors  licensees and other partners as appropriateA successful implementation of the Company's strategy and the safeguarding of the Company's short and long-term interests prerequires that the Company can recruit and retain management with the necessary competence and capacity to achieve set goals. This requires that the Company can offer competitive remuneration. These guidelines contribute to the Company's business strategy  its short  medium and long-term interests and sustainability by giving the Company the opportunity to offer senior executives a competitive remuneration.Remuneration formsThe overall remuneration offered must be market-based and may consist of fixed salary  variable cash remuneration  long-term incentives  pension benefits and other benefits.Fixed salary is individual for each senior manager and is based on the manager's position  responsibility  competence  experience and performance. The senior manager may be offered the opportunity to change salaries between fixed salary and pension respectively other benefits  provided that it is cost-neutral for the Company.Annual Variable remuneration shall be related to the outcome of the Company's annual goals and strategies and shall be based on predetermined and measurable criteria designed with the aim of promoting short as well as long-term value creation. The proportion of the total remuneration that consists of variable remuneration will vary depending on the position. In the case of the CEO and other senior executives  the variable remuneration may correspond to up to a maximum of 200 and 150 percent respectively  of the annual fixed salary in exceptional circumstances. The variable remuneration shall not be pensionable  insofar as nothing else follows from mandatory collective agreement provisions. The board shall be able  in accordance with law or agreement  with the limitations that follow from it  to fully or partially recover variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds.Long Term incentives in the form of warrant-based incentive programs are being provided to the CEO  Executive management and selective other key positions.Pension benefits for Swedish employees shall be premium based  insofar as the executive is not covered by defined-benefit pension in accordance with mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium based pensions may amount to a maximum of 40 percent of the senior executive's annual fixed salary.Other benefits may include car benefits  occupational health care  life  travel and health insurance and other similar benefits. Other benefits may correspond to a maximum of 10 percent of the senior manager's annual fixed salary.Consultancy fees must be market-based. To the extent that consulting services are performed by a board member of the Company  the board member concerned is not entitled to participate in the board's (or the remuneration committee's) preparation of issues concerning remuneration for the relevant consulting services.Criteria for payment of variable remunerationThe criteria for the annual variable remuneration shall be determined annually by the board in order to ensure that the criteria are in line with Senzime's current business strategy and financial targets for the year. The criteria can be individual or collective  financial or non-financial and shall be designed in such a way that they promote the Company's business strategy  sustainability strategy and short as well as long-term interests. The criteria will  for example  be linked to the Company achieving certain business-related goals  for example regarding sales and permits. The criteria can also be linked to the employee itself  for example that employee's specific contributions to specific desired outcomes. Eligibility will always be related to an employee having worked within the Company for a certain period of time.The assessment of whether the preset criteria have been met or not will normally be made at the end of the calendar year. The assessment of whether financial criteria have been met shall be based on the most recently published financial information by the Company. The board decides on the payment of any variable remuneration after preparation and recommendation by the remuneration committee.Salary and terms of employment for employeesIn order to assess the reasonableness of the guidelines  the board has taken into account the salary and terms of employment for the Company's employees when preparing the proposal for these guidelines. In doing so  the board has taken into account information regarding the employees' total remuneration  what forms the remuneration consists of and the increase and growth rate of the remuneration over timeTermination period and severance payWith regard to the CEO  the notice period in the event of termination by the Company shall not exceed twelve months  while the notice period in the event of termination by the CEO shall not exceed six months.With regard to senior management other than the CEO  the notice period in the event of termination by the Company shall be a minimum of three months and a maximum of six months  while the notice period in the event of termination by the senior manager shall be a minimum of three months and a maximum of six months  unless otherwise follows by law.Severance pay can be paid to senior management in the event of termination by the Company. Fixed salary during the notice period and severance pay may not  in aggregate  exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed salary for one year.Compensation may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such compensation shall compensate for any loss of income and shall only be paid to the extent that the former senior manager has no right to severance pay. The remuneration may amount to a maximum of 60 percent of the senior manager's fixed salary at the time of termination  unless otherwise follows from mandatory collective agreement provisions. Such compensation may be paid during the period in which the compete undertaking is valid  which may not exceed 12 months after the termination of employment  with the possibility of settlement against other income from employment or pursuant to a consulting agreement.Decision-making process for establishing  reviewing and implementing the guidelinesThe board has established a remuneration committee and the committee's mains tasks include preparing the board's decisions regarding renumeration principles  renumeration and other terms of employment for the Company management  monitoring and evaluating ongoing and under the year completed programs for variable remuneration to the senior management  and monitoring and evaluating the application of the guidelines for remuneration to the senior management which is to be decided by the general meeting  and renumeration structures and levels in the Company. The committee's tasks also include preparing the board's decision on proposals for guidelines for remuneration to the senior management.The board shall prepare proposals for new guidelines in the event of a need for significant changes to the guidelines  however  at least every fourth year. The board shall submit the proposal for resolution to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting.In order to avoid conflicts of interest  the senior management will not participate in the board's processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Deviations from the guidelinesThe board may decide to temporarily deviate from the guidelines only in individual cases if there are special  considerable and well-articulated reasons for doing so and the deviation is necessary to meet Company's medium  short term or long-term interests and sustainability or to ensure the Company's financial viability.Special and considerable reasons may  for example  (but is not limited to) be that a deviation is deemed necessary in order to recruit or retain key personnel or in extraordinary circumstances such as that the Company achieves a certain desired result in a shorter time than planned  that the Company succeeds in concluding a certain agreement in a shorter time and with better conditions than anticipated or that the Company increases in value or increases its sales or profit to a greater extent than forecasted.Item 15 - Resolution on adoption of new articles of associationThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association to enable the Board Program 2025 (see item 9 and item 16) and to adjust the limits for the share capital. The introduction of a new share class  Class C shares  is proposed. These Class C shares will be used solely to technically ensure the delivery of shares within the framework of the Board Program 2025 and any future board programs of a similar model.The proposals are outlined below. The introduction of Class C shares (and related writings) is conditional upon the meeting also resolving in accordance with the proposal in item 16 below. The amendment of the limits for the share capital and the number of shares is not conditional upon the meeting resolving in accordance with item 16.Current wording Proposed wording 4 Share capital 4 Share capital The Company's share capital shall be not less than SEK 4 500 000 and not more than SEK 18 000 000. The Company's share capital shall be not less than SEK 15 000 000 and not more than SEK 60 000 000. 5 Number of shares 5 Number of shares The number of shares in the Company shall be not less than 35 000 000 and not more than 140 000 000. The number of shares in the Company shall be not less than 120 000 000 and not more than 480 000 000. Shares may be issued in two classes  common shares and Class C shares. Common shares carry one (1) vote per share  while Class C shares carry one-tenth (1/10) of a vote per share. Shares of each class may be issued up to an amount corresponding to the entire share capital.Class C shares do not entitle the holder to dividends. In the event of the Company's liquidation  Class C shares entitle the holder to an equal share in the Company's assets as other shares  but not exceeding an amount corresponding to the share's quota value.If the Company resolves to issue new shares through a cash or set-off issue  an existing share shall grant a preferential right to new shares of the same class in proportion to the number of shares previously held by the shareholder (primary preferential right). Shares not subscribed for with primary preferential rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary preferential right). If the shares offered in this way are insufficient for the subscription made with subsidiary preferential rights  the shares shall be allocated among the subscribers in proportion to the total number of shares they previously hold in the Company. To the extent that this cannot be done with respect to a certain share or shares  allocation shall be made by drawing lots.The above shall not imply any restriction on the possibility of resolving on a cash issue or a set-off issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights.The provisions above regarding shareholders' preferential rights shall apply correspondingly to the issuance of warrants and convertibles.If the Company resolves to issue shares of only one class through a cash or set-off issue  all shareholders  regardless of class  shall have preferential rights to subscribe for new shares in proportion to the number of shares they previously hold.In the event of an increase in share capital through a bonus issue  new shares shall be issued for each class in proportion to the number of shares of the same class already existing. In such cases  old shares of a certain class shall entitle the holder to new shares of the same class. The foregoing shall not imply any restriction on the possibility of issuing shares of a new class through a bonus issue  following the necessary amendment of the articles of association.A reduction of the share capital  but not below the minimum allowed share capital  may  upon request by the owner of a Class C share and following a decision by the Company's board or general meeting  be effected through the redemption of Class C shares. A request from a shareholder must be made in writing. When a reduction decision is made  an amount corresponding to the reduction amount shall be allocated to the reserve fund  provided that the necessary funds are available. The redemption amount per Class C share shall be the share's quota value.An owner of a share that has been registered for redemption shall be obliged to immediately receive payment for the share upon receiving notice of the redemption decision or  where the approval of the Swedish Companies Registration Office or the court is required for the reduction  upon receiving notice that the legally binding decision has been registered. 6 (new item added) 6 Conversion Class C shares held by the Company may be converted into common shares upon resolution by the board. The board shall thereafter immediately notify the Swedish Companies Registration Office of the conversion for registration. The conversion is executed when the registration has been completed and the conversion has been recorded in the share register.It is further proposed that the Company's CEO is authorized to make any minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 16 - Resolution on the implementation of a shareholder program for board membersThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on the implementation of a shareholder program for board members of Senzime ("" Board Program 2025 ""). The proposal consists of two sub-resolutions  a) and b) below  which are conditional upon each other. Sub-resolution a) contains the terms for Board Program 2025  while sub-resolution b) contains the more technical provisions to enable the delivery of shares to participants in the program. The resolutions under this item 16 are also conditional upon the adoption of the proposal for new articles of association (item 15 above) by the general meeting.Proposal for resolution on Board Program 2025Background to the proposalTo increase common interests and engagement in the Company's operations  the nomination committee considers it desirable for board members to be shareholders in the Company. A share-based program is also important for the remuneration to the board to be competitive  which is necessary to attract  retain  and motivate international and competent members to the board. The nomination committee's assessment is that Board Program 2025 will serve these purposes effectively and in the long term  which in turn benefits the Company and its shareholders. Through Board Program 2025  individual board members will be able to build more significant shareholdings over time (provided that the general meeting also resolves to renew the program at later annual general meetings)  which encourages long-term ownership and benefits members who have served and intend to continue serving on the Company's board for many years. The intention is that similar programs will be proposed at future annual general meetings (which  however  depends on the nomination committee finding it appropriate). The nomination committee encourages board members to retain their received shares at least as long as the member is part of the board  except to finance taxes as a consequence of Board Program 2025.Board members who are not participating in Board Program 2025Adam Dahlberg  connected to the Company's largest shareholder - the Crafoord family and the Crafoord Foundation  and Lars Axelsson  connected to the Company's second-largest owner  the Segulah group  are not included in Board Program 2025.Terms for the Share RightsThe following terms shall apply to the Share Rights:The Share Rights shall be allocated to participants in Board Program 2025 in accordance with what is stated under the heading Allocation below. Allocation shall take place as soon as practically possible after this annual general meeting ("" Allocation Date "").The Share Rights vest after one year (equivalent to one term of office as a board member)  specifically on the day that falls the day before the annual general meeting 2026 ("" Vesting Date "")  provided that the participant is still a board member on the Vesting Date. The vesting period for Board Program 2025 is one year  which according to the applicable securities market regulations must be justified (as it is shorter than three years). The nomination committee considers that such a shorter period is appropriate and suitable in this case  as the board's term always extends to the next annual general meeting.Vested Share Rights may be exercised after the Vesting Date. The latest date on which vested Share Rights may be exercised is the earliest of (i) 90 days after the last day the board member is a member of the board or (ii) six years after the Allocation Date.Each vested Share Right entitles the holder to receive one common share in Senzime free of charge.The number of Share Rights may be recalculated in the event of changes in the Company's capital structure affecting the rights  such as a split or consolidation of shares or similar measures. Such recalculation shall be carried out by the Audit Committee in consultation with relevant professional advisors.The Share Rights may not be transferred or pledged.In the event of a public takeover offer  sale of the Company's business  liquidation  merger  or other similar transaction affecting Senzime  all Share Rights shall be deemed vested (in connection with the completion of such a transaction).The Share Rights shall otherwise be subject to the terms set out in separate agreements with the participants and the detailed terms for Board Program 2025.AllocationThe number of Share Rights to be allocated to participants shall correspond to the amount below  divided by the volume-weighted average price of the Company's share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the 10 trading days prior to the Allocation Date (rounded down to the nearest whole number). The Share Rights allocated to each participant are thus to be seen as an investment of part of the fixed remuneration for regular board work in accordance with the nomination committee's proposal in item 9. The Share Rights in Board Program 2025 are proposed to be allocated as follows:Chairman of the board of directors: Share Rights equivalent to SEK 550 000.Other board members: Share Rights equivalent to SEK 275 000. Members who are not independent from the Segulah group or Crafoord group are proposed not to receive any Share Rights.Illustrative example. Board member X is entitled to Share Rights equivalent to SEK 275 000. The volume-weighted average price of the Company's share during the 10 trading days prior to the Allocation Date is SEK 6.50. Thus  the member is allocated 45 307 Share Rights. Each Share Right entitles the holder to one common share in the Company  rounded down. If board member X remains on the board at the Vesting Date  the member is thus entitled to receive 45 307 common shares free of charge.Preparation of the proposalBoard Program 2025 has been initiated by the nomination committee based on an evaluation of previous incentive programs and current market practices for comparable European (including Swedish) listed companies. The proposal has been prepared with the support of the Company's legal advisors.DilutionAssuming a share price at the time of allocation of Share Rights of approximately SEK 4  Board Program 2025 will encompass a maximum total of 343 750 shares  corresponding to a dilution of approximately 0.26 percent based on the number of outstanding shares at the time of the notice. The dilution is expected to have a marginal impact on the Company's key figure ""Earnings per Share."" Information about the Company's existing incentive programs is available in Senzime's annual report for 2024  which is available on the Company's website  www.senzime.com .Scope and costs of the programBoard Program 2025 will be reported in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based Payment."" IFRS 2 prescribes that the Share Rights shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the Company's cash flow. Social security contributions will be expensed in the income statement in accordance with UFR 7 during the vesting period.The program has been established in consultation with external legal and financial advisors and the costs for this advice are estimated to amount to a maximum of SEK 70 000 (excluding VAT).In addition to the advisory costs and based on the allocation of Share Rights to a total of four board members  including one chairman  the board estimates that the Board Program 2025 will incur costs in the form of social security contributions and administrative costs related to share subscription and registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Assuming that the share price at the allocation of Share Rights is approximately SEK 4  that the share price increases by 25 percent  and that the Share Rights are exercised by the participants  the personnel cost according to IFRS 2 is estimated at approximately 1.8 million SEK before tax. The cost for social security contributions is estimated  based on the same assumptions  to approximately SEK 576 000.The total cost for the Board Program 2025  including costs according to IFRS 2 and for social security contributions  is thus estimated to approximately SEK 2.4 million.It should be noted that all calculations above are preliminary  based on assumptions  and are only intended to provide an illustration of the costs that the Board Program 2025 may entail. Actual costs may therefore deviate from those stated above.Delivery of shares under Board Program 2025To ensure the delivery of common shares under Board Program 2025  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board to resolve on the issuance of Class C shares and the repurchase of issued Class C shares  as well as to resolve on the transfer of own common shares in accordance with point (b) below.Proposal to authorize the board to resolve on directed issuance and repurchase of Class C shares  and to transfer own common shares to participants in Board Program 2025All resolutions below (i)-(iii) are presented as a joint proposal.i. Authorization for the board to resolve on the issuance of Class C sharesThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board to  during the period until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  increase the Company's share capital by a maximum of SEK 87 500 through the issuance of a maximum of 700 000 Class C shares. The new shares shall  deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights  be subscribed for by a participating bank at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value  i.e.  SEK 0.125. The purpose of the authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to ensure the delivery of shares under Board Program 2025 and to cover any social costs related to the said program. The authorization will only be used for the exact number of shares that the Company is to deliver within the framework of the Board Program 2025.ii. Authorization for the board to resolve on the repurchase of own Class C shareThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board to  during the period until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  resolve on the repurchase of Class C shares. Repurchase may only be made through an acquisition offer for all outstanding Class C shares. The acquisition shall be made at a price corresponding to the share's quota value. Payment for acquired Class C shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorization is to ensure the delivery of shares within the framework of Board Program 2025.iii. Resolution on transfer within the framework of Board Program 2025The nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that Class C shares acquired by the Company with the support of the repurchase authorization of Class C shares according to (ii) above may  after conversion into common shares  be transferred free of charge to participants in Board Program 2025. The nomination committee therefore proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that all common shares (which have been converted from Class C shares) may be transferred to participants in accordance with the terms of Board Program 2025. However  the number of common shares that may be transferred may be recalculated in the event of changes in the Company's capital structure affecting the rights  such as a split or consolidation of shares or similar measures. Such recalculation shall be carried out by the Audit Committee in consultation with relevant professional advisors.Item 17 - Resolution on introducing incentiveprogram 2025/2029The board of directors of the Company proposes that the annual general meeting resolves (A) on the introduction of an employee stock option program ("" Program 2025/2029 "" or the "" Program "") intended for the Company's or the group's employees and key employees  (B) on a directed issue of warrants to the Company  to ensure the Company's delivery of shares under the employee stock option program and to cover any cash flow effects due to social security costs as a result of the employee stock option program and (C) on approval of transfer of warrants or shares in the Company to the participants in the employee stock option program. Resolutions according to A  B and C above must be made as one decision and are thus conditional to each other.The board of directors considers that it is important and in all shareholders' interests that the Company's employees  who are deemed to be important for the Company's further development  have a long-term interest in a good growth in value of the shares in the Company. A personal long-term ownership commitment can be expected to contribute to an increased interest in the Company's operations and earnings development  and increase the participants' motivation and relationship with the Company and its shareholders. The board also considers that the employee stock option program creates the conditions for limiting future salary costs  as the program becomes part of the participants' remuneration package and replaces  partially or entirely  any bonus programs.The maximum dilution effect of the proposed incentive program  assuming that all warrants are exercised for subscription of new shares  will be approximately 0.98 percent of the share capital in the Company. The estimation has been made in relation to the number of outstanding shares and allocated options in the Company at the date of the notice of the extra general meeting (including options issued to cover cash flow effects as a result of any social security contributions). For the relationship to previous incentive programs in the Company  see below.This proposal was prepared by the board in consultation with external counsel.The employee stock option program in relation to other remunerationIn general. The Company shall offer terms in line with market conditions that enable the Company to recruit and retain competent personnel and other key personnel. The Company therefore needs to be able to offer competitive total compensation to its personnel. Remuneration to the employees shall comprise a fixed salary  variable remuneration in some cases  pensions and other customary benefits (when applicable) and  upon the decision of the general meeting  a possibility to take part in long-term incentive programs. Remuneration is based on the individual's commitment and performance in relation to previously established goals  both individual goals and goals for the entire Company. Individual performance is continuously evaluated. Examples of goals are sales and profit targets  development goals and share price.Fixed salary and variable renumeration. The fixed salary is generally reviewed on an annual basis and shall take into account the individual's level of responsibility and degree. The share of the fixed salary in relation to potential variable compensation shall be determined in relation to the employee's responsibility and authority. The variable renumeration shall in each case be limited to a maximum amount in advance and shall be connected to pre-determined and measurable criteria and designed to promote long-term value creation of the Company.Long-term incentive programs. The board intends to introduce a long-term employee stock program to the employees of the Company in accordance with the proposal below. The incentive program has been set up for the purpose of increasing the interest in the Company's business and contributing to a positive development of the business. The vesting period until a share may be acquired may not be less than 3 years.Pension. Pension benefits shall be offered on market terms in relation to what applies to corresponding employees in the market and shall be based on a defined contribution scheme.A. Program 2025/2029The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on the introduction of Program 2025/2029 on essentially the following terms.The Program shall include not more than 1 500 000 employee stock options. The employee stock options shall be assigned to the Program participants free of charge. The Program for 2025/2029 shall include employees and other key personnel in the Company or the group. Board members will not participate in the Program. Employee stock options shall be offered and granted to employees and other key personnel of the Company or the group based on the participants' competence  qualifications  performance  significance for the Company and individual fixed income. The maximum number of options that a participant can be offered within the Program is as followed  divided by category. If the board deems it appropriate for commercial reasons  the board may decide to deviate from the allocation below for one or more participants.Management: up to 200 000 options per participant (maximum of 7 participants);Key individuals level 1: up to 50 000 options per participant (maximum of 10 participants); andKey individuals level 2: up to 20 000 options per participant (maximum of 10 participants). Resolution of allotment of employee stock options shall be made no later than 31 December 2025. Allocation can  however  take place earlier or later after a resolution by the board. Allotted employee stock options shall be vested over a three-year period in accordance with the following:20% of the granted employee stock options will be vested on 1 October 2026;20% of the allotted employee stock options will be vested on 1 October 2027; and60% of the allotted employee stock options will be vested on 1 October 2028.If the board deems it appropriate for commercial reasons  the board may decide to deviate from the schedule above for one or more participants. Vesting requires that the participant is still employed in the Company or a group Company at each vesting date. If a participant ceases to be employed in the Company or group Company  further vesting will not take place. However  the participant is entitled to maintain and subsequently exercise already vested employee stock options after the termination of employment  provided that the employment of the participant has not been terminated through termination or dismissal on the basis that the participant has not fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the employment agreement or in accordance with law and regulations  at which the Company's obligation to deliver shares  and the participant's possibility to exercise his or hers employee stock options  ceases in its entirety. However  if the board deems it appropriate in an individual case  the board may resolve on deviation from this item. Exercising period . Participants can exercise granted and earned employee stock options during the period 1 October 2028 to 1 October 2029 (the "" Exercising Period ""). Goal fulfilment . The employee stock options may be exercised to subscribe for shares in the Company  in accordance with the terms of the employee stock options  whereby certain strategic and operational goals may be established. Any goals will be determined by the CEO or the board in advance and shall be drawn up objectively and related to the business. Examples of goals are sales and profit targets  development goals and share price. Exercise Price. Each employee stock option entitles the participant to  during the Exercise Period (after potential goal fulfilment according to item 8 above)  acquire one (1) new share in the Company at an exercise price  corresponding to 125 percent of the average volume-weighted share price of the Company's share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period of ten (10) trading days preceding the shareholders' meeting on 19 May 2025. The right to participate in the Program is subject to the participant entering into an option agreement with the Company in the format indicated by the Company. Issued employee stock options do not constitute securities and may not be transferred  pledged or otherwise disposed by the holder. If a general meeting (or the board of directors with support of authorization) should resolve on a change in the number of shares (such as a consolidation or split or a new issuance of securities)  the board shall review the terms of the employee stock options and - if deemed appropriate and expedient to maintain the incentive function of the options - make amendments to the terms (which  however  must not be to the detriment of the participant). The board also has the corresponding ability to review and amend the terms of the employee stock options if it is deemed appropriate and expedient for other reasons to maintain the incentive function of the options. The board or a person designated by the board shall have the right to decide on the minor deviations in the Program that may be needed to fulfil the purpose of the Program. The board or the person appointed by the board shall also have the right to decide on such minor adjustments that  for example for tax reasons  may be required for the purpose of the Program to be fulfilled for participants who reside and work for the group outside Sweden.B. Directed issue of warrants to the CompanyTo enable the Company's delivery of shares under employee stock option Program 2025/2029 and to cover potential social security costs arising from the employee stock option Program  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a directed issue of a maximum of 1 650 000 warrants  out of which maximum of 1 500 000 warrants to cover the Company's delivery of shares un the employee stock option Program and a maximum of 150 000 warrants to cover cash flow effects from potential social security costs arising from the Program  according to the following terms.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders pre-emption rights  apply to the Company. Oversubscription cannot occur. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights is that the issue forms a part in the introduction of Program 2025/2029 and to cover cash flow effects from potential social security costs arising from the Program. The warrants are issued free of charge. Subscription of warrants shall be made on a subscription list within three weeks from the date of the resolution of the annual general meeting. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period. Each warrant shall entitle a right to acquire one (1) new share in the Company at a subscription price corresponding to SEK 0 125. However  the subscription price may not be lower than the quota value of the Company's share. If the subscription price exceeds the quota value of the previous shares  the excess amount shall be reported in the unrestricted premium reserve. Subscription of shares through the exercise of the warrants shall be done in accordance with the terms and conditions for the warrants from 1 October 2028 to 1 October 2029. If all warrants are exercised for subscription of shares  the Company's registered share capital will increase by approximately SEK 206 250 (taking into account the current quota value and assuming that no recalculation takes place in accordance with the warrant terms). A new share that has been issued through a warrant entitles to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividends that takes place after the subscription of new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The board of directors  or a person designated by the board  is authorized to make minor adjustments that are required for the registration and execution of the decision.The complete terms and conditions for the warrants are stated in "" Terms and conditions for warrants 2025/2029  Senzime AB (publ)"" . In the terms and conditions  it is stated that the subscription price  as well as the number of new shares to which each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe  may be recalculated in the event of certain situations.C. Approval of transfer of warrants or shares in the CompanyThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve (i) that the Company may transfer a maximum of 1 500 000 warrants or shares in the Company to participants in the Program  or otherwise dispose of the warrants to secure the Company's commitments due to the Program in connection with the participants exercising the employee stock options for subscription of new shares  and (ii) that the Company may dispose of no more than 150 000 warrants to cover potential cash flow effects from social security costs in accordance with the terms of the Program.MiscellaneousCosts relating to Program 2025/2029The employee stock option Program has been designed in consultation with external legal and financial advisors. The cost of this advice is estimated at not more than SEK 50 000 (excluding VAT).In addition to the advisory costs  the board of directors considers that the Program will entail costs in the form of social security contributions and administrative costs in connection with subscription of shares through exercise of the warrants and registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. These costs cannot currently be calculated with proper reliability  but as the proposal includes the issuance of options to cover cash flow effects as a result of any social security contributions  the Company's costs may be considered planned/managed in a satisfactory manner.Previous incentive programs in the Company; dilutionThe Company currently has four ongoing incentive programs:employee stock option program 2021/2025 - 456 050 options (of these  435 000 options have been allotted and 435 000 remain with current employees) employee stock option program 2022/2026 - 900 000 options (fully allotted and 691 000 remains with current employees)employee stock option program 2023/2027 - 1 000 000 options (of these  995 000 options have been allotted and 920 000 remains with current employees) employee stock option program 2024/2028 - 1 000 000 options (of these  1 020 000 options have been allotted and 1 000 000 remains with current employees).In connection to the option programs above  an additional 505 450 options have been issued to the Subsidiary  which can be used to cover any cash flow effects as a result of social costs due to the option program (options that the Company can use to cover potential cash flow effects as a result of social costs due to all outstanding programs are hereafter referred to as "" Hedge Options "").Based on the existing number of shares and outstanding warrants at the time of this notice  the potential dilution due to all outstanding programs (which includes the now proposed Program  including the Hedge Options)  will not exceed approximately 3.73 percent (assuming that all warrants are exercised for new subscription of shares). The now proposed Program (including Hedge Options) accounts for a dilution of approximately 1.19 percent. The potential dilution due to all outstanding programs (including the now proposed Program 2025/2029 but excluding Hedge Options)  will not exceed approximately 3.27 percent (assuming that all warrants are exercised for new subscription of shares). For a more detailed description of the Company's share-related incentive program  please refer to the annual report for the financial year 2024.Item 17 - Resolution on a general authorizationThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors  for the time until the next annual general meeting  whether on one or several occasions  to increase the Company's share capital with no more than twenty (20%) percent of the total share capital in the Company when the authorization is utilized for the first time. The board of directors shall be able to resolve on issues of shares  warrants and/ or convertible instruments with or without deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and/or by an issue in kind or by way of set-off or other conditions as referred to in the Swedish Companies Act.The board of directors shall have the right to determine the terms and conditions for issues under this authorization and who shall have the right to subscribe for the instruments issued. The terms shall be in accordance with market terms. The purpose of the authorization is to enable the board of directors to issue instruments in connection with  for example  acquisitions or entering into collaboration agreements  and to give the board flexibility in the work of ensuring that the Company  in an appropriate manner  can be provided with capital to finance the Company's continued operations and to enable a broadening of the owner base in the Company.The CEO  or any other person appointed by the board of directors  shall have the right to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with registration thereof.Majority requirementsResolution regarding the Board Program 2025 (item 16) and incentiveprogram 2025/2029 (item 17) requires  for its validity  a minimum of nine tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Resolutions according to A  B and C in item 17 above must be made as one decision and are thus conditional to each other. Resolutions according to this item requires  for its validity  a minimum of nine tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Resolutions in accordance with item 15 (articles of association) and item 18 (authorization) above requires  for its validity  a minimum of two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the processing of your personal data  please refer tohttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfThe shareholders' right to information at the general meetingThe board of directors and the CEO shall  upon request by any shareholder  and where the board of directors deems that such information may be provided without significant harm to the Company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the Company's financial position as well as the Company's relationship to other group companies. Shareholders can submit questions in advance to the Company  to the address Verkstadsgatan 8  house 1  Uppsala or through e-mail to Slavoljub.Grujicic@senzime.com .DocumentsThe annual report and the auditor's report  complete proposals for resolutions  remuneration report in accordance with Chapter 8 Section 53 of the Swedish Companies Act  the auditor's opinion in accordance with Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act as well as other documents according to the Swedish Companies Act will be held available at the Company ( Verkstadsgatan 8  house 1  Uppsala ) and at the Company's website  www.senzime.com   no later than three weeks before the meeting  i.e.   no later than 28 April 2025. The documents will also be sent  without charge  to shareholders who so request and inform the Company of their postal address. The documents will also be held available and presented at the general meeting.Uppsala in April 2025Senzime AB (publ)The board of directorsFor further information  please contact:Philip Siberg  CEO of Senzime ABPhone: +46 (0) 707 90 67 34  e-mail: philip.siberg@senzime.comSlavoljub Grujicic  CFOPhone: +46 (0) 76 306 60 11  e-mail: slavoljub.grujicic@senzime.comAbout SenzimeSenzime develops CE- and FDA-cleared precision-based patient monitoring solutions to safeguard patients during anesthesia and recovery. Senzime's TetraGraph® and ExSpiron® 2Xi systems are powered by proprietary  smart algorithms to monitor neuromuscular and respiratory function in real-time during and after surgery. The technologies are based on 40+ years of science and developed to enhance patient safety targeting over 100 million patients globally. Senzime's products are commercialized in over 30 countries including direct sales teams in US and Germany.Established in 1999 and headquartered in Uppsala  Sweden  Senzime is backed by long-term investors and listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm Main Market (SEZI)  with cross-trading on the New York OTCQX market (SNZZF). More information is available at senzime.com .AttachmentsNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING in Senzime AB (publ)SOURCE: SenzimeView the original press release on ACCESS Newswire",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Senzime AB', 'NOTICE', 'next annual general meeting Resolution', 'Voting rights registrations', ""consolidated auditors' report"", 'consolidated income statement', 'personal identification number', 'general authorization Closing', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Advokatfirman Lindahl KB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Board Program 2025 proposal', 'corporate registration number', 'board members proposal', 'annual report', ""directors' remuneration report"", 'consolidated accounts', 'voting list', 'incentive program', 'certified copy', 'five years', 'other trustee', 'share register', 'Such notification', 'Michaela Larsson', 'michaela.larsson', 'ACCESS Newswire', 'publ) corp.', 'two persons', 'senior executives', 'nomination committee', 'senior management', 'new articles', 'Gabriel Urwitz', 'Adam Dahlberg', 'Fredrik Rapp', 'Mattias Prage', 'financial year', 'new account', 'Such registration', 'Senzime AB', 'shareholder program', 'telephone number', 'dated power', 'legal person', 'original power', 'due time', 'record date', 'agenda Determination', 'Thursday 15 May', 'Friday 9 May', 'minutes Approval', 'deputy members', 'vice chairman', 'common shares', 'attorney form', 'The Company', 'auditor Resolution', 'auditor Election', '13 May', '133,215,046 shares', 'notice', 'total', 'votes', 'Shareholders', 'proxy', 'certificate', 'equivalent', 'period', 'issuance', 'mail', 'address', 'request', 'website', 'name', 'nominee', 'bank', 'addition', 'intention', 'accordance', 'routines', 'preparation', 'details', 'advisors', 'representatives', 'proxies', 'Box', '751 42 Uppsala', 'April', 'SEZI', 'OTCQX', 'SNZZF', 'Monday', 'premises', 'Verkstadsgatan', 'house', 'Story', 'Opening', 'Presentation', 'opinion', 'guidelines', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', 'association', 'implementation', 'issue', 'C-shares', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'Proposals', 'Item', 'lawyer', 'absence', 'dividends']",2025-04-14,2025-04-14,finance.yahoo.com
50072,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invitation-annual-general-meeting-2025-082800816.html,Invitation to Annual General Meeting 2025,The shareholders in RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)  corporate identity no. 556322-6157  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting  to be held on Thursday  May 22  2025  at 6.00 p.m. at the company's office at Eugeniavägen 18C ,"give notice of participation no later than Friday  May 16  2025  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  May 14  2025; andA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustIf a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be issued for the proxy. Proxy forms will be provided by the company upon request and are also available on the company's website  raysearchlabs.com. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document listing the authorized signatories must be attached to the form. For practical reasons  the power of attorney should be sent to the company in advance to the address above in connection with the notice of participation.give notice of participation no later than Friday  May 16  2025 by post to RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting 2025""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE 101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  by telephone +46 8 402 91 33 or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com . The notification should include the shareholder's name  personal or corporate identification number  address and telephone number  and number of any assistants (not more than two).be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  May 14  2025; andA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue   in person or by proxy  mustThe Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders also shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the Annual General Meeting  as instructed below.STOCKHOLM  April 14  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)  corporate identity no. 556322-6157  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting  to be held on Thursday  May 22  2025  at 6.00 p.m. at the company's office at Eugeniavägen 18C  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration will start at 5.00 p.m. and light refreshments will be served.Story ContinuesA person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions listed under ""Participation at the meeting venue"" above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form must be used for the postal voting. The form is available on the company's website  raysearchlabs.com. A hard copy of this form will be sent to shareholders upon request.The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  May 16  2025. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting 2025""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE 101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also cast their postal votes electronically by verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Friday  May 16  2025.If a shareholder submits its postal vote through a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms will be provided by the company upon request and are also available on the company's website  raysearchlabs.com. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document listing the authorized signatories must be attached to the form.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Wednesday  May 14  2025. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Friday  May 16  2025 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proposed agendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting. Election of a chairman of the Annual General Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two minute-checkers. Approval of the proposed agenda. Determination whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Address by the CEO. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Auditors' Report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the Auditors' Report on the consolidated financial statements for the 2024 fiscal year. Resolutions regardinga) the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet;b) the disposition to be made of the company's profits or losses as shown in the balance sheet adopted by the Annual General Meeting; andc) the discharge of the members of the Board and the CEO from liability. Determination of the number of members of the Board and deputies. Determination of the fees to be paid to the Board and auditor. Election of the members of the Board (including Chairman of the Board) and deputies. Determination of the number of auditors and deputies. Election of auditor. Presentation of the Board's remuneration report for approval. Resolution on guidelines for executive remuneration. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposed decisionsELECTION OF A CHAIRMAN OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (ITEM 2)Shareholders representing approximately 50 percent of the total number of votes in the company propose that Hans Wigzell is appointed chairman of the Annual General Meeting.PREPARATION AND APPROVAL OF THE VOTING LIST (ITEM 3)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the Annual General Meeting share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and received postal votes.DISPOSITION OF EARNINGS (ITEM 9 B)The Board proposes a dividend of SEK 3 per share to be paid out to the shareholders.May 26  2025  is proposed as the record date for the dividend. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed on May 30  2025.NUMBER OF MEMBERS OF THE BOARD AND DEPUTIES (ITEM 10)Shareholders representing approximately 50 percent of the total number of votes in the company propose that the number of members of the Board be five  with no deputies.FEES TO THE BOARD AND AUDITOR (ITEM 11)The above-mentioned shareholders propose that remuneration to board members  who do not receive a salary from any Group company  shall amount to a total of SEK 1 740 000 for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  of which SEK 840 000 to be paid to the Chairman and SEK 300 000 to each of the other members of the Board elected by the General Meeting.The Board proposes that the auditor's fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoicing. The above-mentioned shareholders have informed the company that they support the Board's proposal.ELECTION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD (INCLUDING CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD) AND DEPUTIES (ITEM 12)The above-mentioned shareholders propose that Carl Filip Bergendal  Johan Löf  Günther Mårder  Britta Wallgren and Hans Wigzell be re-elected as members of the Board and that Hans Wigzell be re-elected as Chairman of the Board.DETERMINATION OF NUMBER OF AUDITORS AND DEPUTIES AND ELECTION OF AUDITOR (ITEMS 13 AND 14)The Board proposes that the company shall have one auditor with no deputies and that the registered auditing firm Deloitte AB shall be re-elected as auditor for the period until the close of the next Annual General Meeting (the authorized auditor Kent Åkerlund is intended to be the auditor in charge).The above proposals are submitted by the Board  as there is no nomination committee in the company and the Board in its entirety fulfils the duties assigned to an audit committee. The abovementioned shareholders have informed the company that they support the Board's proposals.RESOLUTION ON GUIDELINES FOR EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION (ITEM 16)The board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt the following guidelines for executive remuneration.The amendments compared to the guidelines adopted by the Annual General Meeting 2021 are  except for minor editorial changes  related to pension benefits and other benefits. The cap for pension premiums for the CEO that are to be paid in under a personal pension plan  has been raised and may now not exceed 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. The guidelines have also been amended so that variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits for the CEO. For other benefits  the cap has been raised for all senior executives and may now not exceed 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. That the retirement age normally is 65 years has also been removed.GUIDELINES FOR EXECUTIVE REMUNERATIONThese guidelines cover members of the Board  the CEO and other senior executives in RaySearch's senior management group. The guidelines shall be applied to remuneration that is agreed  and changes made to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the 2025 Annual General Meeting. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the General Meeting.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityFor information about the company's business strategy  visit www.raysearchlabs.com.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer senior executives a competitive total remuneration.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration to senior executives shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits.Additionally  the General Meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-based or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 100 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined.For the CEO  variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. Pension premiums shall be paid under an individual pension plan and shall not exceed 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other senior executives  variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums shall be on a par with the Swedish ITP plan and may amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include life insurance  medical insurance and company cars. Such benefits shall not comprise a significant share of the total remuneration and may amount to not more than 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  etc.Any variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed in order to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development.Variable cash remuneration for the CEO shall amount to 2 percent of the Group's earnings before tax. For other senior executives  targets are to be established in accordance with the paragraph above.When the measurement period for fulfillment of the criteria for receiving variable cash payments has ended  the degree to which the criteria have been met is assessed/determined. The Board is responsible for the evaluation of variable cash remuneration to the CEO. The CEO is responsible for the evaluation of variable cash remuneration to other senior executives. The evaluation of the fulfillment of financial objectives shall be based on the latest financial information published by the company.The company has no contractual right to recover paid remuneration.Consulting fees to Board membersThe company's board members elected by the General Meeting and not employed by the company  may in special cases receive a fee for services performed within their respective areas of expertise  separately from their board duties and for a limited period of time. Compensation for these services (including services performed through a board member's wholly-owned company) shall be paid at market terms  provided that such services contribute to the implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of the company's long-term interest  including its sustainability.Termination of employmentThe notice period may not exceed 12 months if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed cash salary for 18 months. The period of notice may not exceed six months without any right to severance pay for termination by the executive.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board's proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been considered by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Board's basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the General Meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the General Meeting. The Board shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for senior executives  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board's processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are personally affected by such matters.Deviation from the guidelinesThe Board may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability.Number of shares and votes and information on holding of own sharesThe total number of shares in the company at the date of this invitation is 34 282 773  of which 5 654 975 are Series A shares  each carrying 10 votes  and 28 627 798 are Series B shares  each carrying one vote  which means that there is a total of 85 177 548 votes in the company. The company holds no own shares.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests  and the Board believes that this can be done without material harm for the company  at the Annual General Meeting provide information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the group.Availability of documents and other issuesThe Annual Report  the Board's reasoned statement in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board's Remuneration Report in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 as of the Swedish Companies Act and the Auditor's Report in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act will be held available at the company's head office  Eugeniavägen 18C  SE 113 68 Stockholm  Sweden and on the company's website  raysearchlabs.com  no later than from and including May 1  2025. The documents can also be requested by e-mail to arsstamma2025@raysearchlabs.com  and will also be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. Information about persons proposed as members of the Board are available at the company's website. In other respects  complete proposals are included under each item in the notice.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  April 2025Board of DirectorsCONTACT:Johan Löf  founder and CEO  RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)Telephone: +46 (0) 8 510 530 00johan.lof@raysearchlabs.comNina Grönberg  CFO  RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)Tel: +46 (0) 8 510 530 00nina.gronberg@raysearchlabs.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com.https://news.cision.com/raysearch-laboratories/r/invitation-to-annual-general-meeting-2025 c4134879The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1102/4134879/3387936.pdf Invitation to Annual General Meeting 2025 - FINALCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-annual-general-meeting-2025-302427431.htmlSOURCE RaySearch Laboratories",neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Invitation', 'other authorization document', 'RaySearch Laboratories AB', 'Eugeniavägen 18C', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Such electronic votes', 'corporate identification number', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'postal votes', 'corporate identity', 'Such re-registration', 'meeting venue', 'registration certificate', 'share register', 'issue date', 'longer period', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatories', 'practical reasons', 'light refreshments', 'hard copy', 'record date', 'special form', 'telephone number', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'dated power', 'Proxy forms', 'anmalan.vpc', 'notice', 'participation', 'Friday', 'accordance', 'shareholder', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'person', 'written', 'attorney', 'company', 'request', 'website', 'raysearchlabs', 'advance', 'address', 'connection', 'publ', 'Box', 'SE 101', 'Stockholm', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'notification', 'name', 'assistants', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'Thursday', 'office', 'Story', 'verification', 'BankID', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'Shares', 'nominee', 'order', 'addition', 'routines', 'time', '6.00', '5.00']",2025-04-14,2025-04-14,finance.yahoo.com
50073,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/michael-r-252-diger-and-dr-marcus-schenck-proposed-to-join-vonovia-se-supervisory-board-1034579594,Michael Rüdiger and Dr Marcus Schenck proposed to join Vonovia SE Supervisory Board,At the Annual General Meeting on 28 May 2025  the Supervisory Board of Vonovia SE will propose Michael Rüdiger and Dr Marcus Schenck for election to the Supervisory Board of Vonovia SE. They will thus succeed the current Supervisory Board members Dr Ute Geipel-Faber and Hildegard Müller ,EQS-Media / 14.04.2025 / 15:10 CET/CESTMichael Rüdiger and Dr Marcus Schenck proposed to join Vonovia SE Supervisory BoardBochum  14.04.2025. At the Annual General Meeting on 28 May 2025  the Supervisory Board of Vonovia SE will propose Michael Rüdiger and Dr Marcus Schenck for election to the Supervisory Board of Vonovia SE. They will thus succeed the current Supervisory Board members Dr Ute Geipel-Faber and Hildegard Müller  whose mandates end at this year's AGM.“I am delighted to see Michael Rüdiger and Dr Marcus Schenck being nominated. Thanks to their previous work on the supervisory boards of large enterprises and their international experience in senior management  both will play a key role in helping to shape the development of Vonovia ” says Clara C. Streit  Chair of the Supervisory Board of Vonovia SE. “Michael Rüdiger has worked as a senior manager in leading companies in the financial services sector for more than 25 years. His many years of service on the Evonik Supervisory Board have given him in-depth understanding of the Ruhr Area. Dr Marcus Schenck will contribute over 25 years of experience in several senior management positions in the financial and energy industries. As a former member of the E.ON Executive Board and current member of the Uniper Supervisory Board  he is extremely knowledgeable in the field of regulated markets.”“I would especially like to express my gratitude to Dr Ute Geipel-Faber and Hildegard Müller for their many years of dedicated service on the Supervisory Board. They have played a major role in shaping the path of Vonovia towards market leadership  contributing valuable expertise  fresh new insights and a high level of commitment ” says Streit.Michael Rüdiger is a member of the Supervisory Board and Chair of the Audit Committee at Evonik Industries AG and Chair of the Supervisory Board of BlackRock Asset Management Deutschland AG. From 2020 to 2024  he was a member of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Börse AG. Using his degree in business management  he chaired the Executive Board of DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale AöR from 2012 to 2019 and then set up his own consultancy firm. Deka  the securities service provider of German Sparkasse savings banks  focuses on capital market operations and asset management and is one of Germany’s leading property investment managers.Dr Marcus Schenck  who holds a PhD in economics  has been responsible for the German  Austrian and Swiss markets as a member of the Global Management Committee Financial Advisory at Lazard & Co. GmbH since 2022. He is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Uniper SE. During his career  Dr Marcus Schenck served as Chief Financial Officer for E.ON SE and Deutsche Bank AG  where he later became Vice Chair of the Management Board and Co-Head of the Corporate and Investment Bank before joining Perella Weinberg Partners in London in 2019 as a partner.The current Supervisory Board of Vonovia SEThe Supervisory Board consists of ten independent members:Clara Christina Streit (Chair of the Supervisory Board) Vitus Eckert (Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board) Birgit M Bohle  Jürgen Fenk  Dr Florian Funck  Dr Ute Geipel-Faber  Dr Daniela Gerd tom Markotten  Matthias Hünlein  Hildegard Müller and Dr Ariane Reinhart.Financial calendar 2025:07.05.2025: Interim Statement for the First Quarter 202528.05.2025: Annual General Meeting06.08.2025: Half-Year Report 202506.11.2025: Interim Statement for the Third Quarter 2025About VonoviaVonovia SE is Europe’s leading private residential real estate company. Vonovia currently around 540 000 residential units in all attractive cities and regions in Germany  Sweden and Austria. It also manages around 73 400 apartments. Its portfolio is worth approximately € 82 billion. As a modern service provider  Vonovia focuses on customer orientation and tenant satisfaction. Offering tenants affordable  attractive and livable homes is a prerequisite for the company’s successful development. Therefore  Vonovia makes long-term investments in the maintenance  modernization and senior-friendly conversion of its properties. The company is also creating more and more new apartments by realizing infill developments and adding to existing buildings.The Bochum based company has been listed on the stock exchange since 2013. Since September 2015 Vonovia has been a constituent in the DAX. Vonovia SE is also a constituent of additional national and international indices  including Dax 50 ESG  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  STOXX Global ESG Leaders  EURO STOXX ESG Leaders 50  FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Europe  and GPR 250 World. Vonovia has a workforce of approximately 12 000 employees.Additional Information:Approval: Regulated Market/Prime Standard  Frankfurt Stock ExchangeISIN: DE000A1ML7J1WKN: A1ML7JCommon code: 094567408Registered headquarters of Vonovia SE: Bochum  Germany  Bochum Local Court  HRB 16879Business address of Vonovia SE: Universitätsstraße 133  44803 Bochum  GermanyThis press release has been issued by Vonovia SE and/or its subsidiaries solely for information purposes. This press release may contain statements  assumptions  opinions and predictions about the anticipated future development of Vonovia (“forward-looking statements”) that reproduce various assumptions regarding  e.g.  results derived from Vonovia’s current business or from publicly available sources that have not been subject to an independent audit or in-depth evaluation by Vonovia and that may turn out to be incorrect at a later stage. All forward-looking statements express current expectations based on the current business plan and various other assumptions and therefore come with risks and uncertainties that are not insignificant. All forward-looking statements should not therefore be taken as a guarantee for future performance or results and  furthermore  do not necessarily constitute exact indicators that the forecast results will be achieved. All forward-looking statements relate solely to the day on which this press release was issued to its recipients. It is the responsibility of the recipients of this press release to conduct a more detailed analysis of the validity of forward-looking statements and the underlying assumptions. Vonovia accepts no responsibility for any direct or indirect damages or losses or subsequent damages or losses  as well as penalties that the recipients may incur by using the press release  its contents and  in particular  all forward-looking statements or in any other way  as far as this is legally permissible. Vonovia does not provide any guarantees or assurances (either explicitly or implicitly) in respect of the information contained in this press release. Vonovia is not obliged to update or correct the information  forward-looking statements or conclusions drawn in this press release or to include subsequent events or circumstances or to report inaccuracies that become known after the date of this press release.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['Vonovia SE Supervisory Board', 'Michael Rüdiger', 'Dr Marcus Schenck', 'leading private residential real estate company', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe', 'Dr Daniela Gerd tom Markotten', 'DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale AöR', 'BlackRock Asset Management Deutschland AG', 'Global Management Committee Financial Advisory', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'EURO STOXX ESG Leaders', 'FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Europe', 'German Sparkasse savings banks', 'leading property investment managers', 'several senior management positions', 'The Bochum based company', 'E.ON Executive Board', 'current Supervisory Board members', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'ten independent members', 'Michael Rüdiger', 'Universitätsstraße', 'Evonik Industries AG', 'Dr Marcus Schenck', 'Dr Ute Geipel-Faber', 'Dr Florian Funck', 'Dr Ariane Reinhart', 'E.ON SE', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Hildegard Müller', 'Perella Weinberg Partners', 'Birgit M Bohle', 'Jürgen Fenk', 'Matthias Hünlein', 'Vonovia SE Supervisory Board', 'financial services sector', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'fresh new insights', 'capital market operations', 'Regulated Market/Prime Standard', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Clara C. Streit', 'Clara Christina Streit', 'securities service provider', 'modern service provider', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Bochum Local Court', 'Evonik Supervisory Board', 'Uniper Supervisory Board', 'leading companies', '540,000 residential units', 'Management Board', 'Audit Committee', 'Investment Bank', 'business management', 'German, Austrian', 'Dax 50 ESG', 'Financial calendar', 'Uniper SE', 'senior manager', 'energy industries', 'regulated markets', 'market leadership', 'supervisory boards', 'current member', 'dedicated service', 'previous work', 'large enterprises', 'key role', 'depth understanding', 'Ruhr Area', 'major role', 'valuable expertise', 'high level', 'consultancy firm', 'Swiss markets', 'Co. GmbH', 'Vitus Eckert', 'Deputy Chairman', 'Interim Statement', 'First Quarter', 'Half-Year Report', 'Third Quarter', 'attractive cities', 'customer orientation', 'tenant satisfaction', 'affordable, attractive', 'livable homes', 'long-term investments', 'senior-friendly conversion', 'new apartments', 'existing buildings', 'additional national', 'international indices', 'GPR 250 World', 'Additional Information', 'DE000A1ML7J1 WKN', 'Common code', 'Registered headquarters', 'Business address', 'press release', 'international experience', 'many years', 'successful development', 'former member', 'Vice Chair', '44803 Bochum', '25 years', '73,400 apartments', 'EQS-Media', 'CET', 'CEST', '28 May', 'election', 'mandates', 'AGM', 'field', 'gratitude', 'path', 'commitment', 'degree', 'Germany', 'PhD', 'economics', 'Lazard', 'career', 'Co-Head', 'Corporate', 'London', 'regions', 'Sweden', 'portfolio', 'tenants', 'prerequisite', 'maintenance', 'modernization', 'properties', 'infill', 'developments', 'September', 'constituent', 'workforce', '12,000 employees', 'Approval', 'ISIN', 'subsidia', '15']",2025-04-14,2025-04-14,markets.businessinsider.com
50074,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.waterstechnology.com/trading-tech/7952370/coming-to-america-deutsche-borse-targets-us-market-using-simcorp-one,Coming to America: Deutsche Börse targets US market using SimCorp One,Fresh from integrating SimCorp and rearranging its business lines  the German exchange has set American expansion as its goal for SimCorp’s buy-side offering.,Only users who have a paid subscription or are part of a corporate subscription are able to print or copy content.To access these options  along with all other subscription benefits  please contact info@waterstechnology.com or view our subscription options here: http://subscriptions.waterstechnology.com/subscribe,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'US market', 'SimCorp One', 'America', 'other subscription benefits', 'corporate subscription', 'subscription options', 'users', 'part', 'content', 'info', 'waterstechnology', 'subscriptions']",2025-04-14,2025-04-14,waterstechnology.com
50075,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4774896-deutsche-boerse-stretched-valuation-limits-further-upside-rating-downgrade,Deutsche Börse: Stretched Valuation Limits Further Upside (Rating Downgrade),Deutsche Börse (DBOEY) announced a €500m share buyback and set FY25 guidance for net revenues at €6 billion. See why I downgrade the stock from buy to hold.,Deutsche Börse (DBOEY) announced a €500m share buyback and set FY25 guidance for net revenues at €6 billion. See why I downgrade the stock from buy to hold.,neutral,0.0,0.92,0.08,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Valuation Limits', 'Downgrade', 'Deutsche Börse', '€500m share buyback', 'FY25 guidance', 'net revenues', 'DBOEY', 'stock']",2025-04-14,2025-04-14,seekingalpha.com
50076,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/04/13/public-storage-nysepsa-upgraded-at-truist-financial/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Upgraded at Truist Financial,Truist Financial upgraded shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report published on Thursday  MarketBeat reports. Truist Financial currently has $310.00 price target on the real estate investment trust’s sto…,Truist Financial upgraded shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report published on Thursday  MarketBeat reports. Truist Financial currently has $310.00 price target on the real estate investment trust’s stock.Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on PSA. Scotiabank upgraded shares of Public Storage from a “sector perform” rating to a “sector outperform” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $333.00 to $305.00 in a research report on Wednesday. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upgraded Public Storage from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $298.00 to $299.00 in a report on Friday  January 10th. Royal Bank of Canada lowered their target price on Public Storage from $342.00 to $329.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday  February 26th. Barclays restated an “overweight” rating and set a $354.00 price target (down from $361.00) on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Wednesday  March 12th. Finally  Mizuho started coverage on Public Storage in a report on Wednesday. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $287.00 price objective for the company. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  six have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat.com  Public Storage presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $332.08.Get Public Storage alerts:Check Out Our Latest Report on PSAPublic Storage Stock Up 0.7 %Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementShares of Public Storage stock opened at $279.95 on Thursday. The company has a current ratio of 0.97  a quick ratio of 0.97 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $256.31 and a 12-month high of $369.99. The company has a market cap of $49.11 billion  a P/E ratio of 29.07  a PEG ratio of 4.91 and a beta of 0.76. The company’s fifty day simple moving average is $297.08 and its two-hundred day simple moving average is $313.91.The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Friday  March 28th. Investors of record on Thursday  March 13th were paid a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.29%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday  March 13th. Public Storage’s payout ratio is 112.89%.Institutional Trading of Public StorageSeveral institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Procyon Advisors LLC raised its holdings in Public Storage by 2.8% in the first quarter. Procyon Advisors LLC now owns 8 590 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2 571 000 after buying an additional 231 shares during the last quarter. Generali Investments Management Co LLC increased its position in shares of Public Storage by 8.4% during the first quarter. Generali Investments Management Co LLC now owns 11 749 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $3 516 000 after acquiring an additional 908 shares in the last quarter. Edge Wealth Management LLC raised its holdings in Public Storage by 1.7% in the 1st quarter. Edge Wealth Management LLC now owns 44 996 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $13 467 000 after acquiring an additional 765 shares during the last quarter. Thurston Springer Miller Herd & Titak Inc. lifted its position in Public Storage by 29.1% in the 1st quarter. Thurston Springer Miller Herd & Titak Inc. now owns 497 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $149 000 after acquiring an additional 112 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Naples Global Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Public Storage by 38.8% during the 1st quarter. Naples Global Advisors LLC now owns 2 488 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $744 000 after purchasing an additional 695 shares during the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Public Storage Company Profile(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'Truist Financial', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Generali Investments Management Co LLC', 'Edge Wealth Management LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Thurston Springer Miller Herd', 'seven Western European nations', 'Naples Global Advisors LLC', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement Shares', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Procyon Advisors LLC', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'concise daily summary', 'Several other brokerages', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', '35% common equity interest', 'sector perform” rating', 'sector outperform” rating', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Several institutional investors', 'other institutional investors', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Get Free Report', 'strong buy rating', 'consensus target price', 'Public Storage Stock', 'FT Global 500', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'consensus rating', 'Institutional Trading', 'Royal Bank', 'equity ratio', '$310.00 price target', '$354.00 price target', 'hold rating', 'sell” rating', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'neutral” rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'quarterly dividend', '$287.00 price objective', 'Truist Financial', 'January 10th', 'research note', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'annualized basis', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', 'Titak Inc.', 'hedge funds', 'S&P 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Recommended Stories', 'related companies', 'research report', 'Latest Report', 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 231 shares', 'additional 908 shares', 'additional 765 shares', 'additional 112 shares', 'additional 695 shares', 'Six analysts', '12-month low', 'United States', 'latest news', 'NYSE:PSA', '$3.00 dividend', '$12.00 dividend', '8,590 shares', '11,749 shares', '44,996 shares', '497 shares', '2,488 shares', '40 states', 'Thursday', 'reports', 'Scotiabank', 'Wednesday', 'Friday', 'Canada', 'February', 'Barclays', 'March', 'Mizuho', 'coverage', 'data', 'debt', 'beta', 'record', 'yield', 'holdings', 'position', 'stake', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', 'Ratings', '4.2']",2025-04-13,2025-04-14,etfdailynews.com
50077,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/04/13/america-is-now-unstable-emerging-market/,America is now an unstable emerging market,The US will pay a market penalty for Trump’s turmoil,The United States under president Donald Trump is an emerging market (EM). That’s my takeaway from the last few days of tariff chaos and its fallout.When I first raised this idea last October  I pointed out that emerging markets are often characterised by uncertain economics  corrupt politics  institutions that are too weak to enforce democratic norms  violence and social polarisation. The US has been heading fast in that direction since 2016  for reasons we know all too well  though asset prices and borrowing rates hadn’t yet reflected it.Instead  we frequently saw US equities and currency rising during periods of political and economic stress between 2016 and 2024  thanks to the haven status of the dollar.It didn’t seem to matter that all the things that had bolstered American companies  from low rates to financial engineering to globalisation itself  were tapped out. US asset markets seemed impervious to the notion of a dollar-doomsday scenario that would send both currency and asset prices tumbling.READ MORETrump has finally ended America’s exorbitant privilege. The president’s erratic leadership style  which reminds me of the guy who pulls off his steering wheel so that the other driver will be forced to swerve  is now endangering his country’s currency and equity values  as has always been the case in other  non-exceptional political economies with this much turmoil.As Mark Rosenberg  the founder and co-head of research at the research firm GeoQuant  pointed out last week  “we now see strong  emerging market-level negative correlations between political risk and both the USD and S&P 500″.This is not a surprise  though many in the business and investment community have acted as though it should be. Too many chief executives were looking only at the possibility of tax cuts and deregulation in Trump’s second term rather than the broader instability and economic paradigm shift that it heralded.Trump’s personal behaviour certainly sent plenty of emerging market-like signals. Is there anything more EM than a leader who surrounds himself with lieutenants vetted mainly for absolute loyalty?[ Donald Trump exempts phones  computers and chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffsOpens in new window ]The more leadership is about cult of personality  the more economic outcomes are determined by the individual ruler  who can give and take with impunity. And the weaker the institutions  the more likely it is that the ruler will get away with it.Trump’s tariffs: “The rest of the world is now going to de-risk from the United States” Listen | 46:35Trump’s election was “in many ways a product of the emerging market-like trends in social and institutional stability in the US that we’ve seen growing since 2017″  notes Rosenberg.Still  it took the threat of economic war on allies and adversaries alike  waged in ways that left even Trump’s own policymakers struggling to keep up  to shift risk perceptions. Poor US trade representative Jamieson Greer was in Congress defending tariffs even as Trump was granting a 90-day reprieve to many countries. Who will take him  or any of Trump’s cabinet  seriously in any future negotiation?Equity markets  at least until last week  acted as though Trump had some control over the situation he unleashed. When the president posted that it was a “great time to buy” stocks  they rose. That too is EM-like behaviour. I remember back in 2008  when Russia’s then prime minister Vladimir Putin spoke five sentences criticising a coal and steel oligarch  and $6 billion (€5.2 billion) was wiped off the company’s value in real time. In Turkey  the lira and other assets move significantly on President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s speeches and pronouncements.But the bond market knows better  and it has for some time been telling us what equities did not  which is that borrowing rates aren’t going down  and political risk isn’t going away. Even as equities enjoyed the post-election “Trump bump ” yields remained elevated. The fact that bonds  usually a haven  also sold off during last week’s equity market rout tells us that investors were either selling less risky assets to deal with losses elsewhere  or that trust in the US and its future is simply gone.In fact  last week may be remembered as the true  quantifiable beginning of the end of American economic exceptionalism. “Fear exists all over ” Euronext chief executive Stéphane Boujnah told France Inter radio a few days ago. “The country [United States] is unrecognisable and we are living in a transition period. There is a certain form of mourning  because the United States that we had known for the most part as a dominant nation resembled the values and institutions of Europe and now resembles more an emerging market.”I suspect that will be true under Trump with or without tariffs. Even if China backs down and humours the president (I don’t think it will)  or we end up with only moderate shifts to the global trading system  the damage has been done. Trust is gone. Wall Street and Main Street alike are uneasy  and that changes behaviour.The capriciousness of Caligula capitalism is going to be with us at least until the midterms (I’m personally planning to be in cash and gold till then). But the legacy will linger much longer  particularly as the Trump tax cuts coming down the pike in a few months create a completely unsustainable debt picture.Is it possible that America could become the epicentre of the next emerging market-style debt crisis? I would have ruled it out once. Not any more. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2025,negative,0.01,0.46,0.53,negative,0.01,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['unstable emerging market', 'America', 'strong, emerging market-level negative correlations', 'prime minister Vladimir Putin', 'Poor US trade representative', 'President Recep Tayyip Erdogan', 'other, non-exceptional political economies', 'true, quantifiable beginning', 'Euronext chief executive', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'France Inter radio', 'global trading system', 'emerging market-like signals', 'less risky assets', 'economic paradigm shift', 'many chief executives', 'erratic leadership style', 'American economic exceptionalism', 'equity market rout', 'READ MORE Trump', 'US asset markets', 'The United States', 'president Donald Trump', 'other assets', 'emerging markets', 'Equity markets', 'other driver', 'American companies', 'economic stress', 'economic outcomes', 'economic war', 'asset prices', 'many countries', 'bond market', 'The US', 'tariff chaos', 'uncertain economics', 'corrupt politics', 'democratic norms', 'borrowing rates', 'low rates', 'financial engineering', 'dollar-doomsday scenario', 'exorbitant privilege', 'steering wheel', 'political risk', 'S&P 500', 'investment community', 'tax cuts', 'second term', 'broader instability', 'absolute loyalty', 'reciprocal’ tariffsOpens', 'new window', 'institutional stability', 'Jamieson Greer', '90-day reprieve', 'five sentences', 'steel oligarch', 'transition period', 'most part', 'dominant nation', 'moderate shifts', 'Wall Street', 'Main Street', 'equity values', 'many ways', 'risk perceptions', 'last week', 'great time', 'real time', 'social polarisation', 'US equities', 'haven status', 'Mark Rosenberg', 'research firm', 'individual ruler', 'future negotiation', 'Trump bump', 'personal behaviour', 'takeaway', 'days', 'fallout', 'idea', 'institutions', 'violence', 'direction', 'reasons', 'currency', 'periods', 'things', 'globalisation', 'notion', 'guy', 'country', 'case', 'turmoil', 'founder', 'head', 'GeoQuant', 'USD', 'surprise', 'business', 'possibility', 'deregulation', 'plenty', 'lieutenants', 'phones', 'computers', 'chips', 'cult', 'personality', 'impunity', 'rest', 'world', 'election', 'product', 'trends', 'threat', 'allies', 'adversaries', 'policymakers', 'Congress', 'cabinet', 'control', 'situation', 'stocks', 'Russia', 'coal', 'company', 'Turkey', 'lira', 'speeches', 'pronouncements', 'post', 'yields', 'fact', 'bonds', 'investors', 'losses', 'trust', 'Fear', 'form', 'mourning', 'Europe', 'China', 'damage', 'capriciousness']",2025-04-13,2025-04-14,irishtimes.com
