UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
54452,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.naturalnews.com/2025-12-20-poll-majority-belgians-oppose-russian-asset-seizure.html,Poll: Majority of Belgians OPPOSE plan to seize frozen Russian assets for Ukraine – NaturalNews.com,A new poll shows 67% of Belgians oppose the EU plan to use frozen Russian central bank assets as collateral for a large loan to Ukraine  reinforcing their government’s position. Belgium  led by Prime Minister Bart De Wever  refuses the plan due to fears of co…,"Poll: Majority of Belgians OPPOSE plan to seize frozen Russian assets for UkraineA new poll shows 67% of Belgians oppose the EU plan to use frozen Russian central bank assets as collateral for a large loan to Ukraine  reinforcing their government's position.Belgium  led by Prime Minister Bart De Wever  refuses the plan due to fears of costly international lawsuits from Russia  potential bankruptcy for the Belgian clearinghouse Euroclear  and the risk of Belgian taxpayers bearing the financial liability.Belgium's stance is supported by several other EU members  including Hungary  Slovakia and Italy. The EU's attempt to bypass unanimous approval using an emergency treaty clause has further inflamed tensions  particularly with Hungary.Officials warn that seizing the assets could trigger severe Russian retaliation  including the seizure of Western assets held in Russia and further legal attacks  escalating economic warfare and destabilizing global finance.Belgian resistance has effectively stalled the EU's proposal  forcing a debate on risk-sharing among member states and a broader reckoning over the financial and legal consequences of weaponizing frozen sovereign assets.The European Union's (EU) controversial plan to seize frozen Russian assets to fund Ukraine's war effort has hit a major roadblock  with a new poll revealing that two-thirds of Belgians vehemently oppose the move.According to an Ipsos poll conducted in collaboration with Belgian news outlets Le Soir  RTL  Het Laatste Nieuws and VTM  67% of Belgians reject the EU's proposal to use €210 billion ($246.44 billion) in frozen Russian central bank assets as collateral for a €90 billion ($105.62 billion) ""reparations loan"" to Ukraine. The findings bolster Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever's steadfast refusal to endorse the scheme  despite mounting pressure from EU leadership.The Belgian leader has warned that seizing the funds could bankrupt Belgium if Russia successfully challenges the move in international courts – a scenario that grows more likely as Moscow has already sued Brussels-based financial clearinghouse Euroclear in a Russian court  accusing it of mismanaging entrusted assets. As Euroclear holds the lion's share of Moscow's immobilized sovereign funds  Belgium faces disproportionate legal and financial risks – raising fears that taxpayers could be left footing the bill if the Kremlin retaliates.The EU's push to bypass unanimous approval by invoking Article 122 – an emergency treaty clause – has further inflamed tensions. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban condemned the maneuver  declaring that the bloc had ""stripped Hungary of its rights"" and vowing that ""Russian assets will not be on the table"" at the European Council meeting on Thursday  Dec. 18. Orban's stance aligns with Belgium  Slovakia  Italy  Bulgaria  Malta and the Czech Republic  all of which oppose raiding Russian reserves to finance Kyiv's war chest.From leverage to liability: Why seizing Russia's assets could blow up in the West's faceProponents argue that Russia should bear the financial burden of Ukraine's estimated $160 billion budget shortfall over the next two years – or else European taxpayers will be forced to fill the gap. But De Wever remains unconvinced  insisting that confiscating Russian assets would strip the EU of crucial leverage in future peace negotiations while exposing Belgium to catastrophic liabilities. He has demanded risk-sharing guarantees among member states and EU-backed liquidity to shield Euroclear from potential Russian legal retaliation.The geopolitical gamble carries echoes of past financial standoffs  where asset seizures triggered tit-for-tat retaliations. Belgian Defense Minister Theo Francken has cautioned that Russia could retaliate by seizing €200 billion ($234.7 billion) in Western assets held within its borders – a move that would escalate economic warfare rather than resolve the conflict. Meanwhile  Moscow's recent lawsuit against Euroclear signals its readiness to weaponize legal systems  leaving Brussels vulnerable to billions in claims.BrightU.AI's Enoch engine warns that seizing Russian assets to fund Ukraine risks provoking severe economic retaliation from Moscow  destabilizing global financial systems  and violating international law – setting a dangerous precedent for unilateral asset confiscation. It could also undermine faith in U.S. financial stability and trigger reciprocal seizures by Russia against Western interests.As EU leaders scramble for alternatives  the Belgian public's overwhelming opposition reflects broader skepticism toward policies that prioritize geopolitical posturing over national stability. With Euroclear's $19 billion in Russian-held client assets now in legal crosshairs  the bloc's attempt to strong-arm member states may backfire – proving once again that financial warfare carries unpredictable consequences.For now  De Wever's resistance has stalled the EU's asset seizure gambit  forcing a reckoning over who ultimately pays the price for Ukraine's war. As the debate rages on  one truth remains clear. When governments play fast and loose with sovereign funds  citizens – not oligarchs – are often left holding the bag.Watch this video of Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever warning against the EU's plans to seize Russian assets.This video is from the Cynthia's Pursuit of Truth channel on Brighteon.com.Sources include:RT.comBrusselsTimes.comThePressUnited.comBrightU.aiBrighteon.com",neutral,0.01,0.76,0.23,negative,0.0,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'Poll', 'Majority', 'Belgians', 'OPPOSE', 'Ukraine', 'NaturalNews', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'several other EU members', 'U.S. financial stability', 'Russian central bank assets', 'potential Russian legal retaliation', 'Belgian Defense Minister', 'severe Russian retaliation', 'emergency treaty clause', 'Het Laatste Nieuws', '$160 billion budget shortfall', 'next two years', 'future peace negotiations', 'Belgian news outlets', 'severe economic retaliation', 'European Council meeting', 'past financial standoffs', 'frozen sovereign assets', 'Russian-held client assets', 'costly international lawsuits', 'unilateral asset confiscation', 'frozen Russian assets', 'The European Union', 'immobilized sovereign funds', 'Brussels-based financial clearinghouse', 'strong-arm member states', 'global financial systems', 'Belgian clearinghouse', 'potential bankruptcy', 'national stability', 'legal systems', 'Russian court', 'Russian reserves', 'Belgian leader', 'Belgian public', 'global finance', 'financial risks', 'financial burden', 'financial warfare', 'Belgian taxpayers', 'Western assets', 'legal attacks', 'economic warfare', 'legal consequences', 'international courts', 'disproportionate legal', 'asset seizures', 'legal crosshairs', 'European taxpayers', 'Belgian resistance', 'large loan', 'unanimous approval', 'major roadblock', 'Le Soir', 'reparations loan', 'steadfast refusal', 'mounting pressure', 'Czech Republic', 'catastrophic liabilities', 'EU-backed liquidity', 'geopolitical gamble', 'tat retaliations', 'Theo Francken', 'recent lawsuit', 'BrightU.AI', 'Enoch engine', 'dangerous precedent', 'reciprocal seizures', 'Western interests', 'overwhelming opposition', 'broader skepticism', 'geopolitical posturing', 'unpredictable consequences', 'one truth', 'financial liability', 'EU leadership', 'new poll', 'Ipsos poll', 'controversial plan', 'war effort', 'war chest', 'broader reckoning', 'crucial leverage', 'risk-sharing guarantees', 'EU plan', 'Majority', 'Belgians', 'OPPOSE', 'Ukraine', 'collateral', 'government', 'Belgium', 'fears', 'Euroclear', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'Italy', 'attempt', 'tensions', 'Officials', 'proposal', 'debate', 'two-thirds', 'move', 'collaboration', 'RTL', 'VTM', 'findings', 'scheme', 'scenario', 'Moscow', 'entrusted', 'share', 'Kremlin', 'push', 'Article 122', 'maneuver', 'rights', 'Thursday', 'Dec.', 'Bulgaria', 'Malta', 'Kyiv', 'face', 'Proponents', 'gap', 'echoes', 'tit', 'borders', 'conflict', 'readiness', 'billions', 'claims', 'faith', 'alternatives', 'policies', 'gambit', 'price']",2025-12-20,2025-12-21,naturalnews.com
54453,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/629807-orban-ghostbusters-euroclear-assets/,Orban casts himself and allies as ‘EU Ghostbusters’ (VIDEO),Hungarian PM Viktor Orban has cast himself and other opponents of a ‘reparations loan’ for Ukraine as ‘EU Ghostbusters’ in a video Read Full Article at RT.com,The Hungarian PM has posted a video mocking the push to use frozen Russian assets to arm Ukraine after the proposal was defeated on ThursdayHungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban has cast himself and other opponents of the ‘reparations loan’ scheme for Ukraine as ‘EU Ghostbusters’ in a video posted on X on Friday.In the video  released a day after he and his allies blocked the loan scheme at a Brussels summit  the veteran politician mocked European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and other backers of the plan as ‘ghosts’ that his team saved the EU from.On Thursday  EU states failed to agree on using $210 billion in frozen Russian central bank assets as collateral for a loan to fund Kiev’s collapsing economy and military. Despite pressure from von der Leyen and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz  the plan was blocked by Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever  Italy’s Giorgia Meloni  Slovakia’s Robert Fico  the Czech Republic’s Andrej Babis  and Orban.In the video  the Hungarian leader strings together clips of himself and other opponents of the scheme  set to the iconic theme from the 1984 comedy ‘Ghostbusters’. The montage is interspersed with shots of von der Leyen and Merz  synced to the lyrics: “if there’s something weird and it don’t look good.” Orban’s group appears to the line: “Who you gonna call? Ghostbusters!”Who you gonna call? 💪😎 pic.twitter.com/gkf9NuiHOu — Orbán Viktor (@PM_ViktorOrban) December 19  2025Orban warned on Friday that using frozen Russian assets for Ukraine would have amounted to a declaration of war. He added that it has become clear that private EU companies hold more assets in Russia than the frozen Russian assets in Europe  meaning the bloc would face heavy losses in the event of retaliation by Moscow.Russia  which regards any use of its assets as theft  has sued Euroclear over damages from the freeze and vowed to extend the case to the European banks that hold them. The EU has dismissed the lawsuit as “speculative ” though experts warn that it could damage the bloc’s financial institutions if it expands beyond Russia.At Russian President Vladimir Putin’s annual end-of-year Q&A session on Friday  he warned Kiev’s Western backers that tapping the frozen assets would backfire  causing reputational damage and undermining the Western financial system  adding that the assets will eventually have to be returned  regardless of “whatever they steal and however they do it.”,neutral,0.0,0.73,0.26,negative,0.0,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['EU Ghostbusters', 'Orban', 'allies', 'VIDEO', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'President Ursula von der Leyen', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'year Q&A session', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'German Chancellor Friedrich Merz', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Orbán Viktor', 'The Hungarian PM', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Western financial system', 'private EU companies', 'Hungarian leader', 'financial institutions', 'Western backers', 'other opponents', 'Brussels summit', 'veteran politician', 'European Commission', 'other backers', 'collapsing economy', 'Giorgia Meloni', 'Robert Fico', 'Czech Republic', 'Andrej Babis', 'iconic theme', 'heavy losses', 'European banks', 'annual end', 'reputational damage', 'EU states', 'reparations loan', 'EU Ghostbusters', 'loan scheme', 'video', 'push', 'Ukraine', 'proposal', 'Thursday', 'Friday', 'allies', 'plan', 'ghosts', 'team', 'collateral', 'Kiev', 'military', 'pressure', 'Italy', 'Slovakia', 'clips', '1984 comedy', 'montage', 'shots', 'lyrics', 'something', 'group', 'line', 'gkf9NuiHOu', 'PM_ViktorOrban', 'declaration', 'war', 'bloc', 'event', 'retaliation', 'Moscow', 'use', 'theft', 'Euroclear', 'damages', 'freeze', 'case', 'lawsuit', 'experts']",2025-12-20,2025-12-21,rt.com
54454,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2025/12/michael-hudson-trump-floundering-efforts-to-shore-up-us-hegemony.html,Michael Hudson: Trump Floundering Efforts to Shore Up US Hegemony,Why Trump's National Security Strategy and his efforts to shore up dollar dominance are proofs of weakness.,Yves here. Michael Hudson provides a useful update on Trump’s continuing efforts to shore up US primacy in both military and economic spheres via an extract from an upcoming article. I hate to have to be a stickler  but I am bothered by Hudson taking up the trope that the US will be unable to pay principal and interest on Treasuries. A sovereign currency issuer will never need to default. It can always satisfy obligations in its own currency. It can overspend and generate too much inflation. That will lead the value of its currency to fall in relation to other currencies  reducing the value of that currency to foreign holders.The US may choose to stiff creditors  say by force extending maturities of Treasuries. But it can always pay dollar obligations.And the reason central banks accumulated dollars was in large measure because they set the value of their currencies low so as to run trade surpluses and accumulate foreign exchange reserves. That was deliberate policy across Asia after the 1997 Asian financial crisis. Countries like the Republic of Korea and Thailand went through IMF bailouts and did not want to be on the receiving end of its ministrations ever again. A big FX reserve means that the country can defend its currency on its own without external help during a financial crisis.Even as late as the Obama Administration  the Treasury was criticized for not designating China as a currency manipulator for running a pegged currency pegged too low relative to the greenback. That charge continued to be made into the 2010s  when China changed to a dirty float policy and allowed gradual appreciation of the renminbi to make that claim no longer true.I also must note that SWIFT is not a clearing system. SWIFT is messaging only; clearing and settlement is not a part of SWIFT and in the dollar  happens via Fedwire.By Michael Hudson  a research professor of Economics at University of Missouri  Kansas City  and a research associate at the Levy Economics Institute of Bard College. His latest book is The Destiny of CivilizatioThe National Security Strategy’s Drive to Shed the Costs of Imposing Its U.S. Unipolar EmpireThe one area in which the National Security Strategy makes a claim to be realistic is to recognize that the United States cannot directly be seen to impose its control by force. This task is to be delegated more to client oligarchies and their governments  by assigning responsibility (and most important  the military costs) on a regionwide basis along lines similar to how the European Union’s foreign and domestic political policies have been made subordinate to NATO Cold War policy controlled by the United States.Replacing at least the anti-Russian rhetoric of Biden’s and the EU’s support for the war against Russia  the NSS proposes dividing the world into spheres of influence for the major regional powers: the United States (monopolizing control of all of Latin America and the Caribbean for itself)  Russia (with its Central Asian and other former Soviet republics  including what formerly was eastern Ukraine)  and China over mainland Asian neighbors. A Pacific NATO-like arrangement to be shepherded (and financed) by Japan  with India as the wild card. The EU under NATO are dismissed as a waning power with little influence.This plan is not really a division of spheres of regional influence at all  in the sense that World War II’s 1945 Yalta conference was. It does carve out a uniquely U.S. control over Latin America and the Caribbean. European and Asian countries are to keep away from investing in the major resources of these countries.[1] This is Trump’s travesty of the Monroe Doctrine. That doctrine called for a reciprocity with foreign countries: Europe would stay out of political control of Latin American countries  and the United States would not interfere in European affairs. But U.S. officials had no problem with the newly independent Latin American countries going deeply into debt to British and other foreign creditors who imposed debt dependency  much as France did with Haiti as the price of its buying its political freedom to abolish domestic slavery. The effect was for many of these countries obtained political freedom from colonialism only to fall into debt dependency. But the Monroe Doctrine was only concerned with direct political and military control.The major U.S. violation of the original Monroe Doctrine has been to maneuvere to control Eurasian affairs. It has meddled in European elections  most notably in Italy and Greece after World War II by mounting right-wing challenges to their rising Communist parties. And it has ringed Eurasia with U.S. military bases and mounted regime change coups. The effect is that U.S. diplomats have been trying for eighty years to turn the entire world into a unipolar U.S. region of influence. But the military and related costs of this effort have been largely responsible for the U.S. balance-of-payments deficit since the Korean War  and also the U.S. domestic budget deficit (at least until the neoliberal tax cuts on the revenue side of the budget). These costs are to be shifted onto foreign countries. And the NSS realizes that the costs are beyond the ability of individual nations to bear. The costs of maintaining the U.S. diplomatic empire must be assigned on a region-wide basis under the leadership of particularly loyal U.S. proxies  much as is the case with NATO countries Europe under British  French and German dominance.In Asia  U.S. diplomacy relies on the Quad (Japan  Australia  India and the United States) along with friendly governments in South Korea and the Philippines to prevent their economies and those of China and other countries in the region from obtaining oil and gas from Russia  Iran and Venezuela to install military basis ringing China. Much as U.S. neocons are trying to convince NATO allies that these adversaries pose an imminent military threat  Asian countries are being mobilized to support a separatist political movement in Taiwan.How does the notion of a Chinese or Russian sphere of influence cited by the NSS deal with the problem of who is to control the islands that Japan seized from Russia after its 1905 war  and the string of islands in the China sea extending southward toward Taiwan? The United States has proposed installing missiles and other arms on these islands  as it has done in Okinawa. This interference in the promised U.S. downsizing of its empire actually shifts the costs of military confrontation with China onto Japan and other countries continuing to adhere to the U.S. bloc. Will the Japan’s LDP government agree to fight to “the last Japanese ” as that of Ukraine has forced its population to fight to the last Ukrainian?Japan has long been viewed as a candidate for establishing its own Monroe Doctrine over China and neighboring Asia on behalf of the United States. A few years ago the United States tried to add Japan to the UN Security Council. Russia opposed this  saying that this was simply giving the United States another automatic vote.[2]Just as U.S. diplomacy has used the NATO-EU and Britain as proxies: against Russia  Japan is to lead the fight against China  while the Trump Administration renews its attempts to stir up an Indian conflict with China.The NSS strategy seeks to shoehorn Japan into what it proposes to be a five-nation leadership in a coordinated regional diplomatic alliance headed by the United States  with its two major adversaries China and Russia  The aim is to pry Russia away from China by offering to end the trade and financial sanctions against it – and even the promise of U.S. investment in its mineral development (as if this is not Russia’s nightmare  given the history of Michael Khodorkovsky  Browder and their fellow kleptocrats and U.S. sponsors).Within the Western Hemisphere  the U.S. policy thrust is to block China  Russia and Iran from investing in and supporting Venezuela  Cuba  Brazil and other Latin American and Caribbean countries that U.S. diplomacy aims at dominating by installing or continuing to support its own client oligarchies  kleptocrats and military dictatorships.Trump’s dream goes beyond getting other countries to support current U.S. industry. His hope is to escalate the Biden administration’s confrontational stance by imposing high enough U.S. tariffs – along with sanctions against Russia and China – to steer other countries to relocate their industry and financial fortunes to the United States. This policy was initiated by the destruction of the Nord Stream pipeline raising European energy prices to make Germany’s auto  steel  glass and other industries no longer profitable. Trump  like Biden  hopes that this will lead major German industrial companies to move to the United States  along with their technology and even much of their skilled labor. But China  with its less financialized and lower-cost economy  is the more attractive place for relocation of German industry  whose companies already have built major steel plants in Wuhan and Shanghai. Ironically  China thus may prove to be the ultimate beneficiary from the Nord Stream affair.Dedollarization  and Trump’s Drive to Counteract ItTo cap matters foreign investors are supposed to keep their savings in the United States  or at least in dollarized investments  and even to shift their stockholdings to the U.S. market. The guiding fantasy is that trade policy and investment inflows by themselves can make U.S. industrial production more competitive.The United States has become financially dependent on other countries to invest their foreign-exchange reserves in U.S. Treasury securities to prevent the dollar’s exchange rate from plunging as a result of the monetary drain flowing from America’s foreign military spending that has been mainly responsible for its balance-of-payments deficits since 1950 (and which today is supplemented by its spending to import the manufactures that its deindustrialized economy no longer produces).But now the international financial system has become multipolar as other countries respond to U.S. weaponization of trade and imposition of financial sanctions by decoupling from U.S. dollar. The U.S. strategy of working with its European allies to confiscate Russian and Venezuelan official monetary reserves held in Belgium’s Euroclear system (in the case of Russia’s reserves) or the Bank of England (in the case of Venezuela’s gold) has undermined confidence in the dollar as a vehicle for holding foreign-exchange reserves and the United States and Europe as places in which to hold official monetary savings. Germany asked for its gold holdings in the United States to be physical returned to it  and other countries are refraining from increasing their holdings of central-bank monetary reserves in dollars (and now in euros in light of Euroclear’s seizure of Russian savings).Dedollarization is a defensive policy to avoid the U.S. weaponization of international finance and banking. Most central bank dollar holdings since the 1970s have been in the form of U.S. Treasury securities. But in addition to the U.S. weaponization of the dollar  there are rising worries that America’s rising foreign debt and dangerously debt-leveraged domestic economy may make these Treasury IOUs ultimately unpayable.So the world trend toward dedollarization is proceeding on two fronts. On the one hand  countries are settling their trade balances by trading in each other’s currencies  and holding such currencies in their foreign-exchange reserves in accordance with swap agreements. This avoids the exchange-rate for such payments. In addition  countries are holding a rising proportion of their monetary reserves in gold as a long-established international standard for settling payments balances instead of buying U.S. government bonds and notes  or even leaving their gold reserves on deposit with the New York Federal Reserve or Bank of England.The United States itself has been the great catalyst in forcing the shift to trade in non-dollar currencies. The Bank of England has confiscated Venezuela’s gold holdings kept in Britain as collateral to back its foreign-exchange credit to support its exchange rate. A few years ago Germany asked for its gold reserves to be returned from the United States. It seems that there has been some stalling in this  as financial reporters have been unable to find any information on how much gold has actually been transported back to Germany. It has become obvious that physical ownership is needed as protection against U.S.  British and EU confiscation  especially since the EU has frozen Euroclear holdings of Russia’s foreign-currency reserves held in Belgium and other countries under NATO control.Another dynamic driving countries to withdraw the dollar-centered financial system has been the U.S. threats to abruptly exclude them from being able to process bank payment transfers through the European SWIFT bank-clearing system. Russia was excluded in February 2022 when it started its special military operation to protect Russian speakers in eastern Ukraine. The aim was to paralyze its ability to process trade and investment payments. But Russia survived  of course. And a benefit to other countries shifting away from this Western system is that China has created its own electronic payments system  which charges lower fees for processing payments and exchange-rate fees for trade and other payments other than in dollarsBut on the deepest level the greatest threat to dedollarization is that the dollars that are being pumped into the international economy are largely the result of America’s foreign military spending. Nations that hold U.S. Treasury securities as the main component of their central bank reserves provide an international free lunch for the United States. When gold ceased to be a politically acceptable vehicle for holding foreign-exchange reserves after the United States stopped settling its deficits in gold in 1971  the world’s central banks had no alternative to holding their foreign-exchange reserves the form of U.S. Treasury bills  notes and longer-term bonds.What made this arrangement so predatory was that by holding central bank savings in U.S. government debt    other countries have been financing the U.S. military spending that has been surrounding them with bases and also U.S. regime change activities. Instead of selling gold or other assets to finance its balance-of-payments deficits as other countries have to do  the United States has been able to pay for this foreign military spending – and increasingly also the industrial imports of products that it no longer produces at home – simply by issuing IOUs.Until recently there has been seemingly no limit to this exploitative unilateral “exorbitant privilege.” Yet President Trump has floated the suggestion for a Mar-a-Lago Accord in which foreign government holdings of dollar reserves should be converted into hundred-year notes  avoiding any pressure for the United States to redeem these dollars in the foreseeable future.[3] As President Nixon’s Treasury Secretary  John Connally  quipped at a meeting of European finance ministers shortly after the United States went off gold  “It’s our dollar  but your problem.” The present U.S. position is to tell foreign central banks and other dollars to trade U.S. government IOUs among themselves as means of payment  but that actual requests for meaningful redemption will be viewed as an unfriendly act.The increasing risk of holding international savings in the form of U.S. dollar debts has led countries to return to gold as a politically safer settlement vehicle. That is why its price is rising. China has not reduced its dollar holdings by much in quantitative terms  but all the increase in its foreign reserves have been in the form of gold and the currencies of its major trading partners  or capital investments in the countries of its Belt and Road initiative – its port development and other internal Asian transportation  and even the Panama Canal and Middle Eastern and European ports. It seems likely that capital investments in non-Western economies will be added to the repertory of non-dollar options in which China and other governments central banks can hold their international capital reserves.Trump’s drive to attract foreign financing to the U.S. debt market via cryptocurrencyIn seeking to counter other countries’ moves away from the dollar  the most recent U.S. tactic is to try to surreptitiously get other countries to hold dollars by persuading them to invest in stablecoins – cryptocurrency that is invested in U.S. Treasury securities  not bonds of China or other countries. That would support the dollar’s exchange rate. Martin Wolf in the Financial Times points out that the largest holder of U.S. debt no longer is Japan  but stablecoin. Wolf’s fellow Financial Times columnist Gillian Tett has cited Standard Chartered bank’s prediction that “the stablecoin sector will grow from $280bn to $2tn by 2028.”[4]The problem is that rising interest rates would reduce the price of the U.S. bonds in which stablecoins are invested  leading to negative equity. Investors would sell off their holdings  moving funds out of the U.S. economy and its dollar. The Trump Administration has raised this risk by exerting pressure to prevent regulation of cryptocurrencies as financial securities by the Securities and Exchange Commission and other oversight agencies. This deregulation (“clearing away the bureaucracy”) increases the risk of defaults as market declines cause insolvency by banks that make loans backed by stablecoins. They are not regulated  are not transparent  and their valuation tends to swing wildly  as that of bitcoin has shown with its fall of over 20% in recent months.And a major aim of cryptocurrencies is  of course  to facilitate tax evasion and criminal activities through libertarian “privacy” (that is  secrecy from public authorities) and criminal management of such currencies themselves. The Trump Administration’s support for cryptocurrencies actually is a new version of the U.S. drive to promote offshore banking centers in the 1960s.At that time I was working at Chase Manhattan Bank and asked to estimate the balance-of-payments inflow to the dollar from U.S. moves to attract the world’s criminal income  kleptocratic embezzlement and flight capital to such locations. U.S. banks were urged to set up branches in the Caribbean and other such centers to provide safe havens for tax evaders  embezzlers  other criminals  kleptocrats and government officials to attract their “hot money” to help offset the U.S balance-of-payments deficit. Inasmuch as criminals traditionally are the most liquid business class  they are a natural target for attracting monetary inflows.The analogue of such havens today is cryptocurrency such as stablecoin  whose sales proceeds are invested in U.S. Treasury securities as a means of attracting foreign savings to the U.S economy to support the dollar. The hope  of course  is to avoid a selloff of such cryptocurrency leading to sale of Treasury bills and bonds  driving the dollar’s exchange rate down and interest rates up.[1] The most notable recent example is Venezuela. Trump’s insistence on monopolizing and privatizing control its oil has led him to block Chinese and Russian investment and military support  just as Trump is insisting that China divest itself of its Panama Canal port development.[2] General Douglas MacArthur used the Japanese criminal gangs to fight the socialists to prevent a socialist government from gaining office in Japan. The NDP is a U.S. satellite  willing to sacrifice the country at the Louvre and Plaza accords in the 1970s.[3] The proposal was designed by Stephen Miran  the head of Trump’s Council of Economic Advisors to arm-twist “allies to hold century bonds (100-year Treasuries) as a condition of continued U.S. security support.” See Mario Solovievo and Andrew Foran  “The Non-Starter Playbook of the Mar-a-Lago Accord ” https://economics.td.com/us-mar-a-lago-accord  May 1  2025. All this requires a constant hundred-year belief that Russia  China or other adversaries pose an imminent military threat to European and other holders of such securities out of fear of losing U.S. protection against such imaginary aggression.[4] Martin Wolf  “Why we should worry about stablecoins ” Financial Times  December 10  2025 ,neutral,0.01,0.83,0.16,mixed,0.04,0.19,0.76,True,English,"['Trump Floundering Efforts', 'Michael Hudson', 'US Hegemony', 'U.S. domestic budget deficit', 'A Pacific NATO-like arrangement', 'U.S. Unipolar Empire', 'unipolar U.S. region', 'other former Soviet republics', 'major U.S. violation', 'U.S. military bases', 'The National Security Strategy', 'independent Latin American countries', 'NATO Cold War policy', 'U.S. officials', 'U.S. diplomats', 'U.S. balance', 'U.S. control', 'big FX reserve', 'dirty float policy', 'rising Communist parties', 'regime change coups', 'neoliberal tax cuts', 'domestic political policies', 'major regional powers', 'mainland Asian neighbors', 'foreign exchange reserves', 'Levy Economics Institute', 'World War II', '1997 Asian financial crisis', 'sovereign currency issuer', 'original Monroe Doctrine', 'other foreign creditors', 'payments deficit', 'domestic slavery', 'deliberate policy', 'major resources', 'Korean War', 'other currencies', 'Central Asian', 'Asian countries', 'entire world', 'foreign holders', 'The Destiny', 'foreign countries', 'political freedom', 'direct political', 'useful update', 'continuing efforts', 'upcoming article', 'central banks', 'large measure', 'trade surpluses', 'IMF bailouts', 'receiving end', 'external help', 'Obama Administration', 'gradual appreciation', 'research professor', 'Kansas City', 'research associate', 'Bard College', 'latest book', 'one area', 'United States', 'client oligarchies', 'regionwide basis', 'anti-Russian rhetoric', 'eastern Ukraine', 'wild card', 'waning power', 'regional influence', '1945 Yalta conference', 'political control', 'Eurasian affairs', 'right-wing challenges', 'eighty years', 'revenue side', 'The US', 'military control', 'European Union', 'European affairs', 'European elections', 'The EU', 'Michael Hudson', 'US primacy', 'military costs', 'debt dependency', 'related costs', 'clearing system', 'little influence', 'currency manipulator', 'economic spheres', 'dollar obligations', 'Yves', 'Trump', 'extract', 'stickler', 'trope', 'principal', 'interest', 'Treasuries', 'inflation', 'value', 'relation', 'force', 'maturities', 'reason', 'dollars', 'Thailand', 'ministrations', 'country', 'Treasury', 'China', 'greenback', 'charge', '2010s', 'renminbi', 'claim', 'SWIFT', 'messaging', 'settlement', 'Fedwire', 'University', 'Missouri', 'Civilizatio', 'Drive', 'task', 'governments', 'responsibility', 'lines', 'Biden', 'support', 'NSS', 'Caribbean', 'Japan', 'India', 'plan', 'division', 'sense', 'travesty', 'reciprocity', 'problem', 'British', 'France', 'Haiti', 'price', 'effect', 'colonialism', 'Italy', 'Greece']",2025-12-20,2025-12-21,nakedcapitalism.com
54455,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globalsecurity.org/wmd/library/news/ukraine/2025/12/ukraine-251219-pdo01.htm,Why EU wavers on using frozen Russian assets to aid Ukraine,EU leaders are meeting in Brussels from Thursday to Friday for a European Council summit  sparking once again heated debate among member states.,"Why EU wavers on using frozen Russian assets to aid UkrainePeople's Daily Online(Xinhua) 08:14  December 19  2025""Using frozen Russian assets is legally complex and politically sensitive "" commented Fabian Zuleeg  chief economist at the European Policy Center.BRUSSELS  Dec. 18 (Xinhua) -- EU leaders are meeting in Brussels from Thursday to Friday for a European Council summit  sparking once again heated debate among member states.One of the most closely watched items is whether the bloc can move beyond tapping interest from frozen Russian assets and start leveraging the principal to support Ukraine. The debate has run for years  but why does the EU still hesitate at this moment?HOW MUCH HAS BEEN FROZENAfter the Ukraine crisis escalated in February 2022  Western countries moved to freeze roughly 300 billion U.S. dollars in overseas assets belonging to Russia's central bank  with most of that amount located in Europe. European Commission data put the total frozen inside the EU at about 210 billion euros (about 246 billion U.S. dollars).Around 90 percent of the frozen assets in the EU are held via Euroclear  the Brussels-based international central securities depository. The pool generates about 3 billion euros in interest per year.In May 2024  the Council of the EU adopted a package enabling the net proceeds generated by immobilized Russian assets to be used to further support Ukraine  including support for Ukraine's defense industry and reconstruction.In June 2024  G7 leaders agreed to provide Ukraine with a 50-billion-U.S.-dollar loan backed by the proceeds generated by frozen Russian assets. Since then  the EU's internal debate over how to use the assets  and how far it can go beyond  has continued to intensify.WHAT IS EU WORRIED ABOUTAnalysts say the bloc's reluctance to take what some describe as a more ""radical"" step reflects two core concerns: crossing legal red lines and risking financial instability.First comes the legal issue. Directly confiscating the principal would be difficult to justify under established legal practice and could set a precedent that policymakers fear may be hard to contain.European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde has repeatedly urged the EU to respect international law and warned that the euro's global standing could be damaged.Second is the fear of knock-on effects in markets. Analysts note that the move could trigger broader doubts about Europe as a safe jurisdiction for reserves and cross-border holdings. That  they warn  could prompt a large-scale capital exodus and ultimately undermine the euro's role as a reserve currency.A further complication is retaliation risk. Russia's central bank filed a lawsuit against Euroclear this week  sharpening concerns that Russia could seek to seize or immobilize remaining Western-linked assets in Russia as compensation. Such tit-for-tat dynamics could leave European companies and financial institutions facing a higher risk of stranded assets.""Using frozen Russian assets is legally complex and politically sensitive "" commented Fabian Zuleeg  chief economist at the European Policy Center. He added that with Ukraine's needs growing  budgets constrained  and public support unable to be stretched indefinitely  the issue is becoming increasingly difficult for Europe to avoid.WHO SUPPORTS IT  WHO OPPOSES ITWith many EU member states reluctant to rely on national budgets to sustain support for Ukraine  the argument over whether to use frozen Russian assets has grown intense both inside the EU and across the Atlantic.U.S. outlet Politico has reported that the U.S. government opposes the plan to fund Ukraine by using frozen Russian assets and has urged Italy  Bulgaria  Malta  and the Czech Republic to join that stance.Within the EU  Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban has said the bloc must do everything possible to avoid using Russian assets  while Slovakia has taken a similar position. Belgium  where Euroclear is headquartered  has been another key opponent  citing concerns about retaliation and the prospect that it could end up carrying disproportionate legal and financial exposure.Supporters of the plan  including European Council President Antonio Costa and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen  have sought to align member states ahead of the summit in hopes of achieving a breakthrough.Ahead of the meeting  the EU decided to keep Russia's assets in the EU frozen  linking the duration to the end of the conflict and compensation for damage. Previously  the EU's asset-freeze measures were renewed every six months  requiring unanimous approval by all 27 member states each time. (1 euro = 1.17 U.S. dollars)NEWS LETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address",neutral,0.01,0.6,0.39,negative,0.0,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'EU', 'Ukraine', 'European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde', 'President Ursula von der Leyen', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Brussels-based international central securities depository', 'European Council President Antonio Costa', 'GlobalSecurity.org mailing list', '50-billion-U.S.-dollar loan', '300 billion U.S. dollars', '246 billion U.S. dollars', '1.17 U.S. dollars', 'many EU member states', 'U.S. outlet', 'U.S. government', 'European Policy Center', 'large-scale capital exodus', 'European Commission data', 'European Council summit', 'remaining Western-linked assets', 'legal red lines', 'frozen Russian assets', 'two core concerns', 'international law', 'European companies', 'frozen assets', '210 billion euros', '3 billion euros', '27 member states', 'overseas assets', 'stranded assets', 'legal practice', 'disproportionate legal', 'Daily Online', 'Fabian Zuleeg', 'chief economist', 'Western countries', 'defense industry', 'G7 leaders', 'radical"" step', 'financial instability', 'global standing', 'broader doubts', 'safe jurisdiction', 'cross-border holdings', 'reserve currency', 'Such tit', 'tat dynamics', 'financial institutions', 'higher risk', 'Czech Republic', 'similar position', 'key opponent', 'financial exposure', 'asset-freeze measures', 'unanimous approval', 'NEWS LETTER', 'Email Address', 'legal issue', 'heated debate', 'internal debate', 'net proceeds', 'retaliation risk', 'national budgets', 'public support', 'EU leaders', 'Ukraine crisis', 'People', 'Dec.', 'Xinhua', 'Thursday', 'Friday', 'items', 'bloc', 'interest', 'principal', 'years', 'moment', 'MUCH', 'February', 'amount', 'total', '90 percent', 'Euroclear', 'pool', 'May', 'package', 'reconstruction', 'June', 'Analysts', 'reluctance', 'precedent', 'policymakers', 'fear', 'effects', 'markets', 'move', 'reserves', 'role', 'complication', 'lawsuit', 'compensation', 'needs', 'WHO', 'argument', 'Atlantic', 'Politico', 'plan', 'Italy', 'Bulgaria', 'Malta', 'stance', 'everything', 'Slovakia', 'Belgium', 'prospect', 'Supporters', 'hopes', 'breakthrough', 'meeting', 'duration', 'end', 'conflict', 'damage']",2025-12-20,2025-12-21,globalsecurity.org
54456,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rte.ie/news/analysis-and-comment/2025/1220/1549893-russian-assets-eu/,Russian assets: A bridge too far for EU and Belgium,A so-called Reparations Loan was discussed at length by EU leaders but ultimately proved too complex and an EU joint debt plan was put into motion.,"It was hard to overstate the high-stakes billing Thursday's EU leaders summit had earned.This  said critics  was Europe’s moment to assert its muscle and relevance in the face of US President Donald Trump’s hostility and the long-term baleful threat posed by Russia.For Ukraine  the stakes were nothing short of survival. The Trump administration is putting heavy pressure on President Volodymyr Zelensky to accept a peace plan  even by Christmas  with the threat of complete US disengagement hanging over the Ukrainian people.""If the US pulls out its intelligence  that's it for Ukraine "" said a senior EU source close to discussions.""They are caught between having the imperative of America still supporting them  and doing a deal. It's an awful dilemma.""The US-Russia deal itself originally envisaged frozen Russian assets being turned into a signing bonus of €265bn for the US (€88bn for American firms and €175bn for joint US-Russia investment funds).""If Europe doesn't use the immobilised Russian sovereign assets  Donald Trump will "" warned Jim O’Brien  distinguished visiting fellow with the European Council on Foreign Relations (ECFR).""The US-Russian plan already puts the Russian assets in play  under US and Russian direction. The only thing in question is whether Europe will be at the table.""Would EU leaders rise to the occasion?Some €210bn in Russian central bank assets were immobilised just days after the invasion in February 2022. Around €185bn of those assets have been held in a Belgian securities depository  Euroclear.While confiscating the assets has long been a taboo  by the summer there was talk of using them to underwrite a long-term loan to meet Ukraine’s financial and military needs. The loan would only be repaid to Euroclear once Russia started making war reparations.Commission President Ursula von der Leyen floated the idea of a so-called Reparations Loan in her State of the Union speech in September  and it was further boosted by an unexpected op-ed in the Financial Times by German Chancellor Friedrich Merz.A majority of EU member states  including Ireland  were in favour. Hungary and Slovakia  both friendly to Moscow  were not.Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever argued for joint debt (file pic)Belgium had long argued that using the Russian assets parked in Euroclear to fund Ukraine would open the country to hostile legal action by Russia which  if successful  could land a liability worth tens of billions of euro.At a summit in October  EU leaders pledged to meet Ukraine’s funding needs no matter what  and invited the Commission to come up with ideas. On 17 November  the Commission circulated three options: joint EU debt raised in the capital markets backed by unspent budget funds; direct bilateral loans by member states; and the Russian assets plan.On 3 December  the Commission produced legal texts  now only on the joint debt and Russian assets plan.In meetings between member states and the Commission  it became clear the joint debt option was not a runner: for the Commission to use EU budget funds to raise a huge loan would require a change to the budget legislation. Since the money was not for a member state but a third country  there would have to be unanimity. Hungary would veto it.However  Belgium continued to argue for joint debt. Officials said that it offered clarity and predictability  would be cheaper  quicker and more transparent.At a summit in Copenhagen in late September  and again in Brussels in October  Belgian Prime Minister Bart de Wever said he would only countenance touching the Russian assets if the risk was carried by all member states and that any other country quietly holding immobilised assets would also have to move.""If not "" Mr De Wever said  ""I will do everything in my power at the European level  also at the national level  politically and legally  to stop this decision.""Talks between the Commission and Belgium intensified. Commission officials were concerned that guarantees demanded of other member states looked too open-ended. If a Belgian company in Moscow had its assets seized in retaliation  would all other member states have to foot the bill?Legal experts debated the case above and beyond the corridors of Brussels.While outright confiscation of assets was seen as legally dubious  and while using them to underwrite a loan to Ukraine could jeopardise the eurozone as a place to deposit sovereign wealth  the majority opinion has been that Russia - which daily breaches every concept of international law since it invaded Ukraine - would have a hard time getting an appropriate international tribunal to find in its favour  and then enforce the result on Belgium.Even if Russia brought a case under the UN Convention on the immunity of state property  it would have to go to the International Court of Justice (ICJ)  a court whose jurisdiction Russia does not recognise.Furthermore  Russia going to the ICJ would expose it to an even higher claim by Ukraine. ""Even if it could plead the case that Belgium was somehow liable for €185bn  Russia would be liable for €500bn or €600bn for damages caused to Ukraine "" said one lawyer.In a White Paper circulated in early December  Covington & Burling  an international law firm  concluded: ""Because there is no international court or tribunal with general jurisdiction over violations of international law  many such violations simply cannot be challenged before an international adjudicative body.""Russia has taken advantage of this fact for years to avoid accountability for its unlawful occupation of Crimea since 2014  its covert invasion of Ukraine’s Donbas region starting around the same time  and its full-scale invasion of Ukraine beginning in February 2022.""Ursula von der Leyen floated the idea of a Reparations Loan in September (file pic)Yet  Belgian officials complained that their concerns were not being taken seriously. Mr De Wever used the analogy of buying a plane ticket: yes  the risk of the plane crashing was small  but if it did the consequences were catastrophic.""Stealing the frozen assets of another country - its sovereign wealth funds - has never been done before. This is money belonging to the Central Bank of Russia. Even during the Second World War  German funds were not confiscated  only frozen "" he said.As Thursday’s summit approached  Belgian officials intensified their contacts with the European Commission. While diplomats acknowledged that the EU was taking Belgium’s concerns more seriously  their demands remained intact.On 15 December  Russia's central bank filed a lawsuit in Moscow seeking €190bn in damages from Euroclear. Even if the lawsuit was not actionable in the EU  the central bank said it would seek to apply jurisdiction in a ""friendly"" country.This prompted Belgium to toughen its demands. EU leaders would have to agree to full mutualisation of the risk  and full coverage from all possible types of litigation. Russian retaliation was no longer a risk but a ""fact"". Officials noted that the damages claim of €190bn was ten billion higher than Euroclear’s actual balance sheet.As talks continued  EU ambassadors met almost daily to discuss the Reparations Loan.Since the primary safeguard was that no legal action could dislodge the Russian assets so long as they were subject to EU sanctions  member states agreed to close a key loophole: the Hungarian veto.Since EU sanctions must be rolled over by unanimity every six months  a veto by Hungary’s Viktor Orban would derail the Reparations Loan. To close that risk off  member states used emergency legislation - Article 122 of the Lisbon Treaty - to ensure that the Russian assets remained subject to sanctions law - i.e. remained frozen - until Russia began to make war reparations.Belgium supported the move. However  De Wever also wanted Article 122 to be invoked for the other option: joint debt raised on the back of unspent EU funds. This option  remember  had been put back on the shelf because it relied on unanimity. Why not use Article 122 to sidestep a Hungarian veto in that context?Belgium had support from an unlikely quarter: the ECB President Christine Lagarde.One EU diplomat said that at a dinner of finance ministers on 12 December  Lagarde had remarked that ""if you can use Article 122 for the sanctions law  surely you can use it for issuing debt against the EU budget headroom?""The idea was put to the legal services of both the European Commission and in the Council of the European Union (which represents member states). The verdict came back that it was a non-runner: such a move would require a change to EU budget law  since the money would be going to a third country. The European Parliament  which is a co-legislator on the budget  would also have to get involved.'It is money today  or blood tomorrow ' said Donald Tusk (file pic)As the summit approached  Belgian officials acknowledged that progress had been made. The main problem remained: if the risk of a successful litigation payout for Russia was unlimited  then there could not be a cap on the kinds of guarantees other member states were prepared to sign up to.Italy  Bulgaria and Malta began to express reservations about the Reparations Loan. Officials said if Belgium was on board  those countries would drop their concerns.As leaders arrived on Thursday for the summit  Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk captured the sense of reckoning. ""It is money today  or blood tomorrow. I am not talking about Ukraine. I am talking about Europe.""The Guardian  quoting European security sources  reported that Belgian politicians and senior finance executives had been subject to a campaign of intimidation orchestrated by Russian military intelligence.Officials were contemplating a drastic step. Using the so-called Qualified Majority Vote at the summit to get around Belgium’s objections.This would be a serious breach of the sacrosanct rule of the European Council: EU leaders would not railroad a fellow prime minister on an issue of grave national importance. Denmark’s Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen said she was prepared for that outcome.To avoid that scenario  the objective then was to provide the guarantees Belgium was demanding. President Zelensky arrived and held a brief bilateral meeting with Bart de Wever. He warned afterwards that Ukrainian drone production would slump if a loan was not forthcoming.As leaders went into session  the plan by António Costa  the President of the European Council  was to get them to focus on the other big items on the agenda - the Middle East  the EU budget  security and defence  enlargement - while technical teams worked on the Reparations Loan in the background.After lunch Donald Tusk briefed reporters that the Russian assets-based Reparations Loan was the only show in town.However  the revised text which emerged as a result of the technical discussions was only given to leaders before they sat for dinner  meaning they had only a short time to study it.Micheál Martin said it was disappointing that the Russian assets had not been used (file pic)Senior sources say the new text was startling: the guarantees for Belgium appeared to be unlimited  and Belgian companies whose assets might be seized in Russia would be compensated. To leaders who had ordered their own companies to withdraw from Russia after the invasion  and which had lost millions  this was a non-starter.By that stage in the evening  it was clear the Reparations Loan was too complex  and too unacceptable for Belgium. Costa then suggested going back to the option that had hitherto been thought unworkable: joint EU debt. Whereas the Reparations Loan has taken 15 hours to work up  the joint debt plan was pretty much ready to go.At 3am  the deal was done.Instead of reaching for Article 122  the joint debt plan  worth €90bn over two years  would rely on another mechanism - enhanced cooperation - to get around the unanimity problem. Hungary  Slovakia and the Czech Republic did not object to the plan  so long as they were not liable for the debt being repaid.The Russian assets would remain frozen and could be used in the future by the EU to repay the money it had borrowed on the markets if Russia did not make war reparations.President Costa and Commission President Ursula von der Leyen hailed the result as Europe remaining united and delivering. President Zelensky said on X that the deal ""truly strengthens our resilience. It is important that Russian assets remain immobilised and that Ukraine has received a financial security guarantee for the coming years. Thank you for the result and for unity. Together  we are defending the future of our continent"".Taoiseach Micheál Martin said yesterday it was ""disappointing"" that the Russian assets had not been used  but he understood Belgium’s concerns.""I think it will be in the aftermath of the war that people will realise the enormity  the impact of death and destruction "" he said. The loan - considerably smaller than the €750bn the EU borrowed for the Covid recovery fund - was the price Europe had to pay for Russia’s war on the continent.The Kremlin was quick to gloat.Kirill Dmitriev  President ⁠Vladimir Putin's special envoy posted: ""Major ⁠BLOW to EU warmongers led ⁠by failed Ursula - voices of reason in ⁠the ‍EU ⁠BLOCKED the ILLEGAL use ‍of Russian reserves to ⁠fund Ukraine.""However  the EU loan will be one less problem for the Ukrainian leadership to worry about as talks with US and EU officials resume. There is growing clamour for the war to end  such is the horrific death toll. EU officials remain uncertain whether Vladimir Putin shares these concerns in private  whatever about his combative rhetoric in public.",neutral,0.01,0.66,0.33,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'bridge', 'EU', 'Belgium', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'German Chancellor Friedrich Merz', 'joint US-Russia investment funds', 'Mr De Wever', 'Russian central bank assets', 'US President Donald Trump', 'President Volodymyr Zelensky', 'Belgian securities depository', 'The Trump administration', 'Jim O’Brien', 'distinguished visiting fellow', 'unspent budget funds', 'direct bilateral loans', 'senior EU source', 'EU budget funds', 'The US-Russia deal', 'hostile legal action', 'appropriate international tribunal', 'joint debt option', 'complete US disengagement', 'joint EU debt', 'EU member states', 'other member states', 'long-term baleful threat', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'Russian assets plan', 'EU leaders summit', 'Belgian company', 'budget legislation', 'Russian direction', 'peace plan', 'US-Russian plan', 'sovereign wealth', 'legal texts', 'Legal experts', 'international law', 'other country', 'long-term loan', 'high-stakes billing', 'heavy pressure', 'Ukrainian people', 'awful dilemma', 'signing bonus', 'American firms', 'European Council', 'Foreign Relations', 'military needs', 'war reparations', 'Union speech', 'unexpected op', 'file pic', 'three options', 'capital markets', 'European level', 'national level', 'outright confiscation', 'hard time', 'UN Convention', 'higher claim', 'International Court', 'third country', 'state property', 'Reparations Loan', 'huge loan', 'Financial Times', 'late September', 'majority opinion', 'Commission officials', 'critics', 'moment', 'muscle', 'relevance', 'face', 'hostility', 'Ukraine', 'survival', 'Christmas', 'intelligence', 'discussions', 'imperative', 'ECFR', 'play', 'thing', 'question', 'table', 'occasion', 'invasion', 'February', 'Euroclear', 'taboo', 'summer', 'talk', 'idea', 'Ireland', 'favour', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'Moscow', 'Belgium', 'liability', 'tens', 'billions', 'October', 'funding', '17 November', '3 December', 'meetings', 'runner', 'change', 'money', 'unanimity', 'clarity', 'predictability', 'Copenhagen', 'Brussels', 'risk', 'power', 'decision', 'guarantees', 'retaliation', 'case', 'corridors', 'eurozone', 'place', 'concept', 'result', 'immunity', 'Justice', 'ICJ', 'jurisdiction']",2025-12-20,2025-12-21,rte.ie
54457,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globalsecurity.org/wmd/library/news/ukraine/2025/12/ukraine-251219-presstv02.htm,Fearing risks in using Russian assets  EU agrees €90bn Ukraine war loan,EU leaders have agreed to provide Ukraine with a €90 billion ($98 billion) loan backed by the bloc's common budget  while shelving plans to use frozen Russian state assets amid legal and financial concerns and repeated warnings from Moscow.,"Fearing risks in using Russian assets  EU agrees €90bn Ukraine war loanIran Press TVFriday  19 December 2025 7:05 AMEU leaders have agreed to provide Ukraine with a €90 billion ($98 billion) loan backed by the bloc's common budget  while shelving plans to use frozen Russian state assets amid legal and financial concerns and repeated warnings from Moscow.The agreement was reached early on Friday after overnight talks at a summit in Brussels  as the EU sought to secure funding to continue the war in Ukraine over the next two years.Under the deal  the EU will raise funds through loans guaranteed by its shared budget  abandoning proposals backed by some member states to leverage around €200 billion in Russian central bank assets frozen in the bloc.The plan failed to win consensus  largely due to objections from Belgium  where most of the assets are held. Belgian officials warned of legal risks and the potential for retaliatory measures that would disproportionately affect the country.Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever welcomed the outcome  saying it avoided significant legal and financial exposure.""This was extremely risky and raised many unanswered questions "" De Wever told reporters. ""Rationality has prevailed.""Russia has repeatedly warned the EU against using its frozen assets  calling any such move illegal.On Thursday  Russia's central bank said it would seek compensation through a Russian arbitration court over the freezing and potential use of its assets held in EU financial institutions  including claims for lost profits.""In connection with ongoing attempts by EU authorities to seize and illegally use the assets of the Bank of Russia  we declare that compensation will be sought "" the central bank said in a statement  adding that damages of up to $230 billion would be claimed from Euroclear  where most of the assets are held.EU member states have agreed to maintain an indefinite freeze on Russian central bank assets imposed after the outbreak of the Ukraine war in 2022.Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday that any expropriation of Russian assets would not go unanswered.""All possible legal mechanisms will be used "" he was quoted by state news agency Tass as saying.Separately  Russia warned against any deployment of European troops to Ukraine  saying such forces would be considered ""legitimate targets.""In a statement  Russia's foreign ministry accused the EU of planning to ""occupy"" Ukraine rather than seeking a settlement.Russian President Vladimir Putin has previously said foreign troops sent to Ukraine would be treated as legitimate military targets.The developments come amid divisions within the EU over the war and its role in possible peace talks. French President Emmanuel Macron said Europe should engage directly with Moscow.""It is in our interest as Europeans and Ukrainians to re-engage discussions "" Macron said  adding talks should begin ""in the coming weeks.""Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Ukrainian and US delegations were due to hold further talks in Washington on Friday and Saturday  while US President Donald Trump urged Kiev to move quickly towards a deal.The Kremlin said it was preparing contacts with Washington on a revised peace proposal.Earlier talks in Berlin involving US  Ukrainian and European officials ended without a breakthrough  with Russia opposing NATO membership for Ukraine and Kiev rejecting territorial concessions.NEWS LETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address",negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,negative,0.0,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Ukraine war loan', 'Fearing risks', 'Russian assets', 'EU', '90bn', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'GlobalSecurity.org mailing list', 'state news agency Tass', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'US President Donald Trump', 'frozen Russian state assets', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Russian arbitration court', 'Iran Press TV', 'next two years', 'many unanswered questions', 'legitimate military targets', 'possible legal mechanisms', 'possible peace talks', 'EU financial institutions', 'EU member states', 'Ukraine war loan', 'Belgian officials', 'Russian assets', 'frozen assets', 'NEWS LETTER', 'Ukrainian President', 'peace proposal', 'financial concerns', 'financial exposure', 'US delegations', 'Fearing risks', 'legal risks', 'retaliatory measures', 'significant legal', 'ongoing attempts', 'indefinite freeze', 'Kremlin spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'European troops', 'foreign ministry', 'foreign troops', 'coming weeks', 'Volodymyr Zelensky', 'The Kremlin', 'European officials', 'NATO membership', 'territorial concessions', 'Email Address', 'overnight talks', 'Earlier talks', 'EU leaders', 'EU authorities', 'common budget', 'potential use', '90bn', 'Friday', '19 December', 'bloc', 'plans', 'warnings', 'Moscow', 'agreement', 'summit', 'Brussels', 'funding', 'deal', 'funds', 'loans', 'proposals', 'consensus', 'objections', 'Belgium', 'country', 'outcome', 'reporters', 'Rationality', 'move', 'Thursday', 'compensation', 'freezing', 'claims', 'profits', 'connection', 'statement', 'damages', 'Euroclear', 'outbreak', 'expropriation', 'deployment', 'forces', 'settlement', 'developments', 'divisions', 'role', 'interest', 'Europeans', 'Ukrainians', 'discussions', 'Washington', 'Saturday', 'Kiev', 'contacts', 'revised', 'Berlin', 'breakthrough']",2025-12-20,2025-12-21,globalsecurity.org
54458,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globalsecurity.org/wmd/library/news/ukraine/2025/12/ukraine-251219-rferl03.htm,EU-Backed Loan To Ukraine Leaves Putin's Money Untouched And Puts Taxpayers On The Hook,In the early morning hours of December 19  the EU agreed to provide Ukraine with 90 billion euros ($105.4 billion) for 2026-2027  with the cash available as early as January next year.,"EU-Backed Loan To Ukraine Leaves Putin's Money Untouched And Puts Taxpayers On The HookBy Rikard Jozwiak December 19  2025In the early morning hours of December 19  the EU agreed to provide Ukraine with 90 billion euros ($105.4 billion) for 2026-2027  with the cash available as early as January next year.That avoids a financing shortfall  estimated at 70 billion euros  Kyiv would have found itself in as early as in April has been averted.But it was not supposed to happen in this way. Brussels wanted to leverage the nearly 200 billion euros worth of frozen Russian state assets in the EU for a reparations loan to Ukraine.Doomed Reparations LoanEuropean Commission President Ursula von der Leyen  who had been the driver of the idea since early fall  told the European Parliament earlier in the week that this would be Europe's ""independence moment"" -- a time when the bloc took a crucial decision to shape the destiny of the continent regardless of what Russia  or anyone else for that matter  had in mind.German Chancellor Friedrich Merz backed her up  calling the reparations loan ""the only option "" a view the club's Nordic-Baltic countries and Poland shared as well.In truth  it was far from a done deal.Belgium  which hosts the financial markets company Euroclear in which most of the Russian assets sit  was never truly onboard. It called for ""uncapped"" -- in other words  unlimited financial burden-sharing among EU capitals -- a proposal that many balked at  particularly Paris and Rome.The longer the night went on  the clearer it became that Belgium was far from alone and alternatives needed to be sought.Burden On The TaxpayerThe writing was on the wall when earlier in the summit France and Italy scored an important victory for their respective influential farming communities by postponing the signing of a trade deal  25 years in the making  between the EU and Mercosur (Argentina  Bolivia  Brazil  Paraguay  and Uruguay).French President Emmanuel Macron and Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni were on a roll while Merz and Von der Leyen were retreating step by step.And when the EU leaders finally called it a day after 16 hours of summitry in Brussels  Putin's money remained untouched.Instead  the cash to Ukraine will come via EU countries banding together to raise the money on the financial markets backed by what is known as the EU budget ""headroom "" which is Brussels parlance for a financial buffer or the gap between the maximum resources the EU can collect for its long-term budget (which ends in 2027) and what it actually spends.Put simply  the EU went from using Russia's money to EU taxpayer cash. But not even all. The Czech Republic -- with its new-old prime minister  Andrej Babis  back in power -- Hungary  and Slovakia all secured carve-outs meaning that this is a deal of EU-24  not EU-27.In that sense it is even less impressive than when Brussels in early 2024 agreed to use a similar method of raising nearly 50 billion euros for Ukraine on the markets. Then everyone was onboard  even Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban who got assurances that Hungary's share wouldn't go to the Ukrainian military.Together with Belgium  the Visegrad trio were clear winners in Brussels. Orban had declared  prematurely but ultimately correctly  that the reparations loan was dead already before entering the summit.The fact that Budapest won't contribute to finance Ukraine will appease his voter base ahead of the April parliamentary elections -- and harness his self-styled image as a peace promoter.Now  everyone tried to put some nice spin on this at the end of the day. And there are some upshots. The loan to Ukraine is interest free and  similarly to the reparations loan proposal  Kyiv only has to pay back the money once Russia pays reparations.The Russian assets will remain frozen until then with the EU having changed the rules last week to allow them to remain immobilized as long as is needed with no roll-over via unanimity needed every six months any longer.The final text agreed by the leaders even states that it ""reserves its right to make use of them to repay the loan."" A sort of ""reparations loan light "" after all.There is also a mention  like a consolation to the Russia hawks in the room  that work on the reparations loan will continue even though one EU official admitted that this idea is ""now on life support  at best.""Source: https://www.rferl.org/a/33627880.htmlCopyright (c) 2025. RFE/RL  Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty  1201 Connecticut Ave.  N.W. Washington DC 20036.NEWS LETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address",neutral,0.0,0.83,0.17,mixed,0.14,0.3,0.56,True,English,"['EU-Backed Loan', 'Ukraine', 'Putin', 'Money', 'Taxpayers', 'The', 'Hook', 'Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'President Ursula von der Leyen', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'respective influential farming communities', 'N.W. Washington DC', 'GlobalSecurity.org mailing list', 'German Chancellor Friedrich Merz', 'new-old prime minister', 'unlimited financial burden-sharing', 'April parliamentary elections', 'Russian state assets', 'The Czech Republic', 'one EU official', '200 billion euros worth', 'financial markets company', 'Doomed Reparations Loan', 'reparations loan light', 'early morning hours', 'reparations loan proposal', 'EU taxpayer cash', 'rferl.org', 'Russian assets', '90 billion euros', '70 billion euros', 'financial buffer', '50 billion euros', 'EU-Backed Loan', 'Rikard Jozwiak', 'January next', 'financing shortfall', 'European Commission', 'early fall', 'European Parliament', 'independence moment', 'crucial decision', 'Nordic-Baltic countries', 'other words', 'important victory', 'maximum resources', 'long-term budget', 'Andrej Babis', 'similar method', 'Ukrainian military', 'Visegrad trio', 'clear winners', 'voter base', 'peace promoter', 'nice spin', 'final text', 'life support', 'Radio Liberty', '1201 Connecticut Ave.', 'NEWS LETTER', 'Email Address', 'EU capitals', 'EU countries', 'EU budget', 'trade deal', 'Russia hawks', 'EU leaders', '16 hours', 'Ukraine', 'Putin', 'Money', 'Taxpayers', 'Hook', 'December', 'Kyiv', 'way', 'Brussels', 'driver', 'idea', 'week', 'time', 'bloc', 'destiny', 'continent', 'matter', 'mind', 'option', 'view', 'club', 'Poland', 'truth', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', 'Paris', 'Rome', 'night', 'alternatives', 'writing', 'wall', 'summit', 'France', 'Italy', 'signing', '25 years', 'making', 'Mercosur', 'Argentina', 'Bolivia', 'Brazil', 'Paraguay', 'Uruguay', 'roll', 'step', 'headroom', 'parlance', 'gap', 'power', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'carve-outs', 'sense', 'everyone', 'assurances', 'share', 'fact', 'Budapest', 'day', 'upshots', 'rules', 'unanimity', 'right', 'use', 'sort', 'mention', 'consolation', 'RFE/RL', 'permission']",2025-12-20,2025-12-21,globalsecurity.org
