UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
48718,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022868/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2025-02-14BondsSWEDEN I/L BOND: 3113  SE0009548704  2027-12-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3114  SE0013748258  2030-06-01Bid date2025-02-14Bid......,Bid procedure  2025-02-14 Bonds SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3113  SE0009548704  2027-12-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3114  SE0013748258  2030-06-01Bid date 2025-02-14 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3113: 200 million SEK +/-200 million SEK3114: 200 million SEK +/-200 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3113: 200 million SEK per bid3114: 200 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2025-02-18 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2025-02-07This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.83,0.16,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'SWEDEN I/L BOND', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'Swedish language version', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '200 million SEK', 'allocation time', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'CEST', 'Riksbank', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48719,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022566/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-SATO-Corporation.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of SATO Corporation,SATO Corporation  Stock exchange release 7 February 2025 at 9:30  Notice is hereby given to the shareholders of SATO Corporation of the Annual General......,SATO Corporation  Stock exchange release 7 February 2025 at 9:30Notice is hereby given to the shareholders of SATO Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held in the SATO office building auditorium (address: Panuntie 4  FI-00610 Helsinki  Finland) on Thursday  20 March 2025 at 13:00. The reception of registered participants and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 12:30.Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingThe following matters will be considered at the General MeetingOpening of the meetingCalling the meeting to orderElection of examiner of the minutes and a person to supervise the counting of votesRecording the legality of the meetingRecording of the participants and adoption of the list of votesPresentation of the financial statements  report of the Board of Directors and auditor’s report for the year 2024Presentation of the CEO’s reviewAdoption of the financial statementsResolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that the company will not distribute any dividend for the financial year 2024.Resolution on discharge of members of the Board of Directors and CEO from liabilityResolution on the remuneration to the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee proposes that the Chair of the Board will be paid a remuneration of EUR 38 000 (EUR 38 000 in 2024)  the Deputy Chair of the Board EUR 23 000 (EUR 23 000 in 2024) and Board Members EUR 19 000 (EUR 19 000 in 2024) for the term expiring at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election. In addition  the Board and Committee Chairs and Members will be paid EUR 500 (EUR 500 in 2024) for each meeting.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee proposes that the number of the members of the Board be confirmed as six.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee proposes that members of the Board of Directors Esa Lager  Tarja Pääkkönen  Sharam Rahi  Erik Selin and Ming Eng will be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Juha Juntunen elected as a new member of the Board for the term of office expiring at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.Further information about the candidates proposed to be elected as members of the Board of Directors and their independence is available on the company website at: AGM  notices and minutes | SATOElection of the Chair of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders’ Nomination Committee proposes that Erik Selin be elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor’s fee be paid as reasonably invoiced and approved.Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the audit firm Deloitte Oy be re-elected as the auditor of SATO Corporation. The audit firm has informed that if Deloitte Oy be elected as auditor  APA Aleksi Martamo will serve as the auditor with principal responsibility.If Deloitte Oy is elected as the auditor of SATO Corporation  it will also act as the assurer of the company's sustainability reporting for the financial year 2025  in accordance with the transitional provision of the Act amending the Companies Act (1252/2023). Deloitte Oy will be paid a fee for this task based on an invoice approved by SATO Corporation. Deloitte Oy has announced that the principal sustainability reporting assurer will be APA  Sustainability Reporting Auditor (SRA) Aleksi Martamo.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares in one or several tranches as follows:The total maximum number of shares to be issued under the authorization is 8 506 424. The maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all shares of the company. The Board of Directors decides on all terms of the share issue. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of own shares. The share issue may be carried out as a directed issue  deviating from shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights.The authorization is valid until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  but in any case  no later than 30 June 2026  and revokes the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting on 21 March 2024.Closing of the meetingDocuments of the General MeetingThis notice of the meeting  which includes the meeting agenda with the draft resolutions  is available on SATO Corporation’s website www.sato.fi/enSATO Corporation’s financial statements  report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be available on said website no later than on 13 March 2025. The draft resolutions and other above-mentioned documents will also be available at the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on 3 April 2025 at the latest.Instructions for participants of the General MeetingRight to attend and registrationEach shareholder who is on 10 March 2025 (the record date of the General Meeting) registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to attend the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares have been entered into his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.The registration for the meeting will open on 11 February 2025. A shareholder who is entered into the shareholders’ register and who wishes to attend the General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than on Monday  17 March 2025 at 16:00  by which time the registration shall be received by the company. The registration may be made as follows:by regular mail to the address SATO Corporation  Ljubov Baptiste  PO Box 401  FI-00601 Helsinki  Finlandby telephone (+358 201 34 4056 / Ljubov Baptiste) Mon–Fri 9:00–16:00  orby email to yhtiokokous@sato.fi.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/business ID  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name of the possible assistant or the authorised or proxy representative shall be provided to the company in connection with the registration.The personal data disclosed by the shareholders to SATO Corporation shall be used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations.If required  the shareholder  his/her/its authorised representative or proxy representative shall be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or the right of representation at the meeting.Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares is entitled to attend the General Meeting by virtue of shares on the basis of which he/she/it on 10 March 2025 (the record date of the Meeting) would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The attendance also requires that the shareholder is temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the basis of such shares by Monday  17 March 2025 at 10:00 at the latest. For nominee registered shares  this will constitute due registration for the General Meeting.With regard to the nominee registered shares  the holder of such shares is advised to request from his/her/its custodian bank in good time the instructions regarding temporary entry into the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the General Meeting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall request the temporary entry of the holder of the nominee registered shares wishing to attend the General Meeting into the company’s shareholders’ register at latest by the time stated above.In order to take into consideration possible voting instructions of a holder of nominee registered shares at the General Meeting  it requires that the shareholder has registered to the General Meeting and that the shareholder is present or represented at the General Meeting.Representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights by way of a representative. The shareholder’s representative shall present a dated power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner prove his/her/its right to represent the shareholder in the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several representatives representing the shareholder with shares entered into different book-entry accounts  the shares on the basis of which each representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Any proxy documents should be delivered by mail to the address SATO Corporation  Ljubov Baptiste  PO Box 401  FI-00601 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to the address yhtiokokous@sato.fi by the expiry of the registration period. In addition to submitting proxy documents  the shareholder or his/her/its representative shall register in the meeting as described above in this notice.Other instructions and informationThe language of the General Meeting is Finnish. Simultaneous interpreting into English is available at the meeting.Pursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder attending the General Meeting is entitled to request information concerning the issues on the meeting agenda. The shareholder may also present questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act by e-mail to the address yhtiokokous@sato.fi no later than on 17 March 2025 at 16:00. At the General Meeting  the management of the company will answer such questions submitted in advance in writing.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting will not affect the right to attend the meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder. On the date of publishing this notice of the Annual General Meeting  SATO Corporation has a total of 85 062 444 shares and votes.Helsinki  7 February 2025SATO CorporationBoard of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'SATO Corporation', 'Notice', 'Tarja Pääkkönen', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights"", 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'SATO office building auditorium', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'principal sustainability reporting assurer', 'Stock exchange release', 'total maximum number', 'Sustainability Reporting Auditor', 'APA Aleksi Martamo', 'Committee Chairs', 'principal responsibility', 'SATO Corporation', 'voting tickets', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'Esa Lager', 'Sharam Rahi', 'Erik Selin', 'Ming Eng', 'Juha Juntunen', 'new member', 'Further information', 'audit firm', 'Deloitte Oy', 'transitional provision', 'several tranches', '10 per cent', 'draft resolutions', 'The Board', 'financial year', 'share issue', 'registered participants', 'following matters', 'Companies Act', 'meeting agenda', 'mentioned documents', 'Deputy Chair', 'new shares', 'company website', 'Board Members', 'Notice', 'address', 'Panuntie', '00610 Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Thursday', 'March', 'reception', 'distribution', 'Opening', 'Election', 'examiner', 'minutes', 'person', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'Recording', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'review', 'use', 'profit', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', 'remuneration', 'term', 'closing', 'addition', 'candidates', 'independence', 'AGM', 'fee', 'accordance', 'task', 'invoice', 'SRA', 'issuance', 'authorization', 'authorisation', 'transfer', 'directed', 'case', '30 June', 'other', '9', '2024']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48720,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022561/0/en/SATO-Corporation-s-Financial-Statements-Release-2024-The-housing-market-gradually-returning-to-normal-favourable-development-across-all-areas.html,SATO Corporation’s Financial Statements Release 2024: The housing market gradually returning to normal  favourable development across all areas,SATO Corporation  Financial Statements Release 2024  7 February 2025 at 09:00 am  Highlights January–December 2024 (January–December 2023)  The...,SATO Corporation  Financial Statements Release 2024  7 February 2025 at 09:00 amHighlights January–December 2024 (January–December 2023)The economic occupancy rate increased and was 95.5% (94.9).Net sales stood at EUR 304.1 million (288.4).Net rental income increased and was EUR 214.4 million (198.7).Profit before taxes increased and was EUR 105.4 million (-185.8).The unrealised change in the fair value of investment properties included in the result was EUR 12.0 million (-249.3).Housing investments amounted to EUR 48.6 million (150.0).Invested capital was EUR 4 582.1 million (4 610.4).Return on invested capital was 4.0% (-2.5).Earnings per share were EUR 1.04 (-2.72).The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividends be paid for the 2024 financial year (EUR 0.00/share for 2023).Highlights October–December 2024 (October–December 2023)The economic occupancy rate was 95.7% (94.8).Net sales were EUR 77.1 million (73.5).Profit before taxes was EUR 21.9 million (-91.6).The unrealised change in the fair value of investment properties included in the result was EUR 1.1 million (-109.3).Investments in rental apartments amounted to EUR 16.9 million (57.3).Earnings per share were EUR 0.20 (-1.30).CEO Antti Aarnio:The 2024 reporting year was challenging  just like its predecessor. The oversupply of rental apartments  consumers’ weak confidence  the high interest rate level and general economic uncertainty proved challenging to apartment rental operators. Although residential construction was at a historically low level  the number of previously completed new properties on the market still exceeded expectations  and competition for good tenants continued to be tight. Despite a challenging market situation  SATO’s economic occupancy rate and customer satisfaction improved compared to a year earlier.Enhancing the efficiency of our operations and the implemented savings measures improved our net rental income. Our organisation has now been adapted to reflect the current operating environment and our fixed costs will decrease by around one million euros. The majority of the savings will realise in 2025. The positive development of our net rental income was also impacted during the reporting year by moderate rent reviews and an increase in the occupancy rate.The company’s equity ratio and balance sheet improved. The share issue begun in late 2023 ended in February and we raised some EUR 200 million in gross proceeds from the issue. During 2024  altogether EUR 800 million in new long-term financing was withdrawn  and as a result  our financing needs for 2025 are now covered. In November  the credit rating agency S&P Global Ratings confirmed SATO’s BBB credit rating with a stable outlook.During the reporting year  the economic uncertainty continued even though the high inflation finally began to fall. The European Central Bank began to cut its key interest rate in June and continued with an interest rate cut policy during the second half of the year  which will have a positive impact on SATO’s financing costs. In 2025  the economy is expected to begin growing moderately. If employment and consumer confidence improve  we expect this to have a positive impact on the development of the rental apartment market. The outlook is overshadowed  however  by uncertainties connected to geopolitics and the development of the labour markets.In recent years  competition between rental housing providers has been tight with the abundant offering of apartments exceeding demand. New construction continues  and at the end of the year  there were still approximately 6 000 rental apartments under construction in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. As a result of oversupply  rent increases have fallen behind real costs. The rising maintenance costs may result in higher rents when the housing supply falls.During the reporting year  349 new and 56 renovated rental apartments were completed for SATO. Peijinkuja 10  which was completed in December 2024 in Espoo  will be  for now  our last newbuild as  in accordance with the decision made in October 2022  SATO will continue to refrain from starting any new construction projects.During the year  we continued to develop our digital services and our residents’ service portal  OmaSATO  was updated. At the same time as we move services online  we have invested in the competence of our house experts and service managers who work on our properties  and on their ability to interact with our residents in everyday life and in difficult situations. We wish to ensure that customers receive a uniform  consistent service experience in all of their encounters with SATO’s employees.The customer feedback we have received has been largely excellent and the Net Promote Score (NPS) measuring customer satisfaction during living improved to 27. The NPS for various transactional situations was 57. The NPS results were the best in SATO’s history. Despite the tight competition  we also succeeded in improving our economic occupancy rate. It was 95.5% (94.9) for the entire year.During the reporting year  we continued along the path defined by our sustainability programme. We enable sustainable housing for our residents and encourage them to make daily choices that reduce consumption and promote circular economy. In the autumn we arranged biodiversity training for close to 70 SATO employees working in customer-facing roles and leadership positions across the company’s various operations. Our goal is to do our part to slow down biodiversity loss and enhance biodiversity in both our construction projects and the neighbourhoods of our existing properties.The carbon roadmap we released during the reporting year steers our operations towards carbon-neutral in-use energy consumption. We increased the use of geothermal heat at our properties in line with our plan and we completed the installation of solar power plants in 23 residential buildings. The calculated solar power output generated locally at our properties in 2024 corresponds to the annual electricity consumption of roughly 400 apartments.The Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB)  which assesses sustainability in the property sector  awarded SATO’s sustainability work a rating of three stars and the Green Star recognition. During the reporting year  we were particularly successful in the social responsibility assessment.SATO has been certified as a Great Place to Work® company for the third time and achieved an impressive sixth place in the Best Workplaces in Finland ranking. I am extremely proud and grateful for this recognition  which highlights our long-term success in developing SATOs culture and employee experience. Our employees take pride in their work and find it meaningful. In a survey conducted at the end of 2024  90% of staff reported considering SATO an excellent workplace overall. Additionally  our eNPS (Employee Net Promoter Score)  measured for the first time  was exceptionally high at 61.4.SATO is the most well-known brand in our sector. According to year-end statistics  one-fifth of respondents named SATO as the first rental housing provider that came to mind. Additionally  over 40% mentioned SATO spontaneously  and more than 80% recognised the company from a list of alternatives. This provides a solid foundation for continuing to build our brand awareness.This year  our company proudly celebrates its 85th anniversary. We have played a vital role in the post-war reconstruction of Finland and in establishing the foundations for rental housing. Today  in an increasingly urbanised Finland  we are committed to providing our 44 000 residents with a safe  comfortable  and responsible way of living.2024 was a challenging year for us in multiple ways. However  I am immensely pleased with how we managed to stay focussed and ensure strong results across all our metrics. I extend my warmest thanks to SATO employees  our partners  and the residents living in SATOhomes for their excellent collaboration.Report of the Board of Directors 1 Jan–31 Dec 2024Operating environmentDuring 2024  SATO’s operating environment remained challenging. The housing sector continued to be influenced by the abundant supply of rental homes and ongoing economic uncertainty. Uncertainty was further heightened by industrial action at the beginning of the year  negative economic growth  a weakened employment situation  and the European Central Bank's strict interest rate policy. Also geopolitical challenges like the war in Ukraine  global tensions  and trade policy decisions and sanctions impacted our operating environment.Headline inflation in the eurozone slowed clearly during the review period and was at approximately 2% in late 2024. The rise in services prices has kept core inflation above the target set by the European Central Bank. Finland’s inflation has been the lowest in the eurozone. Due to the fall in inflation  the European Central Bank began its interest rate cuts in June and continued with an interest rate cut policy throughout the second half of the year. The markets expect the key interest rate to fall further during 2025.Economic confidence indicators have remained low  even though inflation slowed significantly. Consumers’ low confidence was reflected in cautious consumption and selection of rental apartments. Also changes made in housing allowance policies may steer consumers to find less expensive apartments  which showed during the review period as an increase in demand for smaller apartments.The construction of new apartments is at an all-time low. Largely due to an increase in the volume of interest-subsidised housing construction  there has  however  been a slight upturn in projects started. The number of apartments completed has contracted clearly this year  but the newbuild construction volume of previous years  which exceeds the long-term housing demand  is  however  maintaining an oversupply of rental homes in growth centres. The oversupply has been shrinking slower than anticipated earlier and competition for good tenants continues. The transformation taking place in construction may in future turn the apartment oversupply to a housing shortage in growth centres.Finland’s economy is shifting to a slow growth phase. Pay raises  slowing inflation and the gradual fall in interest rates improve consumers’ purchasing power. Employment is also expected to improve as economic growth accelerates. In 2025  the GDP is expected to grow by about 1%. The outlook is overshadowed by uncertainties connected to geopolitics and the development of the labour markets.The number of households living in rental apartments exceeded the one million mark in 2023. At the end of 2023  1.02 million households lived in rental apartments  which is 36% of all households. The amount rose by 2.2% year on year and by 6% from 2010. Living in rental homes has become more common as household sizes have decreased. In 2023  approximately 63% of households living in one- or two-room apartments were renting their homes.Urbanisation continues and dense urban living is becoming increasingly popular in Finland. There is a demand for rental apartments in growth centres near good public transport connections and services. Of the major growth centres  the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku continue to enjoy robust growth. The Helsinki metropolitan area’s net positive migration rate in 2023 was the highest in the 2000s: 23 500 people. In 2024  internal migration continued to be strong and the net positive migration of the Helsinki metropolitan area was some 16 000 people at the end of September. The Helsinki metropolitan area is expected to grow by over 200 000 new residents by 2040.Close to 80% of the area’s residents already live in one- to two-person households  and the number of small households continues to rise. The proportion of immigrants living in the capital area is expected to grow from the current 17% to 25% by 2030. Ageing populations typically move closer to growth centres and the services they offer  and they increasingly expect housing-related services. The change in the population structure and development in the prices of owner-occupied apartments create a stable foundation for demand for rental housing especially in the capital area and in Tampere and Turku.Competition for good tenants remained tight during the reporting year  and rent increases remained moderate as housing providers have not been able to pass the actual cost rises on to rents. The rising costs of maintenance and financing will manifest as rising rental costs while the offering of rental apartments falls.The income development of wage and salary earners  pent-up housing demand of households and the decrease in new housing production are expected to increase rental apartment demand going forward. Also economic uncertainty may have a positive impact on the demand for rental apartments as the attractiveness of rental living is predicted to grow among those previously looking for owner-occupied apartments.StrategySATO is a housing investment company that owns 25 849 rental homes in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku. Our company’s strategy is focussed on the continuous improvement of the customer experience  sustainability and sustainable housing  and SATO employees.We want to be present in our customers’ daily lives so that we can offer them a successful customer experience. We build sustainable homes and take care of them in accordance with the life-cycle principles. Long-term profitable business enables our sustainable operations.SATO employees are our most important resource. Well-being at work  an inspiring employee experience and a coaching management style encourage SATO employees to develop themselves and the company and build the SATO of the future.We measure our success using strategic indicators. We strive to improve our residents’ net promoter score (NPS)  maintain our Investment Grade credit rating and achieve a return on equity in line with the set target (8%).Net sales and profitIn 2024  consolidated net sales were EUR 304.1 million (288.4). Operating profit was EUR 185.6 million (-113.6). The operating profit without the fair value change of investment properties was EUR 173.6 million (135.7). The change in fair value was EUR 12.0 million (-249.3).Net financing costs totalled EUR -80.1 million (-72.2). Profit before taxes was EUR 105.4 million (-185.8). Cash flow from operations (free cash flow after taxes excluding changes in fair value) amounted to EUR 88.2 million (32.9). Earnings per share were EUR 1.04 (-2.72).Financial position and financingThe consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 5 059.6 million (5 085.0) at the end of December. Equity was EUR 2 599.8 million (2 435.0). Equity per share was EUR 30.63 (43.01).The Group’s equity ratio was 51.4% (47.9) at the end of the year. EUR 800.0 million in new long-term financing was withdrawn (255.0) and the solvency ratio was 38.6% (42.4) at the end of December. The Group’s return on equity was 3.3% (-6.3). Return on invested capital was 4.0% (-2.5).Cash and cash equivalents at the end of December totalled EUR 31.3 million (7.0). Interest-bearing liabilities at the end of December totalled EUR 1 970.1 million (2 159.2)  of which loans subject to market terms accounted for EUR 1 865.7 million (2 044.0). The loan itemisation is in note 25 of the financial statements. At the end of the reporting year  the average loan interest rate was 3.7% (3.4). Net financing costs totalled EUR -80.1 million (-72.2). The average maturity of loans was 3.8 years (2.8).The calculated impact of changes in the market value of interest hedging on equity was EUR -6.2 million (-13.4). The proportion of unsecured loans to all loans was 69.5%. At the end of the year  the proportion of unencumbered assets was 73.0% of the balance sheet.Issue of sharesThe share issue begun in late 2023 ended in February and we raised some EUR 200 million in gross proceeds from the issue. The number of company shares rose by 28 279 377 due to the share issue  from 56 783 067 shares to 85 062 444 shares.Group structureSATO Corporation is the parent company of SATO Group. At the end of the reporting year  the parent company had a total of 11 (13) subsidiaries engaged in business operations. Mergers took place during the year in order to clarify the Group structure.SATO Corporation’s majority shareholder is Balder Finska Otas AB  whose parent company is Fastighets AB Balder  which is quoted on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.Housing businessOur housing business focuses on rental activities  customer service  life-cycle management and maintenance. Our goal is to guarantee fast and efficient renting for home-seekers and a steady cash flow for the Group. Our focus is on building a first-class customer experience at all contact points  both physical and digital.High-quality property maintenance and regular preventive maintenance ensure the comfort of residents and that the apartments stay in good condition and retain their value.At the end of the year under review  SATO had approximately 44 000 customers. The economic occupancy rate improved compared to the previous year and was 95.5% (94.9) during the reporting year. Plenty of new rental apartments were completed for the market  which gave customers more options. Apartment rental activities slowed and competition among housing providers remained tight in all our operating areas.In 2024  we have focussed especially on improving the effectiveness of service processes  strengthening the consistency of operations  and developing new operating models and practices and their comprehensive adoption. Developing measurement and reporting has been a key aspect of our operations and we have also developed new tools to improve the predictability of our operations.We want to be closely present in our customers’ daily lives and offer them first-class customer service. We serve our customers through various channels in as many as 20 different languages. In addition to personal service  our customers can reach us via the chat service at sato.fi  where also the SATObot is on duty 24/7. We actively develop our digital services together with customers and our personnel.During the reporting year  we actively developed SATO’s house expert model. At the end of the year  67 house experts and 6 team leaders worked in our house expert organisation. Their primary task is to ensure  together with the maintenance company  that our buildings are comfortable and well-maintained. The house expert model is in use in all of the properties wholly owned by SATO in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku.Our residents’ customer experience is made up of multiple factors  such as how well the resident’s home meets their needs  home removal situations and digital and face-to-face interaction with SATO employees. We have invested in building a first-class customer experience by developing our service processes. With their help  we can ensure a consistent and seamless customer experience at all of our contact points  regardless of the channel.We continued to develop the Concept of good encounters that was launched in 2023. The concept describes the way we interact with one another  our customers  partners and other stakeholders.We have significantly developed customer experience measurement and reporting. In 2024  we continued to use the Net Promoter Score (NPS) index. Our NPS during living was 27 (23) and the NPS for various transactional situations was 57 (53). The second figure is based on our customers’ estimates at different contact points  such as customer service calls  maintenance visits by house experts  apartment offers made by our sales team and apartment viewings.Our economic occupancy rate was 95.5% (94.9) at the end of the year. The external tenant turnover rate for rental apartments was 28.7% (26.8). Rental income increased by 5.4% to EUR 304.1 million (288.4). The average monthly rent of SATO’s rental apartments at the end of the reporting year was EUR 18.40 per m2 (18.08). Net rental income from apartments stood at EUR 214.4 million (198.7).Investment propertiesOn 31 December 2024  SATO owned a total of 25 849 apartments (25 468). During the reporting year 349 rental apartments (978) were completed for SATO  and at the end of the year  no rental apartments were under construction (349). The number of divested apartments was 1 (530).EUR 40.4 million (99.1) was spent on repairing and upgrading apartments. During the reporting year  renovation was completed for 56 apartments (545) and renovation was underway in 0 apartments (56).Fair valueThe core purpose of our business operations is to increase the value of our rental apartments. The housing stock is focussed on areas and apartment sizes that are expected to grow in demand in the long term. The allocation of building repairs is based on life-cycle plans and repair need specifications.The fair value of our investment properties on 31 December 2024 totalled EUR 4 971.4 million (4 885.7). The change in the value of investment properties  including investments and divestments in the financial year  was EUR 85.7 million (-158.5).The fair value of properties funded by ARAVA and interest-subsidised loans using the income value method would be some EUR 250 million higher than the current value.The external expert JLL Finland Oy (JLL) issues a biannual statement on the valuation methods applied by SATO  the appropriateness of sources of information used and the quality and credibility of the valuation for investment properties.JLL’s latest statement was issued on the valuation carried out on 31 December 2024. The criteria for the determination of the fair value are presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.At the end of the year  the Helsinki metropolitan area’s commuting area accounted for some 86.3%  Tampere for some 7.9% and Turku for 5.8% of the value of apartments.Investments  divestments and property developmentInvestment activities are used to manage the housing portfolio and prepare the ground for growth. In the 2000s  SATO has invested a total of more than EUR 3.9 billion in non-subsidised rental apartments. SATO acquires and builds entire rental buildings and single rental apartments. Property development allows for new investments in rental apartments. The rental potential and value of current rental apartments are developed through repair activities  which also help increase comfort and improve energy efficiency.In response to continued strong urbanisation  SATO invests  in addition to Helsinki  Espoo and Vantaa  also in their surrounding municipalities and in Tampere  Turku and their surrounding municipalities. Investments in rental apartments were EUR 48.6 million (150.0) in 2024. Investments in the Helsinki metropolitan area represented 90.2% and investments in new apartments represented 39.4%. In addition  SATO’s binding purchase agreements on 31 December 2024 totalled EUR 1.3 million (16.2). During the reporting year  1 rental apartment (530) was divested. Its value was EUR 0.1 million (52.6).The book value of plot reserves totalled EUR 66.6 million (44.3) at the end of the reporting year. The value of new plots acquired by SATO by the end of December 2024 totalled EUR 26.5 million (0.8).SATO has permitted building volume for approximately 1 650 apartments on the plots in the company’s housing portfolio. The long-term aim is to utilise the existing infrastructure  create a denser urban structure and bring more residents close to services and good public transport connections.We engage in urban development together with cities and other operators in the sector. Developing urban districts benefits not only the future residents of new apartments  but also the existing residents  as services improve and the urban environment develops. As a long-term property owner  housing investor and housing provider  SATO has the will to build pleasant  safe and diverse neighbourhoods. We offer our residents sustainable way of living and encourage them to make sustainable choices in their daily lives. We build and maintain homes in a financially viable manner and minimise our operations’ environmental impacts.During the reporting year  we continued the development of  among other areas  Itäkeskus in Helsinki and Sarfvik area in Kirkkonummi. In Helsinki  we are contributing to the development of a new centre for East Helsinki around the Puotila metro station and the Puhos and Stoa areas. In Kirkkonummi  we are initiating the partial master planning of the northern section of the Sarfvik area  originally developed by SATO  in collaboration with the municipality of Kirkkonummi and other key landowners in the area. Over the coming decades  the aim is to build a new modern  comfortable  and ecological urban area along the Espoonlahti shoreline. SATO is also engaged in several other development projects in Espoo  Helsinki  Järvenpää  Kirkkonummi  Tampere  Turku  and Vantaa.During the year  we strengthened our land reserves by acquiring two larger plots in Viikki and Myllypuro  Helsinki  enabling the future construction of approximately 500–550 new homes.Plots in areas developed by SATO were sold to construction companies and other partners. This enables the construction of approximately 400 owner-occupied and rental apartments  thus promoting the diverse development of the residential areas.During the reporting year  349 (978) new rental apartments were completed for SATO. Apartments were completed in Hyrylä in Tuusula and Finnoo in Espoo. In addition  during the review period  33 completed and under-construction homes were acquired (0).We renovate the rental homes and properties we own according to the life-cycle principle. Renovations on a total of 56 rental apartments were completed in Kallio  Helsinki.Housing starts have been at an all-time low in the entire sector. The supply of new rental apartments will heavily decrease over the next few years. In autumn 2022  we decided not to initiate any new investments for the time being. Behind the decision were higher financing costs and the rise in construction and maintenance costs driven by dramatically increased inflation.We are committed to improving the energy efficiency of our properties and we are increasing local production of renewable energy at our properties.SustainabilityDuring the reporting year  our sustainability work was governed by SATO’s strategy and our sustainability programme for 2023–2026. The themes of the programme are sustainable housing (environmental sustainability)  communities’ well-being (social sustainability) and profitably sustainable business (good governance and economic sustainability). Our programme’s policies are linked to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG). During the year  we advanced our sustainability work in line with the targets in all areas. The realisation of the sustainability programme’s annual measures is part of every SATO employee’s remuneration.In environmental responsibility  we continued the energy-efficiency measures based on our carbon roadmap and invested in renewable  locally produced energy: solar power plants and geothermal heat. Energy produced locally on our properties helps us reduce purchased energy. During the reporting year  we installed solar power plants on 20 of our existing properties  which include altogether 1 268 rental homes  and in three new construction projects  with 349 homes. At the end of 2024  53 properties housing 4 616 rental homes had a solar power plant. Locally produced solar power is used as building electricity for  among other things  lighting and ventilation in communal spaces.At the end of the reporting year  among the properties fully owned by SATO  geothermal heat was the main form of heating in 1 820 rental homes and hybrid heating with district heat and heat pumps was the main form in 70 rental homes. During the year under review  we made an investment decision to switch over to geothermal heat during the next year in 13 properties located in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku. In addition to our own measures  we continuously collaborate with energy suppliers in order to save energy and increase carbon neutral energy solutions  among other things.Our goal is to also reduce our water consumption. During the reporting year  we installed apartment-specific water meters in some 4 000 current rental homes. According to Motiva’s assessment  water meters reduce water consumption by around 8% on average. In 2024  building electricity did not produce any emissions because it was produced 100% by wind power. SATO’s goal is to be carbon neutral by the end of 2030 when it comes to in-use energy consumption.During the reporting year  we initiated our biodiversity work in line with the biodiversity roadmap 2024–2026 that we released last year. Our goal is to slow down biodiversity loss and improve biodiversity in housing construction and in the areas where our existing buildings are located. In 2024  we began to update the guidelines steering newbuild construction and building repair planning  and the maintenance guidelines with regard to biodiversity. Furthermore  we began creating introduced species guidelines. At the end of the year  we organised biodiversity training  attended by close to 70 SATO employees. We also started up an in-house discussion on planning measures linked to the theme at our existing properties.We participated for the tenth time in the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) assessment. We retained our three stars on a scale of one to five. SATO’s score in the Standing Investments Benchmark (existing properties) remained at 76 as in the previous year  and in the Development Benchmark (construction projects)  SATO’s score rose to 83 points from 79 points in the previous year. In its peer group  SATO’s result represents the average of northern European housing investors.SATO’s strengths in the GRESB assessment were  for example  sustainability management  risk management  diverse stakeholder co-operation  a comprehensive health and well-being programme and measures for personnel  and issues related to tenants’ health and safety. SATO received full points for sustainability management. SATO received the weakest scores in buildings’ environmental certifications that are not used by the company.In the area of social responsibility  we focussed during the reporting year especially on supporting our employees’ well-being at work and competence development. In addition  we continued to strengthen our occupational safety culture and ways of working. Our goal is to reduce mental health-related sick leave days and absences resulting from work accidents. We succeeded in reducing our sick leave days resulting from mental health issues by 36% compared to the previous year and work accidents leading to absences by 92%.We carried on the diversity  equity and inclusion work (DEI) that began last year. During the reporting year  we continued to increase understanding on the topic through in-house discussions  and we arranged coaching on neurodiversity in the work community for everyone at SATO. We reviewed our personnel practices and adopted a positive special treatment principle in our recruitment process  which  when there are two equally matched applicants  allows us to use as a selection criterion an attribute that is in the minority in the work community.We continued to improve customer encounters during the reporting year in line with the Concept of good encounters that was launched in 2023. The objective of the concept is to ensure that our customers can enjoy a consistent service experience regardless of the situation and the SATO employee  and to improve the customer experience. The good encounter concept is a tool used by all SATO employees and steers our daily activities.During the reporting year  SATO joined the HIMA project  which supports youth living on their own through means of family cooperation and participation. The project is run by the Finnish Youth Housing Association NAL  Vamos Helsinki and Pääkaupunkiseudun Nuorisoasunnot ry. In the collaboration  SATO recommends the project to young adults that it has encountered through housing advisement.We also continued collaboration with the non-profit organisation No Fixed Abode and the Rehabilitation Foundation in their project to help participants in the project to find two of life’s essentials – a home and a job. By the end of 2024  seven people who had participated in the project were living in a SATOhome.In the area of governance and financial responsibility  we continued to develop consistent and transparent ways of working and the description of our core processes during the reporting year. At the start of the year  we also carried out a Compliance risk assessment. During the year  we updated our guidelines on combatting money laundering and terrorism and the anti-corruption and anti-bribery guidelines. We trained our personnel in the Code of Ethics  which was updated at the end of the previous year  and launched related online training  completed by 95% of SATO employees during the year.During the year  we also began preparations for reporting in accordance with the EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). SATO will report in compliance with CSRD starting in 2025. During the reporting year  we implemented a double materiality assessment and a gap analysis of reporting readiness. The material topics identified for SATO in the double materiality assesment are: Climate change (E1)  Water and marine resources (E3)  Biodiversity and ecosystems (E4)  Resource use and circular economy (E5)  Own workforce (S1)  Workers in the value chain (S2)  Affected communities (S3) and Business conduct (G1).SATO has a First Whistle channel in place  through which SATO employees and external stakeholders can confidentially report detected or suspected misconduct or other inappropriate conduct.We report on our sustainability work annually in reference with the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) reporting guidelines  and the environmental sustainability and procurement figures presented in the report are verified by an independent third party  i.e. Deloitte Oy.In 2020  we committed to reporting in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. In the framework  the risks are divided into four main categories: transition risks  acute and chronic physical risks and social risks. During the reporting year  risks caused by climate change were part of SATO’s general risk assessment that is conducted internally each year. Climate-related risks and opportunities and their impact on the company’s operations were addressed in the Corporate Management Group and reported to the Board of Directors twice during the reporting year.Impacts on the environment and societyAccording to the Ministry of the Environment  construction and buildings cause approximately one third of Finland’s greenhouse gas emissions. In addition to the climate  the built environment also has a significant impact on nature  and the construction supply chains also have identified nature impacts.Our most significant climate impacts arise from energy consumption during living and the construction and repair of our homes. Mitigating climate change and responding to it are at the core of our sustainability work. We aim to reduce the emissions caused by our operations and our goal is to reach carbon neutrality for in-use energy consumption by the end of 2030.Our objective is to systematically reduce the negative impacts of our operations on the environment and nature. We reduce the load on the environment by regularly and proactively maintaining and repairing homes and properties according to the life-cycle principle  and by building properties primarily in existing urban environments and near good public transport connections.The planning of SATO’s new rental apartments always takes into account energy efficiency and solutions that will last for decades. In new properties  SATO’s goal is energy class A (energy performance indicator 75 or below)  which is significantly better than that required by the building code (energy performance indicator 90). All of the buildings that were completed during the reporting year were energy class A. In 2024  we did not start any new construction projects.During the reporting year  we continued to invest in energy efficiency improvements in SATOhomes in connection with renovations. In renovations  our goal is to improve energy efficiency by at least 30% compared to earlier. A total of 56 homes were renovated in 2024.We are committed to the Energy Efficiency Agreement targets for the property sector  aiming for a reduction in the total consumption of electricity and heat of 10.5% from the 2015 baseline by 2025. The use of renewable energy in heating significantly reduces the in-use emissions of homes. Our goal is for 80% of our energy consumption to be renewable or carbon neutral by the end of 2026. We increase local energy production and always look into the possibility of using geothermal heat and other locally produced energy and heat recovery. We implement these wherever it is possible and also financially viable.During the reporting year  specific energy consumption rose 2.7%  specific electricity consumption rose 2.7% and specific water consumption rose 0.3% compared to 2023. Specific emissions from SATO’s apartments rose by 0.4% compared to 2023 and were 23.2 carbon dioxide equivalent kilograms per square metre (23.1). Emissions are calculated according to the absolute consumption of district heating. Total energy costs grew due to the freezing temperatures in early 2024 and higher heating energy costs.Our business is long-term  transparent and sustainable. We regularly assess and predict the social  economic and environmental risks related to our operations. We strive to systematically reduce the identified negative impacts  for example by following our Code of Ethics  by combating the grey economy  by approving only companies registered with the Reliable Partner service as our co-operation partners  by providing guidelines for our partners  through internal control  and by continuously developing our operations.We generate a steady financial benefit for our stakeholders  including shareholders  employees  goods suppliers and service providers and their employees as well as customers  municipalities and the state. We support growth opportunities in business and industry by offering rental apartments in Finland’s largest growth centres  in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku.We enable sustainable way of living for our residents and encourage them to make sustainable choices in their daily lives. We are a long-term and responsible housing provider for our residents.Development activitiesOur operating model is based on the idea that any needs for improvement and change in the organisation are best identified by the employees whose daily work involves the matters in question. One of the spearheads of SATO’s strategy is SATO employees  and our intent is for each SATO employee to develop and build the SATO of the future.SATO has in place a continuous improvement model for business. We develop our operations as smaller components rather than large units  which speeds up development work and allows processes to be improved effectively. In connection with development work  we identify  prioritise and carry out strategically important actions.SATO’s development activities in 2024 focussed on projects improving operating models and business operations. We invested in developing digital services  the customer experience and in building a harmonised service experience.During 2024  SATO revamped its digital service for residents  OmaSATO. In the platform  residents can manage their housing-related matters digitally. The goal of the development work was to make it easier to use the service  enabling residents to take care of as many matters as possible directly in OmaSATO. Due to the revamp  OmaSATO offers residents an improved user experience and more extensive information on their own housing matters. The service will be developed further based on residents’ wishes and the available data. The fact that more than 30 000 SATO residents use the service proves its importance.During the reporting year  we planned and carried out a new system for long-term maintenance planning. At the same time  we will also review the operating model for the entire life-cycle management. The maintenance planning system was created as part of the property data system KoTi  which allows us to manage the key areas of property management centrally and in a uniform manner. As the operating models develop  we will continuously invest in the development of the KoTi system to ensure that it corresponds as closely as possible to our customers’ needs.In 2024  we looked into the opportunities offered by AI and expanded our personnel’s AI competence. We organised training for the entire personnel and discussed the topic at the annual SATO Day in September. We carried out many business-oriented tests and pilots from the perspective of utilising AI and we extensively tested tools utilising AI. At the end of the year  we started up the AI ambassador programme with which we are looking into increasing and accumulating AI competence and embedding best practices in our operations.A total of EUR 2.2 million (2.3) was spent on development in year 2024  corresponding to approximately 0.7% of net sales.Events after the review periodNo significant events after the end of the reporting period.Risk managementRisk management is used to ensure that risks impacting the company’s business are identified  managed and monitored. The main risks of SATO’s business are risks related to the business environment and financial risks. SATO’s key risks are:The weak development of Finland's economyThe weak development of Finland's economy  deteriorating employment situation  and uncertainty surrounding the economic outlook are impacting consumers' purchasing power. A weaker-than-expected economic situation in Finland may influence the housing market through decreased market demand  reduced customer solvency  increased credit losses  lower market rents  and consequently  a decline in the value of SATO’s housing assets.The growing repair backlogIf SATO’s housing assets are not maintained systematically and in a timely and controlled manner  this may lead to negative impacts on residents' comfort and health  SATO's reputation  the rentability and pricing of the apartments  and  therefore  the value development of the assets.Geopolitical risksSecurity policy tensions that have grown due to the war in Ukraine and other military conflicts and any tariffs possibly set by different countries may have a significant impact on SATO’s business environment.Cyber risksCybercrime has increased risks related to business continuity and the loss of critical data. It can target  for example  systems critical to the continuity of the business or personal data. The consequences of a cyberattack can be the interruption of operations  the weakening of the company’s reputation or fines imposed by authorities.Risks related to climate changeA delay in measures aimed at mitigating climate change and increasing extreme weather phenomena can impact the condition of apartments and maintenance costs  increase repair needs and reduce apartments’ rental potential. This can have a negative impact on the fair value of investment properties.Risks related to renting apartmentsThe most significant risks in the renting of apartments are related to economic cycles and fluctuations in demand and supply. High new housing construction activity can increase the supply of rental housing to a point that it exceeds demand. This leads to rental housing vacancies and pressure to even out or lower the rent level especially for the old housing portfolio.A clear weakening in the housing market could have a negative impact on the market value of SATO’s housing portfolio. In accordance with its strategy  SATO focusses its investments on growth centres and on renovating and repairing its existing housing portfolio. This ensures apartments’ rental capacity and value development.Official regulationsChanges in official regulations and legislation  as well as the uncertainty stemming from them  may have a significant impact on the reliability of the investment environment and thus on SATO’s business. SATO monitors and anticipates these changes and also calls attention to what it considers to be negative impacts of regulation.Financial risksThe management of financial risks is steered by the Group’s treasury policy  which has been approved by SATO’s Board of Directors. Our financial risk management principles are defined in the treasury policy. Our most significant financial risks relate to liquidity  refinancing and interest rates. We manage our liquidity and refinancing risks by diversifying the financing sources and maturity of our loan portfolio  and by holding sufficient liquidity reserves in the form of committed credit facilities and other long-term financing commitments. The company has a valid EUR 2.0 billion Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) programme.The means for managing the liquidity risk at SATO include cash assets  a bank account limit  committed credit facilities of EUR 600 million and a commercial paper programme of EUR 400 million. We increase the amount of reserves as the financing requirements grow. Our objective is to keep the liquidity requirements of the next 12 months covered by committed agreements.Floating rate loans form an interest rate risk which we manage by balancing the share of fixed and floating rate loans either by issuing fixed rate loans or by interest rate hedges. According to our treasury policy  our objective is to keep the ratio of fixed rate loans at over 60% of the debt portfolio after interest hedging. At the end of the review period  the fixed rate portion of the loan portfolio after hedging was 63.0% (excluding current loans).Pending legal actionsSATO has no official procedures  legal actions or arbitration proceedings pending that would have a significant impact on the company’s financial standing or profitability  and SATO is not aware of any threat of such proceedings.SharesOn 31 December 2024  the share capital of SATO Corporation was EUR 4 442 192.00 and there were 85 062 444 shares. The company has one series of shares. The shares are included in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy.SATO Corporation holds 166 000 treasury shares. This represents 0.2% of all shares and the votes they confer.On 21 March 2024  the General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue. The number of shares issued based on the authorisation cannot exceed 8 517 460 shares. The maximum number of shares corresponds to some 10% of the number of the company’s registered shares after the share issue executed at the start of the year. At the time  altogether 28 279 377 of the company’s new shares were subscribed for in the share issue  which corresponds to some 99.90% of all of the 28 308 533 new shares in the company offered in the share issue.On 31 December 2024  the Board members or the CEO of SATO Corporation did not directly hold any shares in the company. A more detailed description of the shareholdings of the members of the Board is given in the Corporate Governance Statement 2024.PersonnelAt the end of December 2024  the Group employed 300 people (323)  of whom 277 (295) had a permanent employment contract. The average number of personnel was 315 people (333) during the reporting year. The Group’s salaries and remunerations in 2024 totalled 21.4 million (22.1).Shareholders’ Nomination CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee consists of representatives of SATO’s four largest shareholders registered in the book-entry system on 1 October. If a shareholder chooses not to exercise their nomination right  the right will pass on to the next largest shareholder. The State Pension Fund  the company’s fourth largest shareholder on 1 October 2024  did not exercise its nomination right  and the right was passed to Erkka Valkila  the fifth largest shareholder. The Committee consisted of representatives of the following shareholders: Balder Finska Otas AB (Erik Selin)  Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool (Ming Eng)  Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company (Niko Syrjänen) and Erkka Valkila.Board of Directors  CEO and auditorsSATO’s Annual General Meeting held on 21 March 2024 confirmed that the Board of Directors consists of six members. Re-elected to the Board of Directors were chair Erik Selin and ordinary members Esa Lager  Tarja Pääkkönen  Sharam Rahi  and Timo Stenius. Ming Eng was elected as a new board member  replacing Johannus (Hans) Spikker.The Board of Directors convened 11 times in 2024. The Board’s work is supported by the HR and Remuneration Committee.In 2024  Antti Aarnio  M.Sc. (Tech.)  was SATO’s President and CEO.As the company’s auditor  the Annual General Meeting selected the audit firm Deloitte Oy  which appointed APA Aleksi Martamo as the auditor in charge. The auditor’s term in office is the financial year  and the auditor’s duties end at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting.Members of the Corporate Management GroupDuring the reporting period 2024  the Corporate Management Group consisted of Antti Aarnio  CEO  Arto Aalto  EVP  Investments  Markku Honkasalo  CFO  Laura Laamanen  CCO and Elina Vaurasalo  EVP  Housing Business.Related party transactionsDuring the financial year  SATO had no significant related party transactions. For more details  see note 32 of the consolidated financial statements and note 19 of the parent company's financial statements.OutlookIn the operating environment  SATO’s business activities are mainly affected by consumer confidence and purchasing power  rent and price development for apartments  maintenance costs  the general competitive situation and interest rates.Weak economic growth and falling employment have depressed consumer confidence. Going forward  the falling interest rate level  declining inflation and pay raises will improve consumers’ purchasing power and employment rates  and the economy is expected to take a moderate growth trajectory in 2025. The outlook is overshadowed by uncertainties connected to geopolitics and the development of the labour markets.The construction of new apartments is at an all-time low. Largely due to an increase in the volume of interest-subsidised housing construction  there has  however  been a slight upturn in projects started. At the end of the year  there were still around six thousand apartments for rental use under construction in the Helsinki metropolitan area. The number of apartments completed has contracted clearly in 2024  but the newbuild construction volume of previous years  which exceeds the long-term housing demand  is  however  maintaining an oversupply of rental homes in the growth centres. The shrinking of the oversupply has been slower than anticipated and competition for good tenants continues.Dense urban living is becoming increasingly popular in Finland and there is demand for rental apartments near good public transport connections and services. The change in the population structure  together with price development  creates a stable foundation for demand for rental housing especially in the capital area and in Tampere and Turku. Internal migration to the major growth centres has continued and the Helsinki metropolitan area’s net positive migration rate in 2023 was the highest in the 2000s: 23 500 people. In 2024  internal migration has continued to be strong and the net positive migration of the Helsinki metropolitan area was some 16 000 people at the end of September. The powerful migration is reflected in the strong increase in demand for rental apartments in growth centres.Urbanisation  the income development of wage and salary earners  pent-up housing demand of households  falling interest rates and the decrease in new housing production will increase housing demand going forward. Changes made in housing support policies may  however  steer consumers to find less expensive apartments. Some people looking for owner-occupied apartments may consider living in a rental apartment as an option.Decreasing new housing production and population growth in growth centres will reduce supply and increase demand for rental apartments  which will likely translate into higher rents in the future.As tenants have a wider array of choices  a successful customer experience is more important than ever. SATO is investing strongly in increasing its customer presence and developing digital services.In line with its majority shareholder’s operating model  SATO Corporation will not publish guidance on its 2025 earnings. The parent company of Balder Finska Otas AB is Fastighets AB Balder  which is quoted on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the distribution of profitOn 31 December 2024  the parent company’s distributable equity was EUR 729 448 510.73  of which profit for the period was EUR 37 384 372.90. The company had 84 896 444 outstanding shares entitling to dividends for 2024.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividends be paid for the 2024 financial year (EUR 0.00/share for 2023)  and that EUR 37 384 372.90 be transferred to retained earnings.No material changes have taken place in the company’s financial position since the end of the financial year.Distribution of sharesLargest shareholders on 31 December 2024no. of shares % Balder Finska Otas AB (Fastighets AB Balder) 48 483 564 57.0% Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool 19 217 470 22.6% Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company 10 849 621 12.8% The State Pension Fund 4 194 300 4.9% Valkila Erkka 385 000 0.5% Tradeka-invest Ltd 189 750 0.2% Research Foundation of the Pulmonary Diseases 180 000 0.2% SATO Corporation 166 000 0.2% Komulainen Pekka 159 825 0.2% Entelä Tuula 151 500 0.2% Others (119 shareholders) 1 085 414 1.3%On 31 December 2024  the Group had 129 shareholders entered in the book-entry system. The turnover of SATO Corporation’s shares was 0.0% during the reporting year.Annual General Meeting 2025The Annual General Meeting of SATO Corporation will be held in Helsinki on Thursday  20 March.Financial publications in 2025Publication dates for interim reports and the half-year financial report:8 May 2025 Interim report 1–3/202515 July 2025 Half-year financial report 1–6/202528 October 2025 Interim report 1–9/2025For further information  please contact:President and CEO Antti Aarnio  tel. +358 20 134 4200  firstname.lastname@sato.fiCFO Markku Honkasalo  tel. +358 20 134 4226  firstname.lastname@sato.fiAttachments:Annual Report 2024Financial Statements presentation 2024Financial Statements as an XHTML fileDistribution: Euronext Dublin  main media  www.sato.fi/en.SATO Corporation is an expert in sustainable rental housing and one of Finland’s largest rental housing providers. SATO owns around 26 000 rental homes in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area  Tampere and Turku.SATO aims to provide an excellent customer experience and a comprehensive range of urban rental housing alternatives with good access to public transport and services. We promote sustainable development and work in open interaction with our stakeholders.SATO invests profitably  sustainably and with a long-term view. We increase the value of our assets through investments  divestments and repairs. www.sato.fi/enAttachments,neutral,0.14,0.86,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.23,0.41,True,English,"['normal, favourable development', 'SATO Corporation', 'Financial Statements', 'housing market', 'areas', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'The European Central Bank', 'uniform, consistent service experience', 'interest rate cut policy', 'high interest rate level', 'key interest rate', 'Annual General Meeting', 'CEO Antti Aarnio', 'current operating environment', 'one million euros', 'credit rating agency', 'BBB credit rating', 'Helsinki Metropolitan Area', 'economic occupancy rate', 'apartment rental operators', 'Net Promote Score', 'consumers’ weak confidence', 'moderate rent reviews', 'various transactional situations', 'Net rental income', 'general economic uncertainty', 'challenging market situation', 'rising maintenance costs', 'rental apartment market', 'rental housing providers', 'residents’ service portal', 'The NPS results', '56 renovated rental apartments', 'new long-term financing', 'new construction projects', 'low level', 'high inflation', 'service managers', '6,000 rental apartments', 'Net sales', 'financing costs', 'consumer confidence', 'rent increases', 'difficult situations', 'financing needs', 'housing supply', 'fixed costs', 'real costs', 'Financial Statements', 'unrealised change', 'fair value', 'residential construction', 'good tenants', 'customer satisfaction', 'equity ratio', 'balance sheet', 'gross proceeds', 'second half', 'positive impact', 'labour markets', 'recent years', 'abundant offering', 'higher rents', 'last newbuild', 'same time', 'house experts', 'everyday life', 'customer feedback', 'new properties', 'Housing investments', 'investment properties', '2024 financial year', '2024 reporting year', 'savings measures', 'stable outlook', 'digital services', 'positive development', 'tight competition', 'SATO Corporation', 'share issue', '349 new', '7 February', 'Highlights', 'December', 'January', 'Profit', 'taxes', 'capital', 'Return', 'Earnings', 'Board', 'Directors', 'dividends', 'October', 'predecessor', 'oversupply', 'number', 'expectations', 'efficiency', 'operations', 'organisation', 'majority', 'company', 'late', 'November', 'June', 'economy', 'employment', 'uncertainties', 'geopolitics', 'demand', 'Peijinkuja', 'Espoo', 'accordance', 'decision', 'OmaSATO', 'competence', 'ability', 'customers', 'encounters', 'employees', 'living', 'history', '09:00', '2023', '2025']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48721,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.kyivpost.com/post/46802,FACT-CHECK: Is Belgium Giving Ukraine €1.7B Taxed From Russia’s Frozen Assets?,Belgium previously said the tax generated on profits from frozen Russian assets would go to Ukraine  but it is unclear if the amount has arrived.,On Feb. 8  multiple outlets reported that Belgium would provide Ukraine with €1.7 billion ($1.8 billion) from the taxes generated from frozen Russian assets held by Euroclear.The problem is the money might already have been spent.JOIN US ON TELEGRAM Follow our coverage of the war on the @Kyivpost_official.Euroclear is a Belgium-based securities house that handles large financial transactions between investors  major financial institutions and governments. It holds about €190 billion ($196 billion) of Russian central bank assets  according to a May 2024 Financial Times (FT) report.Belgian news outlet VRT reported the following: “Frozen Russian assets held by securities giant Euroclear in Belgium generated €1.7 billion in tax revenue for Belgium last year. That’s according to Euroclear’s annual figures.”AdvertisementIt added: “The Belgian state also levies a tax on all proceeds generated by the Russian assets. In 2024  this amounted to €1.7 billion. The Belgian government previously said the tax would also be used to fund aid for Ukraine.”However  a Reuters report in March 2024 said the tax should have been paid last year.“Ukraine would also receive the tax that the Belgian government puts on the profits. For 2024  this is expected to amount to €1.7 billion  of which €1.5 billion [$1.55 billion] will be paid this year ” Reuters said.What happened then?Profits  plus taxesThere are multiple streams of income generated by Euroclear’s Russian assets – profits  then taxes on the profits charged by the Belgians – some of which have already made it to Ukraine.Other Topics of Interest Lavrov Compares Trump’s ‘America First’ to Nazi propaganda Moscow  unsure of how Trump will turn out  are showing signs of unease by dispensing with diplomacy and lashing out.The VRT article said that one tranche from the profits made it to Ukraine in July 2024  and another is set to arrive next month.“During the 2024 financial year  €3.55 billion was contributed to the [European Fund for Ukraine]. A first installment of €1.55 billion was paid into the fund in July 2024  a second payment of some €2 billion will follow [in March 2025] ” the report reads.AdvertisementThus  there are three figures – €1.55 billion paid in July 2024  approximately €2 billion to follow next month  and €1.7 billion of Belgian tax that the Belgian government supposedly said would go to Ukraine in a previous statement.Euroclear’s Feb. 5 press release confirmed these numbers.What did Euroclear say?Euroclear said the profits would go to Ukraine but did not specify where the tax would go.“After retention of a 10% share of the windfall contribution to comply with capital and risk management requirements  Euroclear made a first payment for H1 2024 of approx. €1.55 billion to the European Fund for Ukraine in July 2024. A second payment for H2 2024 is expected to take place in March 2025 and should amount to approx. €2 billion ” the press release says.“Interest earnings related to Russian assets  which are subject to Belgian corporate tax  generated €1.7 billion tax revenue ” Euroclear added.Kyiv Post reported the first tranche to Kyiv in July 2024.Reuters was right about the €1.7 billion in taxes in its March 2024 report  but Kyiv Post cannot ascertain the claims about the €1.5 billion planned for last year.AdvertisementHowever  the big question remains – where is the €1.7 billion supposed to go?Unclear destination of the €1.7 billion in taxesVRT said: “The Belgian government previously said the tax would also be used to fund aid for Ukraine ” but Kyiv Post cannot identify official statements from the Belgian government that specify its plans with the €1.7 billion in taxes.In May 2024  an FT article said €1 billion out of the €1.7 billion is supposed to go towards military aid for Ukraine.“This year  tax revenue from Euroclear linked to Russian assets is expected to rise to €1.7 billion  of which €1 billion has been earmarked for military aid to Kyiv  according to the Belgian government ” the article says.An official but now-defunct page of Belgium’s support for Ukraine  last updated in May 2024  appears to corroborate part of the FT’s claims.The page said Belgium’s “planned support for 2024 and 2025” amounts to €1.7 billion – though it did not specify if it came from corporate taxes levied on the assets’ profits.The planned €1.7 billion comprised €412 million for three military support packages  €200 million to procure artillery shells under the Czech initiative  €100 million to maintain and support F-16 donations to Ukraine  and a new military support package of €204.3 million after “[redistributing] the Ukraine fund” – just shy of €1 billion in total.AdvertisementBut that begs the question – if the “planned support for 2024 and 2025” amounts to €1.7 billion – does that mean the money has already been spent?Or will that be part of a new  unannounced package? We shall see.,neutral,0.0,0.84,0.15,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Frozen Assets', 'FACT-CHECK', 'Belgium', 'Ukraine', 'Russia', 'Russian central bank assets', 'three military support packages', 'new military support package', 'new, unannounced package', 'Nazi propaganda Moscow', 'risk management requirements', 'large financial transactions', 'major financial institutions', 'Belgium-based securities house', 'Belgian news outlet', 'Frozen Russian assets', 'May 2024 Financial Times', 'Feb. 5 press release', 'The VRT article', 'Belgian corporate tax', '€1.7 billion tax revenue', 'three figures', '2024 financial year', 'securities giant', 'military aid', 'Belgian state', 'Belgian government', 'multiple outlets', 'annual figures', 'multiple streams', 'Other Topics', 'Interest Lavrov', 'one tranche', 'first installment', 'second payment', 'previous statement', 'windfall contribution', 'first payment', 'Interest earnings', 'first tranche', 'last year', 'Unclear destination', 'artillery shells', 'Czech initiative', 'F-16 donations', 'Belgian tax', 'European Fund', 'corporate taxes', 'Kyiv Post', 'assets’ profits', 'big question', 'official statements', 'FT article', 'defunct page', 'Reuters report', 'March 2024 report', 'Ukraine fund', 'Euroclear', 'problem', 'money', 'TELEGRAM', 'coverage', 'war', 'investors', 'governments', 'Advertisement', 'proceeds', 'income', 'Belgians', 'Trump', 'America', 'signs', 'unease', 'diplomacy', 'July', 'numbers', 'retention', '10% share', 'capital', 'H1', 'H2', 'place', 'claims', 'plans', 'part', 'total']",2025-02-08,2025-02-08,kyivpost.com
48722,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022891/28124/en/Europe-Data-Center-Database-2025-Detailed-Analysis-of-1355-Existing-240-Upcoming-Data-Centers-Across-20-Countries.html,Europe Data Center Database 2025: Detailed Analysis of 1355 Existing & 240 Upcoming Data Centers Across 20 Countries,The upcoming data center capacity in Europe is expected to be around 12 GW power capacity and more. Some of the emerging data center locations are Poland  Austria  and the Czech Republic. The upcoming data center capacity in Europe is expected to be around 12…,"Dublin  Feb. 07  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The ""Europe Existing & Upcoming Data Center Portfolio"" database has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.This database covers the Europe data center market portfolio analysis  which will provide the following information on the colocation data centers:Detailed Analysis of 1 355 existing data centersDetailed Analysis of 240 upcoming data centersLocation covered: UK  France  Germany  Greece  Ireland  Italy  Netherlands  Portugal  Spain  Switzerland  Belgium  Austria  Czech Republic  Poland  Russia  Denmark  Finland  Iceland  Norway  Sweden.Existing white-floor space (square feet)Upcoming white-floor space (square feet)Current IT load capacity (2024)Future capacity additions (2025-2028)Retail Colocation Pricing Quarter Rack (1/4) Half Rack Cabinets (1/2) Full Rack Cabinet (42U/45U/47U/etc.)Wholesale colocation (per kW) pricingKey Market HighlightsDigital Realty is the largest data center operator in the region followed by Equinix and NTT DATA.The UK dominates the upcoming data center market in Europe with almost 25% of the total power capacity.The upcoming data center capacity in Europe is expected to be around 12 GW power capacity and more.Some of the emerging data center locations are Poland  Austria  and the Czech Republic.Most of the upcoming data centers are in the UK and Germany  followed by Spain and France.The data points covered in the database across each facility are mentioned below:Existing Data Centers (1 355 Facilities)Market SnapshotLocation (Region/Country/City)Facility AddressOperator/Owner NameData Center Name i.e.  (London 1  Slough 2)Core & Shell Area (White-Floor Area)Core & Shell Power Capacity (IT Load Capacity)Rack CapacityYear of OperationsDesign Standards (Tier I - IV)Power/Cooling RedundancyUpcoming Data Centers (240 Facilities)Investment SnapshotLocation (Region/Country/City)Investor NameArea (White-Floor Area)Power Capacity (IT Load Capacity)Investment ($ Million)Electrical Infrastructure Investment ($ Million)Mechanical Infrastructure Investment ($ Million)General Construction Services Investment ($ Million)Announcement YearProject Status (Opened/Under Construction/Announced & Planned)Active or Expected Year of OpeningThe major operators/investors covered in this Europe Data Center Colocation Market Database include:3data3S3U TelecomA1 Telekom Austria AGAccess Managed Services (OOSHA)Ada InfrastructureAdam EcotechAdeo Data centerAdgar Investments & DevelopmentAdvanced MedioMatrixAIMESAire NetworksAixitAlastyr TelecommunicationAlpine DCANS Group (UKFast)AptumAQ Compute (Aquila Capital)AQL Data CenterAr TelecomArea Project SolutionsArk Data CentresArsysArt Data CentresArtfilesArtnetArubaASCO TLCASK4ASP ServerAsseco Data SystemsAtlantic Data Infrastructure (ADI)AtlasEdgeAtmanatnorthAtom86ATOMDATA (Rosatom)BahnhofBancadati SABasefarm (Orange)Beyond.pl'sBinero GroupBITbitNAPBlix Solutions ASBlueBlueFjordsBluestar DatacenterBorderlight (GoGreenHost)BorealisBorsa IstanbulBrainServebrightsolidBT BLUEBT GroupBulk InfrastructureBytesnet (Eurofiber Cloud Infra)Caldera21 (CDLAN)CapitaLandCarrier ColoCasablanca INTCastle ITCatella (Trinity DC)CDROMCE ColoCELESTECellnexCentersquare (Cyxtera Technologies)CentrilogicCentronCeske RadiokomunikaceChina Mobile International (CMI)CibicomCIVCivicos NetworkingCizgi TelekomCKWClaranetClearstream TechnologyCloud Innovation LimitedCloudHQLLCCloudRockCogent CommunicationsColoBaleColoHouseColt Data Centre ServicesComarchComnet Data CenterCompass Data CentreCompass DatacentersComtranceComvive Servidores SLConaptoContaboCork Internet eXchangeCreanova DatacenterCROCCSI PIEMONTECuranet (team.blue)Custodian Data CentresCyrusOneDaisy Corporate ServicesD-ALiX (ITER Group)DARZData CastleData SpaceData11Data4 GroupDataBankDatacenter Groningen (Weserve)Datacenter UnitedDataCenter WinterthurDatacenter.comDatacentreplusDatagrexDatahouseDatalahtiDATANET.CO.UKDataOneDataProdataRDATAROOM(New Mining)DATASIXDataSpaceDataSpringDatatelekom Telekomunikasyon Hizmetleri Ltd StiDataVitaDATAWIREDatema BilisimDatum Datacentresdc2scaledc77dcenter. Pl. spDEACDecimaDECSISDenv-RDGN TeknolojiDigitaDigital RealtyDigital ReefDLX.DKDOKOM 21DTiXEchelon Data CentresEcoDataCenterEdgeConneXEdgeCore Internet Real EstateEdgenex Damac & Vodafone TurkeyEID LLPEircomElektrizitatswerk Wels AktiengesellschaftElementicaElisaElmec InformaticaEmberEMC HostCoEnergia Data CentreEnienvia TELEolasEquinixEspaciorackEspanixEtix EverywhereEURA DCEurofiber Cloud InfraEVF Data CenterEXE.IT SRL SBExea Data CenterExtendo DatacenterFastnetFastwebFibernetFibra Medios TelecomFicoloFirstColoFoliateamForm8tion Data CentersFree ProFriktoriaFujitsuFulcrum Data SystemsfullsaveGarantiServerGarbe Industrial Real EstateGIB-SolutionsGleSYSGlobal Service ProviderGlobal SwitchGlobal Technical Realty (GTR)GlobalConnectGoodmanGRASS-MERKURGreat Grey InvestmentsGreen ComputingGreen DatacenterGreen Edge Compute AS + StatkraftGreen MountainGreenhouse DatacentersGroupe AstenGrupalia Internet S.AGrupo TrevenqueGRZ IT CenterGTP 3 Data CenterGTS Novera (T-Mobile)GTT CommunicationsHelveticdata (BRIOD SA Group)Herman ITHetzner OnlineHiHoHispawebHostDimehosTELyonHosting-UK (IOMART)Hostmein IKEhosttechHuaweiHumber Tech ParkHypercoIbercomIBOikoulaIMAQLIQIndectronIndraINEAINFOMANIAKIngenostrumInterconnectIOMARTIonos (Fasthosts)IP HouseIpcore DatacentersIPHH (Internet Port Hamburg)IPTP NetworksIQ PLIrideosIron MountainISPpro InternetIsttelkomIT GateItalia Telecom SparkleITB2 DatacentersITENOSItilityItnetitQ Data CenteritselfITsjefenIWBIXcellerateJ MouldJaguar NetworkJCD GroupJN DataK2 Data CentresKao DataKapsch BusinessComKeppel Data CentresKEVLINXKeysource + Namsos Datasenter (NDS)Koc SistemKwere IILancomLasercharmLCL Data CentersLDeXLefdal Mine DatacenterLEW (Lechwerke AG - E.ON)Liberum NavitasLIM CenterLincoln RackhouseLink Park HeathrowLinxdatacenterLumen TechnologiesMagenta TelecomMaincubesMainova WebHouseMalaga Data CenterMarkaMasterDCMAXNODMCN TelecomMediamMerlin PropertiesMiranMIXMK NETZDIENSTEMoresiMTSmtw.ruMultigridmyLoc managed IT (WIIT)NabiaxNaquadriaNation Data CenterNautilus Data TechnologiesNDC-GARBE Data CentersNehosNessusNET-BUILDNetdirektNethits` TelecomNetiaNetinternetNetiwanNetTech DCNetwise HostingNewTelcoNexeren (XEFIFormerly SHD Datacenter)Nexica - Econocom GroupnextlayerNGN Bilgi ve Iletisim Hizmetleri TicaretNIKHEF HostingNixvalnLightenNNITNode4Nordic Hub Data CentersNoris NetworkNorthCNorthern Data-Hydro66NOSNS3NTS WorkspaceNTT DATAnubesOBITOn Demand Data Center(IBM)Open Hub MedOrange Business ServicesOrigin Power Services and Woodlands Investment Management LimitedOulun DataCenter (GleSYS)PanattoniPenDCPenta InfraPfalzkomPFF Telecom (O2 Czech Republic)PGIM Real EstatePlanet ICPlusLayerPlusServerPolcomPortugal Telecom (Altice)Portus Data CentersPrescient Data CentresPreviderPrime Data CentersProximity Data CentresProximus DatacenterPulsantPure Data CenterPYUR (HL KOMM)QTS Realty TrustQuetta Data Centers (AZORA)Rack OneRackspace TechnologyRadore HostingRaiffeisen Informatik GmbHratiokontaktRechenzentrum Ostschweiz AGRedcentricRedwire DCRENRetelitRise InstitueRostelecomSadeceHosting (Sh)Safe Hosts InternetSafeDXSC3 Electronic Industry Trade Inc.Scaleway DatacenterSCCSDC Capital PartnersSeewebSegroSelectelServeCentricServerChoiceServerfarmServerHouseServeriusService Express (Blue Chip)Seznam.czSFR BusinessSilverEdge DCSix DegreesSmartdcSoltia Consulting SLSPCSSSpeedBoneSplitVisionSSC NetworksSTACK InfrastructureStack TelecomSTACKITStadtwerke KlagenfurtStart Campus (Pioneer Point & Davidson Kempner)Stellium DatacentersSTORESPEEDSunGard Availability ServicesSWISSCOLOCATIONSwisscomSwitch DatacentersSynapsecom TelecomsT5 Data CentersTALEXTASTDFTelecom ItaliaTelehouseTelemaxxTelenorHafslund & HitecVisionTelia GroupTelstraTerraHostThe Bunker (Cyberfort Group)Thesee DatacenterTHG HostingTissatT-MobileTMR Telekommunikation Mittleres RuhrgebietTowernet infrastructures SLTroll MountainTrusted-ColoTrustInfoT-SystemsTTC TELEPORTTurk TelekomTurkcellTWLKOMUnidataUniversity of TrentoCovi Costruziono DedagroupGPI & ISAUnix-SolutionsVantage Data CentersVattenfall- Cloud&HeatVegacomVeriTeknikVerne GlobalVianovaViatelVIRTUS Data CentresVital TechnologyVitaliVodafonevshosting (ServerPark)WDCWIIT AGWildcard NetworksWilton InternationalWRN BroadcastXL360YondrZayo Group.Key Topics Covered:About the DatabaseScope & AssumptionsDefinitionsSnapshot: Existing & Upcoming Data Center FacilityExisting Data Center DatabaseUpcoming Data Center FacilityExisting vs. Upcoming Capacity (Infographics)Colocation PricingFor more information about this database visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/6z5nrnAbout ResearchAndMarkets.comResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets  key industries  the top companies  new products and the latest trends.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Europe Data Center Database', '240 Upcoming Data Centers', 'Detailed Analysis', '1355 Existing', '20 Countries', 'AQL Data Center Ar Telecom Area Project Solutions Ark Data Centres', 'Form8tion Data Centers Free Pro Friktoria F', 'A1 Telekom Austria AG Access Managed Services', 'Datema Bilisim Datum Datacentres dc2scale dc77', 'Datatelekom Telekomunikasyon Hizmetleri Ltd Sti', 'Eircom Elektrizitatswerk Wels Aktiengesellschaft Elementica', 'Europe data center market portfolio analysis', 'Clearstream Technology Cloud Innovation Limited', 'EMC HostCo Energia Data Centre', 'Europe Data Center Colocation Market Database', 'Retail Colocation Pricing Quarter Rack', 'Announcement Year Project Status', 'Blix Solutions AS Blue', 'Fibra Medios Telecom Ficolo', 'Upcoming Data Center Portfolio', 'Colt Data Centre Services', 'largest data center operator', 'emerging data center locations', 'upcoming data center market', 'AtlasEdge Atman atnorth Atom86', 'Bahnhof Bancadati SA Basefarm', 'Centrilogic Centron Ceske Radiokomunikace', 'EdgeCore Internet Real Estate', 'EXE.IT SRL SB', 'upcoming data center capacity', 'Alastyr Telecommunication Alpine DC', 'General Construction Services Investment', 'Current IT load capacity', 'Facility Address Operator/Owner Name', 'Datacenter United DataCenter Winterthur', 'Art Data Centres', 'Custodian Data Centres', 'Echelon Data Centres', 'Data Center Name', 'colocation data centers', 'Adeo Data center', 'Comnet Data Center', 'EVF Data Center', 'Exea Data Center', '240 upcoming data centers', 'Daisy Corporate Services', 'Compass Data Centre', 'Key Market Highlights', 'Investor Name Area', '1,355 existing data centers', 'Asseco Data Systems', 'Market Snapshot Location', 'Eurofiber Cloud Infra', 'Rack Capacity Year', 'Atlantic Data Infrastructure', 'Half Rack Cabinets', 'Full Rack Cabinet', 'Cork Internet eXchange', 'Future capacity additions', 'Operations Design Standards', 'AIMES Aire Networks', 'China Mobile International', 'Comvive Servidores SL', 'DGN Teknoloji Digita', 'Castle IT Catella', 'total power capacity', '12 GW power capacity', 'Bluestar Datacenter Borderlight', 'DataBank Datacenter Groningen', 'Upcoming white-floor space', 'Carrier Colo Casablanca', 'Electrical Infrastructure Investment', 'Mechanical Infrastructure Investment', 'Shell Power Capacity', 'Investment Snapshot Location', 'Existing white-floor space', 'DATANET.CO.UK', '3U Telecom', 'Data Space', 'Shell Area', 'White-Floor Area', 'Cizgi Telekom', 'Data Castle', 'Wholesale colocation', 'Europe Existing', 'NTT DATA', 'data points', 'Detailed Analysis', 'Under Construction', 'Expected Year', 'BT BLUE', 'Creanova Datacenter', 'Extendo Datacenter', 'Trinity DC', 'EURA DC', 'Ada Infrastructure', 'Bulk Infrastructure', 'CE Colo', 'Compass Datacenters', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'following information', 'Czech Republic', 'square feet', 'Digital Realty', 'Tier I', 'Power/Cooling Redundancy', 'Adam Ecotech', 'Adgar Investments', 'Advanced MedioMatrix', 'ANS Group', 'AQ Compute', 'Aquila Capital', 'ASCO TLC', 'ASP Server', 'Binero Group', 'Borsa Istanbul', 'BrainServe brightsolid', 'BT Group', 'Cellnex Centersquare', 'Cyxtera Technologies', 'Civicos Networking', 'CKW Claranet', 'CloudHQ LLC', 'Cogent Communications', 'CSI PIEMONTE', 'ITER Group', 'Data4 Group', 'Datagrex Datahouse', 'New Mining', 'Digital Reef', 'DLX.DK', 'Edgenex Damac', 'Vodafone Turkey', 'EID LLP', 'Elmec Informatica', 'TEL Eolas', 'The UK', 'Pl. sp', 'Dublin', 'Feb.', 'ResearchAndMarkets.', 'offering', 'France', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Portugal', 'Spain', 'Switzerland', 'Belgium', 'Poland', 'Russia', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'Iceland', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'region', 'Equinix', '355 Facilities', 'Country/City', 'London', 'Slough', '240 Facilities', 'Active', 'Opening', 'investors', '3data', '3S', 'OOSHA', 'Development', 'Aixit', 'UKFast', 'Aptum', 'Arsys', 'Artfiles', 'Artnet', 'Aruba', 'ASK4', 'ATOMDATA', 'Rosatom', 'Orange', 'Beyond', 'BIT', 'BlueFjords', 'GoGreenHost', 'Borealis', 'Bytesnet', 'Caldera21', 'CDLAN', 'CapitaLand', 'CDROM', 'CELESTE', 'CMI', 'Cibicom', 'CloudRock', 'ColoBale', 'ColoHouse', 'Comarch', 'Comtrance', 'Conapto', 'Contabo', 'CROC', 'Curanet', 'CyrusOne', 'D-ALiX', 'DARZ', 'Data11', 'Weserve', 'Datacentreplus', 'Datalahti', 'DataOne', 'DataPro', 'dataR', 'DATASIX', 'DataSpace', 'DataSpring', 'DataVita', 'DATAWIRE', 'dcenter', 'DEAC', 'Decima', 'DECSIS', 'Denv-R', 'DOKOM', 'DTiX', 'EcoDataCenter', 'EdgeConneX', 'Elisa', 'Ember', 'Espaciorack', 'Espanix', 'Etix', 'Fastnet', 'Fastweb', 'Fibernet', 'FirstColo', 'Foliateam']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48723,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/kepler-capital-reaffirms-their-buy-rating-on-deutsche-boerse-0h3t-1034329558,Kepler Capital Reaffirms Their Buy Rating on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T),In a report released on February 6  Tobias Lukesch from Kepler Capital maintained a Buy rating on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T – Research Report) ,In a report released on February 6  Tobias Lukesch from Kepler Capital maintained a Buy rating on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T – Research Report)  with a price target of €280.00. The company’s shares closed last Thursday at €241.33.Maximize Your Portfolio with Data Driven Insights:Leverage the power of TipRanks' Smart Score  a data-driven tool to help you uncover top performing stocks and make informed investment decisions.Monitor your stock picks and compare them to top Wall Street Analysts' recommendations with Your Smart PortfolioAccording to TipRanks  Lukesch is ranked #325 out of 9370 analysts.In addition to Kepler Capital   Deutsche Boerse also received a Buy from Warburg Research’s Andreas Plaesier in a report issued on January 28. However  yesterday  RBC Capital maintained a Hold rating on Deutsche Boerse (LSE: 0H3T).0H3T market cap is currently €43.8B and has a P/E ratio of 24.65.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Kepler Capital', 'Buy Rating', 'Deutsche Boerse', ""top Wall Street Analysts' recommendations"", 'top performing stocks', 'Data Driven Insights', 'informed investment decisions', '0H3T market cap', 'Kepler Capital', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'price target', 'Smart Score', 'data-driven tool', 'stock picks', 'Warburg Research', 'Andreas Plaesier', 'RBC Capital', 'Hold rating', 'P/E ratio', 'Tobias Lukesch', 'Buy rating', 'Smart Portfolio', 'Research Report', '9370 analysts', 'February', 'company', 'shares', 'power', 'TipRanks', 'addition', 'January', 'LSE']",2025-02-08,2025-02-08,markets.businessinsider.com
48724,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://thenextweb.com/news/ethical-ai-and-climate-tech-are-turning-the-netherlands-into-a-european-innovation-leader,Ethical AI and climate tech are turning the Netherlands into a European innovation leader,Long admired for its progressive policies and open economy  the Netherlands is making an aggressive play to become Europe’s next tech powerhouse. By blending AI with sustainability and a strong ethical framework  the country attracted $2.5bn in tech investmen…,Long admired for its progressive policies and open economy  the Netherlands is making an aggressive play to become Europe’s next tech powerhouse. By blending AI with sustainability and a strong ethical framework  the country attracted $2.5bn in tech investments in 2024 alone — a 39% surge from the previous year. With a government-backed push for responsible innovation  the Netherlands is positioning itself as the epicentre of Europe’s next tech renaissance.According to VC firm Atomico  the country has become one of Europe’s fastest-growing tech ecosystems. Europe’s leading stock exchange by market cap  Euronext Amsterdam  has become a cornerstone of the country’s digital ecosystem. Tech now accounts for 23% of Euronext Amsterdam’s total market — exceeding the New York Stock Exchange’s 14%.Ethical AI is a pivotal aspect of the Netherlands’ tech ambitions. Dutch leaders in the space include Kickstart AI  a collaboration among five major Dutch companies — Ahold Delhaize  ING  KLM  NS  and Philips — that focuses on driving ethical AI innovations that align with societal values and can tackle real-world challenges. Another key initiative  GPT-NL  spearheaded by non-profits TNO  NFI  and SURF  aims to ensure transparent and fair AI usage  adhering to Dutch and European principles of data ownership and ethical standards.The Dutch government has been a key player in these developments. It’s implemented policies that nurture tech growth at every stage — from grants for early-stage startups to tax incentives for R&D activities. Meanwhile  programs like the Dutch Good Growth Fund and the Innovation Box tax scheme encourage businesses to invest in sustainable  high-tech solutions.Last year  the Dutch government unveiled its vision for generative AI  outlining a framework to develop and use this technology responsibly while maintaining control over its societal impacts. The vision is structured around six key action lines: fostering collaboration among stakeholders; closely monitoring AI advancements; developing appropriate legislation and regulations; expanding AI knowledge and skills (particularly through education); experimenting with generative AI within government in a safe and controlled manner; and ensuring strict supervision with enforcement measures when necessary.“It is essential that the Netherlands does not remain stuck on the sidelines when it comes to artificial intelligence ” said Micky Adriaansens  Netherlands’ Minister of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  during a briefing last year. “In particular  generative AI is increasingly developing into one of the most defining technologies of our time  both in everyday life  and for example for application in machines and in more efficient industrial systems. Asia and the US have taken the lead and Europe will have to catch up.”The plans aligns with significant investments — amounting to millions of euros — already made by research institutions  private enterprises  and the government  all focused on keeping pace with the rapid evolution of AI.“The Dutch approach to ethical AI development embodies a distinctly European balance between innovation and privacy rights ” said Krik Gunning  co-founder and CEO of Amsterdam-based digital identity startup Fourthline. “By establishing clear guidelines for data protection and algorithmic transparency through frameworks like the GDPR  Europe has built a foundation of trust crucial for the adoption of AI-driven solutions in the digital identity space.”A sustainable technology planThe government has provided further support by investing heavily in smart cities. Amsterdam and Eindhoven lead the way in deploying IoT technologies  5G networks  and AI-driven solutions to improve urban living. Another pillar is emerging in the Hague  where a spin-off from the Netherlands Organisation for Applied Scientific Research (TNO) recently unveiled plans to build digital twins of smart cities.Gunning added that the partnership between the Dutch government and leading universities in Delft and Eindhoven has also been instrumental in fostering innovation. TU Delft works with the Dutch government  industry partners  and other technical universities to develop materials for sustainable energy sources. TU Eindhoven  meanwhile  is at the heart of the Brainport Eindhoven innovation ecosystem  one of Europe’s leading high-tech regions.“What makes this model particularly effective is its focus on practical innovation — ensuring research translates into real solutions ” Gunning said. “One cool success story of a Dutch university working in partnership with the private sector and the government is ASML.” Moreover  ethical AI development Initiatives like the Dutch AI Coalition aim to create a collaborative environment where industry  academia  and government work together to harness AI responsibly.Another promising sector is sustainability. Collectively  Dutch green tech startups attracted a record $700mn in funding in 2024. Companies such as Voltfang  which focuses on renewable energy storage  and Vind  a pioneer in wind energy optimisation  are emerging leaders in the sector. The country is also experimenting with circular economy models  where waste is minimised and resources are reused.Anders Indset  chairman of Njordis Group  a VC firm investing in technology companies  says the sustainability advances can boost AI progress.“The Netherlands has a strong focus on renewable energy  which ensures a sustainable energy supply for the development and training of AI models ” Indset told me. “The availability of eco-friendly energy reduces both costs and environmental impact when training energy-intensive AI systems.”Retaining AI talent is the Netherlands’ biggest tech hurdleThe Netherlands’ pursuit of becoming an innovation leader in Europe is not without its challenges. While the country has become a magnet for investment — with VC funds like Peak Capital and Speedinvest funding high-impact startups  and institutional investors including pension funds increasingly investing in Dutch tech — its ability to retain skilled talent could impede its growth.Global tech hubs like Silicon Valley and Shenzhen offer highly lucrative opportunities. To compete with them  the Dutch ecosystem must keep innovating and provide compelling incentives to retain top talent.“One of our key competitive advantages in attracting global tech talent has been the tax benefits  which enable us to compete effectively with tech hubs like London  Berlin  and Singapore for top specialists in AI  cybersecurity  and fintech ” Gunning explained. “Most international tech professionals tend to only stay in the Netherlands during their peak working years  typically from their late twenties to early forties.”While Atomico reported that the European ecosystem is home to some 35 000 early-stage companies  growth-stage funding across the ecosystem continues to be a bottleneck  with European startups often turning to the US for large-scale investments.The Netherlands’ ability to scale its companies locally could serve as a model for addressing this challenge. For instance  Dutch fintech Adyen built a strong local foundation before expanding globally. By 2015  it surpassed a $2bn valuation. Likewise  Catawiki evolved from a collector’s platform into a premier auction house for rare finds. After refining its business model in the Netherlands  it scaled internationally  raising €150mn ($155mn) in 2020 to fuel further growth.Indset argues that “stock market processes should be simplified further  and incentives created for top talent to ensure a long-term commitment to the location.” He suggests using the advantage to build a “scale-up ecosystem for capital to hold tech companies in Europe once they reach later-stage financing.”What’s next for the Dutch blueprint?By 2030  startups founded in the Netherlands could potentially contribute an estimated €250bn ($259bn) to €400bn ($414bn) in market capitalisation over the next five years. The Netherlands’ commitment to ethical innovation will also likely shape EU-wide policies  setting benchmarks for responsible tech development.Indset praised the country’s practical priorities.“While European countries have focused on political correctness and ideologies and are more in a reactive mode  the Netherlands seems to understand that uniting ecology and economy  by putting capitalism and growth at the front  does not contradict a value-driven technological future ” he said.Victor Dey is a tech analyst and writer who covers AI  data science  metaverse  startups  and cybersecurity. A former AI editor at VentureBeat  his work also appears in New York Observer  Fast Company  Entrepreneur Magazine  HackerNoon  and more. He is a contributing writer for Espacio Media Incubator  which has reporters across the US  Europe  Asia  and Latin America. Victor has mentored student founders at accelerator programs at leading universities including the University of Oxford and the University of Southern California  and holds a Master’s degree in data science and analytics.,neutral,0.26,0.74,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['European innovation leader', 'Ethical AI', 'climate tech', 'Netherlands', 'One cool success story', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'six key action lines', 'Innovation Box tax scheme', 'Amsterdam-based digital identity startup', 'Dutch Good Growth Fund', 'five major Dutch companies', 'ethical AI development Initiatives', 'Dutch green tech startups', 'Brainport Eindhoven innovation ecosystem', 'leading stock exchange', 'VC firm Atomico', 'R&D activities', 'efficient industrial systems', 'sustainable energy sources', 'renewable energy storage', 'wind energy optimisatio', 'leading high-tech regions', 'next tech powerhouse', 'next tech renaissance', 'growing tech ecosystems', 'other technical universities', 'sustainable, high-tech solutions', 'digital identity space', 'fair AI usage', 'ethical AI innovations', 'sustainable technology plan', 'Applied Scientific Research', 'strong ethical framework', 'Dutch AI Coalition', 'Netherlands’ tech ambitions', 'digital ecosystem', 'tech growth', 'leading universities', 'ethical standards', 'digital twins', 'key initiative', 'key player', 'tech investments', 'Dutch leaders', 'Dutch approach', 'Dutch university', 'responsible innovation', 'practical innovation', 'AI-driven solutions', 'real solutions', 'Kickstart AI', 'generative AI', 'AI advancements', 'AI knowledge', 'open economy', 'aggressive play', 'previous year', 'government-backed push', 'market cap', 'total market', 'pivotal aspect', 'Ahold Delhaize', 'societal values', 'real-world challenges', 'European principles', 'data ownership', 'societal impacts', 'appropriate legislation', 'controlled manner', 'strict supervision', 'enforcement measures', 'artificial intelligence', 'Micky Adriaansens', 'Economic Affairs', 'Climate Policy', 'defining technologies', 'everyday life', 'significant investments', 'research institutions', 'private enterprises', 'rapid evolution', 'European balance', 'privacy rights', 'clear guidelines', 'data protection', 'algorithmic transparency', 'smart cities', 'IoT technologies', '5G networks', 'urban living', 'TU Eindhoven', 'private sector', 'collaborative environment', 'promising sector', 'record $700mn', 'Dutch government', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Netherlands’ Minister', 'Netherlands Organisation', 'progressive policies', 'TU Delft', 'industry partners', 'Krik Gunning', 'sustainability', 'country', '39% surge', 'epicentre', 'cornerstone', 'collaboration', 'KLM', 'Philips', 'GPT-NL', 'non-profits', 'TNO', 'NFI', 'SURF', 'transparent', 'developments', 'stage', 'grants', 'incentives', 'programs', 'businesses', 'stakeholders', 'regulations', 'skills', 'education', 'safe', 'sidelines', 'briefing', 'time', 'example', 'application', 'machines', 'Asia', 'plans', 'millions', 'euros', 'founder', 'CEO', 'Fourthline', 'frameworks', 'GDPR', 'foundation', 'trust', 'adoption', 'support', 'way', 'pillar', 'Hague', 'spin-off', 'partnership', 'materials', 'heart', 'model', 'focus', 'ASML', 'academia', 'funding', 'Voltfang', 'Vind', 'pioneer']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,thenextweb.com
48725,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022564/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 31 January 2025 to 5 February 2025  Share Buyback ProgramOn 22 November...,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 31 January 2025 to 5 February 2025Share Buyback ProgramOn 22 November 2024   Bekaert announced the start of the first tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 25 million (the First Tranche). As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 31 January 2025 to 5 February 2025  Kepler Cheuvreux SA on behalf of Bekaert has bought 39 886 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the First Tranche of the Program during the period from 31 January 2025 to 5 February 2025:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 30 January 2025 Euronext Brussels 6 000 33.37 33.62 33.10 200 220 MTF CBOE 2 000 33.37 33.56 33.14 66 740 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 31 January 2025 Euronext Brussels 6 000 33.64 33.84 33.30 201 840 MTF CBOE 1 886 33.63 33.66 33.32 63 426 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 3 February 2025 Euronext Brussels 6 071 33.24 33.44 33.06 201 800 MTF CBOE 1 929 33.24 33.44 33.10 64 120 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 4 February 2025 Euronext Brussels 6 000 33.53 33.82 33.46 201 180 MTF CBOE 2 000 33.55 33.82 33.20 67 100 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 5 February 2025 Euronext Brussels 6 000 33.40 33.72 33.10 200 400 MTF CBOE 2 000 33.40 33.68 33.10 66 800 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total 39 886 33.44 33.84 33.06 1 333 626Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 25 June 2024   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 3 900 shares during the period from 31 January 2025 to 5 February 2025 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 4 400 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 31 January 2025 to 5 February 2025:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 30 January 2025 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 31 January 2025 500 33.42 33.60 33.30 16 710 3 February 2025 1 600 32.85 33.20 32.80 52 560 4 February 2025 200 33.20 33.20 33.20 6 640 5 February 2025 1 600 33.40 33.60 33.10 53 440 Total 3 900 129 350Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 30 January 2025 1 800 33.40 33.60 33.20 60 120 31 January 2025 800 33.71 33.80 33.60 26 968 3 February 2025 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 4 February 2025 1 600 33.63 33.80 33.40 53 808 5 February 2025 200 33.70 33.70 33.70 6 740 Total 4 400 147 636The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 41 805 shares.On 5 February 2025 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 504 100 own shares  or 4.61% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.11,0.1,0.79,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '740 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', '426 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', '800 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'total maximum consideration', 'Kepler Cheuvreux SA', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'MTF CBOE', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'first tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '39 886 shares', '3 900 shares', '4 400 shares', '41 805 shares', 'Update', '31 January', '5 February', '22 November', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'purpose', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '25 June', '30 January', 'Sale', '4 February', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '2 504 100']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48726,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022539/0/en/Framatome-and-IBA-to-partner-to-develop-an-Astatine-211-Cyclotron-Network-in-Europe-and-the-USA.html,Framatome and IBA to partner to develop an Astatine-211 Cyclotron Network in Europe and the USA,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  and Paris  France  7 February 2025 - Framatome  an international leader in nuclear energy committed to developing products and services for the healthcare industry  and IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in…,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  and Paris  France  7 February 2025 - Framatome  an international leader in nuclear energy committed to developing products and services for the healthcare industry  and IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the leading provider of radiopharmaceutical production solutions  today announced they have signed a Memorandum Of Understanding to start a strategic partnership aimed at advancing industrial-scale production of Astatine-211 (211At)  an alpha-emitting radioisotope across Europe and the United States.211At is a highly promising radioisotope currently being investigated for its potential in targeted alpha-therapies in oncology. The collaboration between Framatome and IBA aims to build a reliable and sustainable network of cutting-edge specialized alpha-emitting cyclotrons  ensuring the timely and consistent production of this alpha-emitting radioisotope  whilst further establishing radio-theranostics as a cornerstone of precision oncology.The first milestone in this collaboration will be the establishment of a dedicated production pilot facility  set to be installed by 2027-2028. Framatome will make a financial investment in the partnership  with IBA contributing equipment. The facility will be located in the Pays de la Loire region in France  leveraging the region’s strong nuclear medicine research ecosystem and industrial expertise.The pilot facility will inform the development of a global network of latest generation alpha-emitting cyclotrons across Europe and the United States. This scalable network aims to meet the growing demand for 211At and secure its timely availability for advanced cancer treatments.François Gauché  Vice President of Framatome Healthcare  commented: “This partnership with IBA is a significant step toward transforming cancer care through targeted alpha therapy. The secure  scalable  and timely supply of Astatine-211 is vital for addressing unmet medical needs  and we are committed to building a robust production network to serve the growing demand. Together  we will provide cancer researchers and patients with access to cutting-edge therapeutic solutions while creating a sustainable foundation for future growth.”Charles Kumps  President of IBA RadioPharma Solutions  added: Today’s announcement is the start of what we believe will be a strong partnership with a shared goal: building a global  reliable industrial network for the timely production and commercialization of Astatine-211 compounds. By leveraging our combined expertise in cyclotron technology and in nuclear medicine  we are creating the critical infrastructure necessary to unlock the full potential of these groundbreaking therapies.”Both companies bring extensive expertise to this partnership  with a track record of pioneering advancements in theranostics. Framatome’s proprietary isotope production technology enabled the first large-scale commercial production of the radioisotope Lutetium-177 in a power reactor in June 2022  ensuring reliable and large-scale access to this vital medical radioisotope for cancer therapy. IBA  through its joint venture PanTera  has been a leader in advancing Actinium-225 production  another key isotope in targeted alpha therapy. Together  Framatome and IBA are setting new benchmarks in the field of theranostics  reinforcing their commitment to driving innovation and improving global access to life-saving treatments.***Ends***About Framatome and Framatome HealthcareFramatome is an international leader in nuclear energy recognized for its innovative  digital and value-added solutions for the global nuclear fleet. With worldwide expertise and a proven track record for reliability and performance  the company designs  services and installs components  fuel  and instrumentation and control systems for nuclear power plants. Its more than 18 000 employees work every day to help Framatome’s customers supply ever cleaner  safer and more economical low-carbon energy.Framatome Healthcare is committed to developing products and services for the healthcare industry. Its team supports the value chain for the radioisotopes used in radiopharmaceuticals for diagnostic imaging and therapeutic purposes  supplies special alloys for the development of surgical implants and prostheses and provides advanced solutions for complex sterilization facilities essential for the use of medical materials. Framatome Healthcare’s experts advance the fight against cancer and develop and support medical applications of nuclear technology.Visit us at : www.framatome.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn.Framatome is owned by the EDF Group (80.5%) and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (MHI – 19.5%)About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-laNeuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 000 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB)More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFramatome Media ContactBrid Nelliganbrid.nelligan@framatome.comIBAOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comFor media and investor enquiries:ICR HealthcareAmber Fennell  Angela Gray  Lucy Featherstone+44 (0) 20 3709 5700IBA@consilium-comms.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Astatine-211 Cyclotron Network', 'Framatome', 'IBA', 'Europe', 'USA', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'Pays de la Loire region', 'strong nuclear medicine research ecosystem', 'latest generation alpha-emitting cyclotrons', 'cutting-edge specialized alpha-emitting cyclotrons', 'first large-scale commercial production', 'proprietary isotope production technology', 'dedicated production pilot facility', 'global, reliable industrial network', 'François Gauché', 'Mitsubishi Heavy Industries', 'particle accelerator technology', 'cutting-edge therapeutic solutions', 'unmet medical needs', 'complex sterilization facilities', 'radiopharmaceutical production solutions', 'robust production network', 'global nuclear fleet', 'targeted alpha therapy', 'economical low-carbon energy', 'nuclear power plants', 'proven track record', 'vital medical radioisotope', 'IBA RadioPharma Solutions', 'advanced cancer treatments', 'medical applications', 'nuclear technology', 'global network', 'alpha-emitting radioisotope', 'industrial sterilization', 'nuclear energy', 'first milestone', 'key isotope', 'advanced solutions', 'strong partnership', 'industrial-scale production', 'consistent production', 'Actinium-225 production', 'cyclotron technology', 'large-scale access', 'industrial expertise', 'timely production', 'sustainable network', 'scalable network', 'value-added solutions', 'power reactor', 'life-saving treatments', 'therapeutic purposes', 'medical materials', 'global access', 'cancer therapy', 'proton therapy', 'radiation therapy', 'advanced form', 'promising radioisotope', 'radioisotope Lutetium', 'healthcare industry', 'leading provider', 'United States', 'financial investment', 'growing demand', 'significant step', 'cancer care', 'cancer researchers', 'sustainable foundation', 'future growth', 'Charles Kumps', 'combined expertise', 'critical infrastructure', 'groundbreaking therapies', 'extensive expertise', 'pioneering advancements', 'joint venture', 'new benchmarks', 'innovative, digital', 'worldwide expertise', 'control systems', 'value chain', 'diagnostic imaging', 'special alloys', 'surgical implants', 'EDF Group', 'leading supplier', 'leading player', 'international leader', 'world leader', 'timely availability', 'precision oncology', 'Vice President', 'Astatine-211 compounds', 'full potential', 'strategic partnership', 'IBA contributing', 'Framatome Healthcare', 'timely supply', 'Louvain-La-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'Paris', 'France', 'products', 'services', 'EURONEXT', 'Memorandum', 'Understanding', 'Europe', '211At', 'alpha-therapies', 'collaboration', 'radio-theranostics', 'cornerstone', 'establishment', 'equipment', 'development', 'patients', 'announcement', 'start', 'goal', 'commercialization', 'companies', 'June', 'PanTera', 'field', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'Ends', 'reliability', 'performance', 'company', 'components', 'fuel', 'instrumentation', '18,000 employees', 'customers', 'cleaner', 'safer', 'team', 'radioisotopes', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'prostheses', 'use', 'experts', 'fight', 'LinkedIn', 'MHI']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48727,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022892/0/en/FORVIA-Total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-share-capital.html,FORVIA: Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital,Nanterre  7 February 2025  Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital (Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code...,Nanterre  7 February 2025Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority)__________________Trading place : Euronext ParisCompartment : AISIN code : FR0000121147LEI code : 969500F0VMZLK2IULV85Date Number of shares Total number of theoretical voting rights (1) Total number of exercisable voting rights (2) 31 January 2025 197 089 340 231 316 471 219 224 732(1) In accordance with the provisions of Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  the total number of voting rights (theoretical) is calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including the shares deprived of voting rights.(2) Exercisable voting rights = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares less shares deprived of voting rights.Inclusion in the bylaws of a clause that requires crossing thresholds declaration in addition to that related to legal thresholds : yes.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.34,0.66,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'FORVIA', 'shares', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'ISIN code', 'LEI code', 'Total number', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Trading place', 'Date Number', 'thresholds declaration', 'legal thresholds', 'Article L.', 'less shares', 'Nanterre', '7 February', '969500F0VMZLK2IULV85', '31 January', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'basis', 'Inclusion', 'bylaws', 'clause', 'addition', 'Attachment']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48728,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022573/0/en/Stellantis-and-Mistral-AI-Strengthen-Strategic-Partnership-to-Enhance-Customer-Experience-Vehicle-Development-and-Manufacturing.html,Stellantis and Mistral AI Strengthen Strategic Partnership to Enhance Customer Experience  Vehicle Development and Manufacturing,Stellantis and Mistral AI Strengthen Strategic Partnership to Enhance Customer Experience  Vehicle Development and Manufacturing  Stellantis and Mistral...,Stellantis and Mistral AI Strengthen Strategic Partnership to Enhance Customer Experience  Vehicle Development and ManufacturingStellantis and Mistral AI have been working together for over a year on AI-driven projects across vehicle engineering  fleet data analysis  internal car sales and manufacturing.Mistral AI’s expertise in large language models (LLMs) is helping Stellantis quickly analyze large sets of data to enhance product satisfaction  improve manufacturing quality and reduce development times.Their latest initiative—a next-generation AI-powered in-car assistant—enables natural  conversational interactions  serving as a voice-enabled user manual for drivers.This collaboration exemplifies Stellantis’ quick adoption of the latest advancement in AI to help accelerate efficiency  adaptability  and customer-focused innovation.PARIS  February 7  2025 – Stellantis N.V. and Mistral AI are deepening their strategic collaboration to integrate artificial intelligence (AI) across multiple areas  from vehicle engineering to in-car experiences. This partnership leverages Mistral AI’s expertise in large language models (LLMs) and AI-driven automation to bring AI to many systems and applications across Stellantis enterprise  improving data analysis  streamlining development  and enhancing customer interaction.The latest initiative under this partnership is an advanced in-car assistant  designed to provide real-time  conversational support for drivers. This builds on over a year of joint AI-driven projects aimed at improving customer satisfaction  product development  and manufacturing efficiency.Enhancing the In-Car Experience with AIStellantis and Mistral AI are jointly exploring the development of an AI-powered in-car assistant that allows drivers to interact with their vehicles using natural language.The assistant functions as a real-time  voice-enabled user manual. Customers will be able to ask questions about vehicle features  troubleshooting  or warning indicators and receive immediate guidance through a natural  conversational interaction.It will be continuously updated and adaptable to Stellantis brands and models  delivering a seamless and intuitive experience.AI-Powered Innovation Across StellantisBeyond the in-car assistant  Stellantis and Mistral AI are exploring several AI-driven initiatives:Bill of Materials (BOM) Data Intelligence: A Stellantis-specific AI-powered tool that streamlines the analysis of complex component databases. A chatbot powered by Mistral AI interacts with company product data  helping engineers identify  compare  and optimize part selections to maximize global reuse and efficiency.A Stellantis-specific AI-powered tool that streamlines the analysis of complex component databases. A chatbot powered by Mistral AI interacts with company product data  helping engineers identify  compare  and optimize part selections to maximize global reuse and efficiency. Vehicles Feedback Data Analysis: AI automates the processing of data from development fleets and surveys  quickly identifying trends and corrective actions  improving product quality and customer satisfaction.AI automates the processing of data from development fleets and surveys  quickly identifying trends and corrective actions  improving product quality and customer satisfaction. “Club Stellantis” Virtual Assistant: A chatbot that assists Stellantis employees in France with purchasing company vehicles. The tool is optimized for handling queries in multiple languages  a key feature as the company plans to expand the service across other European countries.A chatbot that assists Stellantis employees in France with purchasing company vehicles. The tool is optimized for handling queries in multiple languages  a key feature as the company plans to expand the service across other European countries. AI-Driven Anomaly Detection: Stellantis is assessing Mistral AI’s edge computing models to detect manufacturing errors in real time  allowing operators to take corrective actions before components are released  improving quality control and efficiency.“There are many players in the AI space  and we’re particularly happy to partner with Mistral AI for its strong ability to adapt quickly and drive meaningful results in a highly collaborative way ” said Ned Curic  Stellantis Chief Engineering & Technology Officer. “Together  we are exploring AI’s potential across several domains to enhance our product development  customer experience and deliver real benefits.”“This partnership is an important step in our commitment to making GenAI more accessible and valuable ” said Arthur Mensch  Mistral AI CEO and Co-Founder. “Stellantis’ bold approach to technology  and its ability to integrate advanced AI into real-world driving experiences make it an ideal partner to showcase how Mistral AI’s versatile solutions can reinvent mobility and empower engineers in their work.”By leveraging AI across multiple touchpoints  Stellantis reinforces its commitment to developing innovative  data-driven solutions that enhance its products  as well as the experiences of both customers and employees.# # #About Mistral AIMistral AI is a science and product company aiming at making frontier generative artificial intelligence accessible to all. We build industry-leading  cost-efficient and customizable LLMs and GenAI-powered products and are committed to openness  transparency and to the advancement of decentralized technologies. We are an independent global company headquartered in Paris  present in the United States and the United Kingdom. For more information  mistral.aiFor more information  contact:François Lesage +33 6 5819 9484 – francois@mistral.aiAbout StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis For more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['Mistral AI', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Customer Experience', 'Vehicle Development', 'Stellantis', 'Manufacturing', 'enables natural, conversational interactions', 'real-time, voice-enabled user manual', 'A Stellantis-specific AI-powered tool', 'Vehicles Feedback Data Analysis', 'real-time, conversational support', 'complex component databases', 'other European countries', 'AI-Driven Anomaly Detection', 'edge computing models', 'real-world driving experiences', 'innovative, data-driven solutions', 'internal car sales', 'joint AI-driven projects', 'several AI-driven initiatives', 'BOM) Data Intelligence', 'large language models', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Stellantis’ bold approach', 'fleet data analysis', 'Stellantis Chief Engineering', 'Mistral AI CEO', 'company product data', 'natural language', 'AI-Powered Innovation', 'a year', 'large sets', 'car experiences', 'AI-driven automation', 'artificial intelligence', 'customer interaction', 'several domains', 'versatile solutions', 'vehicle engineering', 'product satisfaction', 'product quality', 'company vehicles', 'product development', 'Customer Experience', 'latest initiative', 'car assistant', 'quick adoption', 'latest advancement', 'customer-focused innovation', 'multiple areas', 'many systems', 'customer satisfaction', 'In-Car Experience', 'vehicle features', 'warning indicators', 'immediate guidance', 'intuitive experience', 'part selections', 'global reuse', 'corrective actions', 'multiple languages', 'key feature', 'real time', 'quality control', 'many players', 'meaningful results', 'collaborative way', 'Ned Curic', 'real benefits', 'important step', 'Arthur Mensch', 'ideal partner', 'multiple touchpoints', 'Virtual Assistant', 'Vehicle Development', 'development times', 'development fleets', 'AI space', 'advanced AI', 'Stellantis enterprise', 'Stellantis brands', 'Club Stellantis', 'Stellantis employees', 'manufacturing quality', 'manufacturing errors', 'strategic collaboration', 'strong ability', 'Technology Officer', 'Strategic Partnership', 'manufacturing efficiency', 'expertise', 'LLMs', 'drivers', 'adaptability', 'PARIS', 'February', 'applications', 'Customers', 'questions', 'troubleshooting', 'seamless', 'Bill', 'Materials', 'chatbot', 'engineers', 'processing', 'surveys', 'trends', 'France', 'queries', 'service', 'operators', 'components', 'potential', 'commitment', 'GenAI', 'Founder', 'mobility', 'work', 'products']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48729,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022863/0/en/Lexitas-Announces-Acquisition-of-Registered-Agent-Solutions-Inc-by-Wolters-Kluwer.html,Lexitas Announces Acquisition of Registered Agent Solutions Inc. by Wolters Kluwer,Lexitas successfully built and now divests a leader in registered agent services for the SMB market Lexitas successfully built and now divests a leader in registered agent services for the SMB market,HOUSTON  Feb. 07  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Lexitas  a leading provider of technology-enabled legal services and a portfolio company of funds advised by Apax Partners LLP (“Apax”)  today announced that Wolters Kluwer Financial & Corporate Compliance (“FCC”) has signed an agreement to acquire its registered agent and corporate services division  Registered Agent Solutions Inc. (“RASi”)  for approximately $415 million in cash. The transaction is expected to close after the regulatory review process is completed in the coming months.“Since acquiring RASi four years ago  we have successfully built a well-respected leader in the small and medium business segment ” said Nishat Mehta  Lexitas CEO. “We are excited for the additional services and technology that Wolters Kluwer can bring to RASi clients.”For RASi customers  this acquisition will ensure continued superior service as well as enhanced access to innovative tools and expanded product offerings. This acquisition also provides Lexitas with the resources and focus necessary to accelerate the building of a large-scale  national provider of legal support services. Lexitas clients will benefit from the additional concentration Lexitas can now bring to the legal industry amplifying the delivery of mission-critical  highly responsive  technology-enabled services to law firms  insurance companies  and corporations nationwide.“This is an ideal combination of two great businesses ” said Sean Prewitt  President of RASi. “We look forward to bringing our complementary capabilities for small and midsize businesses together with Wolter Kluwer’s comprehensive corporate compliance and registered agent offerings to deliver a truly differentiated customer experience.”“We have long admired and respected RASi’s strong reputation for innovation  growth  and service quality in their core customer segments ” said Catherine Wolfe  Executive Vice President and General Manager  Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation. “We share their commitment to delivering exceptional solutions to our customers and could not be more excited to welcome RASi to Wolters Kluwer.”Wolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Founded in 1987  Lexitas has been a trailblazer in bringing the power of technology to the practice of law. Lexitas has grown tremendously in the years since and today offers services including local and national court reporting  medical record retrieval  process service  registered agent services and legal talent outsourcing. The company recently was named to the Inc. 2024 Best in Business list  which celebrates companies that have made a profound impact on their industries and on society at large. Lexitas is also honored to have been on the Inc. 5000 list ten years in a row  demonstrating consistent growth year over year.About LexitasLexitas is the industry-leading legal tech provider of solutions for the legal profession  serving lawyers  law firms  courts  corporations  third-party administrators  and insurance companies across the country. Lexitas’ product offerings include court reporting  record retrieval  legal staffing  commercial contracts outsourcing  document review  registered agent services  and process service. With customized  high-quality solutions backed by more than 1 300 full-time team members  Lexitas is ready to deploy—anytime  anywhere. For more information visit https://lexitaslegal.com.Media Contact:Becky BergmanFuria Rubel704-607-5977becky@furiarubel.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Registered Agent Solutions Inc', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Lexitas', 'Acquisition', 'mission-critical, highly responsive, technology-enabled services', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'industry-leading legal tech provider', 'Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation', 'Registered Agent Solutions Inc', 'technology-enabled legal services', 'large-scale, national provider', 'differentiated customer experience', 'core customer segments', 'commercial contracts outsourcing', '1,300 full-time team members', 'registered agent offerings', 'registered agent services', 'medium business segment', 'two great businesses', 'legal talent outsourcing', 'customized, high-quality solutions', 'continued superior service', 'legal support services', 'corporate services division', 'Apax Partners LLP', 'Executive Vice President', 'national court reporting', 'medical record retrieval', 'comprehensive corporate compliance', 'Wolters Kluwer Financial', 'regulatory review process', 'Lexitas’ product offerings', 'leading provider', 'additional services', 'process service', 'legal industry', 'midsize businesses', 'Business list', 'legal profession', 'legal staffing', 'document review', 'Wolter Kluwer', 'exceptional solutions', 'software solutions', 'corporate performance', 'Inc. 5000 list', 'service quality', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'coming months', 'Nishat Mehta', 'innovative tools', 'additional concentration', 'ideal combination', 'Sean Prewitt', 'complementary capabilities', 'strong reputation', 'Catherine Wolfe', 'General Manager', '2023 annual revenues', 'profound impact', 'third-party administrators', 'Media Contact', 'Furia Rubel', 'law firms', 'insurance companies', 'global leader', 'consistent growth', 'Becky Bergman', 'portfolio company', 'Lexitas CEO', 'Lexitas clients', 'RASi clients', 'RASi customers', 'HOUSTON', 'funds', 'FCC', 'agreement', 'cash', 'transaction', 'small', 'acquisition', 'enhanced', 'access', 'expanded', 'resources', 'focus', 'building', 'delivery', 'corporations', 'innovation', 'commitment', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG.', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'trailblazer', 'power', 'practice', 'years', 'local', 'industries', 'society', 'lawyers', 'courts', 'country', 'lexitaslegal', 'furiarubel']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48730,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022547/0/en/Realkredit-Danmark-recorded-a-net-profit-of-DKK-4-424-million-for-2024.html,Realkredit Danmark recorded a net profit of DKK 4 424 million for 2024,Press release Tel. +45 45 14 14 007 February 2025 Realkredit Danmark recorded a net profit of DKK 4 424 million for 2024  Kamilla Hammerich Skytte ...,Press releaseTel. +45 45 14 14 007 February 2025Realkredit Danmark recorded a net profit of DKK 4 424 million for 2024Kamilla Hammerich Skytte  CEO  comments on the financial results:“The result for 2024 is robust and was supported by homeowners continuing to do well financially. This was reflected in low provisions  low impairments and loan-to-value ratios at 53% at the end of 2024. All in all  this indicates continually high credit quality.The development in total home finance lending in the Danske Bank Group across mortgage and bank home loans was stable. Housing market activity started the year at a relatively weak level  however  over the year  Realkredit Danmark experienced an increase in activity. We expect that  among other things  the decline in interest rates will have a positive effect on the housing market in 2025  with decent price increases of 4-5% broadly across Denmark.In the commercial market  we continued to have a strong market position. The loss level is low and there was an overall increase in lending in 2024. After some years with low transaction activity  where the interests of buyers and sellers have been difficult to align  we experienced renewed optimism in the market in 2024  which gives rise to expectations of a positive trend in 2025.We have strengthened our advisory services and financial solutions within home finance across bank and mortgage finance products as part of the Danske Bank Group’s Forward ’28 strategy  and this was well received by our customers in 2024.For both the private and the commercial segment  Realkredit Danmark and Danske Bank further strengthened the focus on contributing to the green transition. In the private segment  we expanded our collaboration with the OBH engineering consultancy firm so that customers can now also get advice about climate proofing of homes. In the commercial segment  we entered into partnerships with one of Europe’s largest architecture and engineering consultancies  Sweco  and climate tech company Comundo  and our customers can now more easily get an overview of energy data and receive the right advice to improve the energy efficiency of their properties.Towards the end of 2024  we also strengthened our collaboration with Tryg  and our partnership will in future focus even more on the necessary climate adaptation. All people in Denmark currently have access to home financing and home insurance  but if we want to maintain that level of protection in Denmark  it is crucial that climate adaptation is given even greater priority.”The report is available at rd.dk. Highlights are shown below:In 2024  Realkredit Danmark’s net profit was DKK 4 424 million (2023: DKK 4 394 million). The topline increased  driven by higher interest rate levels  although the increase was partly offset by normalised loan impairment charges.Income rose significantly driven by the higher interest rate levels. Fee income increased driven primarily by trading margins from higher refinancing activity.Expenses amounted to DKK 1 010 million in 2024 (2023: DKK 1 055 million).Credit quality remained strong with a low level of delinquencies and robust collateral. Loan impairment charges were at a normalised level and amounted to DKK 333 million in 2024 (2023: an income of DKK 114 million).After declining lending activity in early 2024  we experienced a slight recovery in the second half of the year. Relative to 2023  there was a decrease in total lending. Nominal residual mortgage debt at Realkredit Danmark fell by around DKK 12 billion to DKK 795 billion at end-2024.We are continuing our efforts to digitalise mortgage financing processes  support advisory differentiation and use intelligent data-driven processes to support a personal and proactive customer approach tailored to specific needs and lifecycle events.The green transition is an important focus area for both private homes and commercial properties. For private homes  we expanded our collaboration with consulting engineering company OBH  so that the customers can obtain advice on climate adaptation in addition to advice on energy improvements.Realkredit Danmark won the Euronext Securities award for the largest issue of green bonds in 2024  which is a further testament to our work on helping our customers with their green transition.Corporate responsibility and sustainability are key elements of Realkredit Danmark’s strategy. We want our customers and stakeholders to be confident that in operating our business  we factor in environmental  social and governance considerations.Realkredit Danmark expects net profit in 2025 to be marginally below net profit in 2024.Contact: Kamilla Hammerich Skytte  CEO  tel. +45 45 13 20 82Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,True,English,"['Realkredit Danmark', 'net profit', 'DKK', '2024', 'higher interest rate levels', 'Nominal residual mortgage debt', 'OBH engineering consultancy firm', 'normalised loan impairment charges', 'total home finance lending', 'higher refinancing activity', 'Kamilla Hammerich Skytte', 'decent price increases', 'intelligent data-driven processes', 'proactive customer approach', 'consulting engineering company', 'Euronext Securities award', 'mortgage finance products', 'climate tech company', 'mortgage financing processes', 'strong market position', 'declining lending activity', 'Danske Bank Group', 'high credit quality', 'bank home loans', 'important focus area', 'low transaction activity', 'necessary climate adaptation', 'Housing market activity', 'total lending', 'interest rates', 'home financing', 'engineering consultancies', 'normalised level', 'home insurance', 'climate proofing', 'low provisions', 'low impairments', 'commercial market', 'low level', 'Press release', 'Realkredit Danmark', 'net profit', 'financial results', 'value ratios', 'other things', 'positive effect', 'positive trend', 'advisory services', 'financial solutions', 'commercial segment', 'green transition', 'largest architecture', 'energy data', 'energy efficiency', 'greater priority', 'rd.dk', 'trading margins', 'robust collateral', 'slight recovery', 'second half', 'advisory differentiation', 'specific needs', 'lifecycle events', 'energy improvements', 'largest issue', 'green bonds', 'Corporate responsibility', 'key elements', 'governance considerations', 'weak level', 'loss level', 'private segment', 'Forward ’28 strategy', 'commercial properties', 'private homes', 'overall increase', 'Fee income', 'right advice', 'Tel.', '7 February', 'DKK', 'CEO', 'homeowners', 'development', 'year', 'decline', 'Denmark', 'interests', 'buyers', 'sellers', 'optimism', 'rise', 'expectations', 'part', 'customers', 'collaboration', 'Europe', 'Sweco', 'Comundo', 'overview', 'Tryg', 'future', 'people', 'access', 'protection', 'report', 'Highlights', 'topline', 'Expenses', 'delinquencies', 'decrease', 'efforts', 'personal', 'addition', 'testament', 'work', 'sustainability', 'stakeholders', 'business', 'social', 'Contact', 'Attachments', '45', '2024']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48731,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/02/07/brokerages-set-public-storage-nysepsa-target-price-at-344-54/,Brokerages Set Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Target Price at $344.54,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) has earned an average rating of “Moderate Buy” from the fourteen brokerages that are presently covering the stock  MarketBeat reports. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation  five ha…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) has earned an average rating of “Moderate Buy” from the fourteen brokerages that are presently covering the stock  MarketBeat reports. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation  five have issued a buy recommendation and two have issued a strong buy recommendation on the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $344.54.PSA has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Barclays decreased their price target on shares of Public Storage from $380.00 to $361.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday  January 13th. Wells Fargo & Company decreased their price target on shares of Public Storage from $375.00 to $365.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday  November 5th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upgraded Public Storage from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $298.00 to $299.00 in a research note on Friday  January 10th. Royal Bank of Canada reduced their price objective on Public Storage from $358.00 to $344.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday  November 8th. Finally  Truist Financial raised their price objective on Public Storage from $306.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday  December 5th.Get Public Storage alerts:View Our Latest Stock Analysis on Public StoragePublic Storage Stock Up 0.1 %Insider Buying and Selling at Public StorageShares of NYSE:PSA opened at $302.57 on Tuesday. Public Storage has a 52-week low of $256.31 and a 52-week high of $369.99. The company has a quick ratio of 0.97  a current ratio of 0.97 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77. The company has a market capitalization of $52.98 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.42  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 4.81 and a beta of 0.74. The company has a 50 day moving average of $305.98 and a two-hundred day moving average of $325.60.In related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 450 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction dated Friday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $317.99  for a total transaction of $143 095.50. Following the sale  the insider now directly owns 2 364 shares in the company  valued at $751 728.36. The trade was a 15.99 % decrease in their ownership of the stock. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available through the SEC website. 11.10% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders.Institutional Investors Weigh In On Public StorageHedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Quent Capital LLC grew its holdings in Public Storage by 135.1% during the fourth quarter. Quent Capital LLC now owns 87 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $26 000 after acquiring an additional 50 shares during the period. Prospera Private Wealth LLC acquired a new position in Public Storage during the third quarter worth about $34 000. Ashton Thomas Securities LLC acquired a new position in Public Storage during the third quarter worth about $38 000. Synergy Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in Public Storage during the fourth quarter worth about $38 000. Finally  Compagnie Lombard Odier SCmA acquired a new position in Public Storage during the third quarter worth about $50 000. 78.79% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors.About Public Storage(Get Free ReportPublic Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'NYSE:PSA', 'Target Price', 'Brokerages', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'real estate investment trust', 'Compagnie Lombard Odier SCmA', 'Prospera Private Wealth LLC', 'Synergy Asset Management LLC', 'seven Western European nations', 'Ashton Thomas Securities LLC', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'average twelve-month target price', '50 day moving average', 'Quent Capital LLC', 'concise daily summary', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'recent analyst reports', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', '35% common equity interest', 'Get Free Report', 'sector perform” rating', 'Public Storage Daily', 'strong buy recommendation', 'other institutional investors', 'Seven research analysts', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'Public Storage Stock', 'Public Storage Shares', 'average price', 'average rating', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'price target', 'MarketBeat reports', 'Royal Bank', 'equity ratio', 'research report', 'Moderate Buy', 'latest news', 'research note', 'price objective', 'fourteen brokerages', 'hold recommendation', 'last year', 'overweight” rating', 'Wells Fargo', 'sell” rating', 'Truist Financial', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'market capitalization', 'growth ratio', 'Exchange Commission', 'SEC website', 'Hedge funds', 'fourth quarter', 'new position', 'third quarter', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Featured Stories', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'hold” rating', 'related news', 'January 10th', 'earnings ratio', 'total transaction', 'United States', 'additional 50 shares', 'Insider Buying', 'company insiders', '40 states', '450 shares', '2,364 shares', '87 shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'brokers', 'ratings', 'subject', 'number', 'Barclays', 'Monday', 'Tuesday', 'November', 'Friday', 'Canada', 'Thursday', 'December', 'Selling', 'debt', 'beta', 'sale', 'trade', '15.99 % decrease', 'ownership', 'document', 'holdings', 'period', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,etfdailynews.com
48732,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022857/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-N-V-to-acquire-Registered-Agent-Solutions-Inc.html,Wolters Kluwer N.V. to acquire Registered Agent Solutions  Inc.,PRESS RELEASE    Wolters Kluwer to acquire Registered Agent Solutions  Inc.Acquisition expands CT Corporation presence with small and midsize......,PRESS RELEASEWolters Kluwer to acquire Registered Agent Solutions  Inc.Acquisition expands CT Corporation presence with small and midsize businessesNEW YORK – February 7  2025 – Wolters Kluwer Financial & Corporate Compliance (“FCC”) has signed an agreement with Lexitas  a legal services provider backed by funds advised by Apax Partners (“Apax”)  to acquire Registered Agent Solutions  Inc. (“RASi”) for approximately $415 million in cash. The acquisition will expand the presence of FCC Legal Services (“CT Corporation”) with small businesses  middle-market companies and law firms in the U.S.RASi serves thousands of customers across all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. Founded in 2002  RASi is headquartered in Austin  Texas  and employs approximately 180 professionals. In addition to registered agent services  the company provides a suite of corporate services including business licenses  UCC search and filing  beneficial ownership filing  business formation services  and entity management and compliance solutions.“We have long admired and respected RASi’s strong reputation for innovation  growth  and service quality in their core customer segments ” said Catherine Wolfe  Executive Vice President and General Manager  Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation. “We share their commitment to delivering exceptional solutions to our customers and could not be more excited to welcome RASi to Wolters Kluwer.”“This is an ideal combination of two great businesses ” said Sean Prewitt  President of RASi. “We look forward to bringing our complementary capabilities for a wide range of businesses and law firms together with CT’s comprehensive corporate compliance and registered agent offerings to deliver a truly differentiated customer experience.”RASi generated 2024 revenues of approximately $52 million (un-audited) and has a track record of profitability. Similar to CT Corporation  a portion of RASi revenue is transactional in nature. The acquisition is expected to reach a return on invested capital at or above Wolters Kluwer’s after-tax weighted average cost of capital (8%) in its fifth full year of ownership. In the near term  the acquisition is expected to have an immaterial impact on Wolters Kluwer adjusted earnings. Subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions  the transaction is expected to be completed in the first half of 2025.Forward-looking statements and other important legal informationForward-looking statements and other important legal information This report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn.To learn more about RASi  please visit https://www.rasi.comContacts:Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Wolters Kluwer Wolters Kluwer Associate Director  Global Communications Investor Relations +316 12 22 36 57 ir@wolterskluwer.com stefan.kloet@wolterskluwer.comDavid Feider Wolters Kluwer Financial & Corporate Compliance Associate Director  External Communicationsdavid.feider@wolterskluwer.com +1 612-246-9454Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.28,0.51,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Registered Agent Solutions', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens', 'Wolters Kluwer Wolters Kluwer Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'David Feider Wolters Kluwer Financial', 'Corporate Compliance Associate Director', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Wolters Kluwer adjusted earnings', 'other important legal information', 'Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation', 'External Communications david', 'core customer segments', 'registered agent offerings', 'differentiated customer experience', 'fifth full year', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Registered Agent Solutions', 'customary closing conditions', 'new ICT systems', 'registered agent services', 'comprehensive corporate compliance', '50 U.S. states', 'Executive Vice President', 'general economic conditions', 'two great businesses', 'business formation services', 'CT Corporation presence', 'beneficial ownership filing', 'FCC Legal Services', 'global leader', 'compliance solutions', 'new information', 'corporate services', 'business licenses', 'General Manager', 'corporate performance', 'NEW YORK', 'exceptional solutions', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'financial risks', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'middle-market companies', 'law firms', 'UCC search', 'entity management', 'strong reputation', 'service quality', 'Catherine Wolfe', 'ideal combination', 'Sean Prewitt', 'complementary capabilities', 'wide range', 'track record', 'average cost', 'near term', 'immaterial impact', 'first half', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'critical decisions', 'Forward-looking statements', 'midsize businesses', 'regulatory approvals', 'regulatory rules', 'Apax Partners', 'credit risks', 'future events', '2023 annual revenues', 'small businesses', 'RASi revenue', '2024 revenues', 'February', 'agreement', 'Lexitas', 'funds', 'cash', 'acquisition', 'thousands', 'customers', 'District', 'Columbia', 'Austin', 'Texas', '180 professionals', 'addition', 'company', 'suite', 'innovation', 'growth', 'commitment', 'profitability', 'portion', 'nature', 'return', 'capital', 'transaction', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'mergers', 'divestments', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '2025']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48733,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022540/0/en/Press-Release-Execution-of-a-share-buyback-agreement-for-up-to-2-billion.html,Press Release: Execution of a share buyback agreement for up to €2 billion,Execution of a share buyback agreement for up to €2 billion  Paris  February 7  2025. On January 30  2025  Sanofi announced its intention to execute a......,Execution of a share buyback agreement for up to €2 billionParis  February 7  2025. On January 30  2025  Sanofi announced its intention to execute a share buyback program in 2025 of €5 billion  preferably through block trades and in the open market with the purpose of cancellation.A first tranche of this program was announced on February 3  2025  and executed on February 5  2025  for an amount of €3 billion  through an off-market block trade with the long-standing shareholder L’Oréal.On February 6  2025  Sanofi has entered into a mandate with an investment service provider for the second tranche of this program. Under the terms of this mandate  Sanofi will repurchase its own shares for a total consideration of up to €2 billion  between February 7  2025 and December 31  2025 at the latest1.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions. Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | + 33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | + 1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comKeita Browne | + 1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | + 33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comSanofi forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.1 Subject to the renewal  as the case may be  of the buyback and cancellation resolutions by the 2025 shareholders meeting.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.94,0.06,mixed,0.18,0.24,0.59,True,English,"['share buyback agreement', 'Press Release', 'Execution', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Léo Le Bourhis', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'L’Oréal', 'investment service provider', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'future clinical data', 'existing clinical data', 'related future litigation', 'SNY Media Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'other global crises', 'other business partners', 'share buyback agreement', 'potential future revenues', 'Thibaud Châtelet', 'market block trade', 'share buyback program', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'global economy', 'other potential', 'block trades', 'Investor Relations', 'other things', 'unexpected safety', 'open market', 'commercial potential', 'market conditions', 'first tranche', 'long-standing shareholder', 'second tranche', 'total consideration', 'social responsibility', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'forward-looking information', 'actual results', 'government regulation', 'manufacturing issues', 'intellectual property', 'ultimate outcome', 'volatile economic', 'financial condition', 'public filings', 'Risk Factors', 'Cautionary Statement', 'annual report', 'applicable law', '2025 shareholders meeting', 'one purpose', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'forward-looking statements', 'post marketing', 'cancellation resolutions', 'various risks', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Victor Rouault', 'Timothy Gilbert', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Keita Browne', 'Nathalie Pham', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Execution', 'Paris', 'February', 'January', 'Sanofi', 'intention', 'amount', 'mandate', 'terms', 'shares', 'December', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', 'world', 'practice', 'medicine', 'impossible', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'leo', 'lebourhis', 'alize', 'chatelet', 'projections', 'estimates', 'product', 'words', 'believes', 'plans', 'management', 'expectations', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'delays', 'availability', 'research', 'analysis', 'quality', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'pandemics', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'vendors', 'employees', 'AMF', 'year', 'obligation', 'renewal', 'case', 'Attachment']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48734,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3023002/0/en/Pharming-Technologies-B-V-declares-unconditional-and-completes-the-recommended-cash-offer-to-the-shareholders-of-Abliva-AB-publ-and-extends-the-acceptance-period.html,Pharming Technologies B.V. declares unconditional and completes the recommended cash offer to the shareholders of Abliva AB (publ) and extends the acceptance period,This press release is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would b…,This press release is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law. Shareholders not resident in Sweden who wish to accept the Offer (as defined below) must make inquiries concerning applicable legislation and possible tax consequences. Shareholders should refer to the offer restrictions included in the section titled “Important information” at the end of this press release and in the offer document published on the transaction website (www.raredisease-offer.com). Shareholders in the United States should also refer to the section titled “Special notice to shareholders in the United States” at the end of this press release.Leiden  the Netherlands  February 7  2025: On December 15  2024  Pharming Technologies B.V. (“Pharming”)  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pharming Group N.V.  announced a recommended cash offer to the shareholders of Abliva AB (publ) (“Abliva”) to tender all their shares in Abliva to Pharming at a price of SEK 0.45 in cash per share (the “Offer”). An offer document relating to the Offer was published on January 15  2025.At the end of the acceptance period of the Offer on February 7  2025  the Offer had been accepted by shareholders representing a total of 1 413 841 472 shares and votes in Abliva  corresponding to approximately 87.7 percent of the total number of shares and votes in Abliva.1 As a result  Pharming controls in total 1 413 841 472 shares and votes in Abliva  corresponding to approximately 87.7 percent of the total number of shares and votes in Abliva.2As set out in the offer announcement press release and the offer document regarding the Offer which was made public on January 15  2025  completion of the Offer is conditional upon  inter alia  the Offer being accepted to such extent that Pharming becomes the owner of shares in Abliva representing more than 90 percent of the total number of shares in Abliva (on a fully diluted basis). As further set out  Pharming has reserved the right to waive  in whole or in part  one  several  or all of the conditions for completion of the Offer  including  with respect to the acceptance level condition  to complete the Offer at a lower level of acceptance.Pharming has now decided to waive the acceptance level condition. Accordingly  as all other conditions for completion of the Offer have been satisfied  the Offer is declared unconditional and Pharming will thus complete the acquisition of all shares in Abliva that have been tendered in the Offer. Settlement for shares tendered in the Offer up to and including February 7  2025  is expected to be initiated on or around February 14  2025.To enable the remaining shareholders of Abliva who have not tendered their shares to accept the Offer  Pharming has decided to extend the acceptance period until February 20  2025 at 15:00 CET. Settlement for shares tendered in the Offer during the extended acceptance period is expected to commence on or around February 27  2025.Since the Offer is now unconditional  shareholders who have accepted the Offer  or will accept the Offer  have no right to withdraw their acceptances.As set out in the offer document  the Offer does not include warrants issued by Abliva to employees and members of Abliva’s Board of Directors as part of incentive programs (the “Warrants”). Pharming has entered into agreements with all such warrant holders to acquire the Warrants  in aggregate 68 131 850 Warrants  at a price which entails a reasonable treatment. The offered price is based on a Black&Scholes valuation of the Warrants. The offered price per Warrant ranges between SEK 0.03–SEK 0.054 depending on the terms and conditions for each different series. This means that Pharming  excluding warrants held by Abliva and its subsidiaries  controls all warrants in Abliva.Except as set out above  neither Pharming nor any party closely related to Pharming has acquired or agreed to acquire any Abliva shares or any financial instruments that give a financial exposure to Abliva shares outside of the Offer.If Pharming  whether in connection with the Offer or otherwise  acquires shares representing more than 90 percent of the total number of shares in Abliva  Pharming intends to initiate a compulsory acquisition procedure in respect of the remaining shares in Abliva under the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). In connection therewith  Pharming will act in furtherance of a delisting of the Abliva shares from Nasdaq Stockholm.For further information  please contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlAbliva investorsLeo WeiT: +46 (0)709 910 081E: pharming@fogelpartners.seInformation about the Offer is available at:www.raredisease-offer.comThe information was submitted for publication on February 7  2025  22:00 CET.This press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Important informationThis press release has been published in Swedish and English. In the event of any discrepancy in content between the two language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.The Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  in or into Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa by use of mail or any other communication means or instrumentality (including  without limitation  facsimile transmission  electronic mail  telex  telephone and the Internet) of interstate or foreign commerce  or of any facility of national securities exchange or other trading venue  of Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa  and the Offer cannot be accepted by any such use or by such means  instrumentality or facility of  in or from  Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa. Accordingly  this press release or any documentation relating to the Offer are not being and should not be sent  mailed or otherwise distributed or forwarded in or into Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa.This press release is not being  and must not be  sent to shareholders with registered addresses in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa. Banks  brokers  dealers and other nominees holding shares for persons in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa must not forward this press release or any other document received in connection with the Offer to such persons.The Offer  the information and documents contained in this press release are not being made and have not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”). Accordingly  the information and documents contained in this press release are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of the information and documents contained in this press release is exempt from the restriction on financial promotions under section 21 of the FSMA on the basis that it is a communication by or on behalf of a body corporate which relates to a transaction to acquire day to day control of the affairs of a body corporate; or to acquire 50 percent or more of the voting shares in a body corporate  within article 62 of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005.Statements in this press release relating to future status or circumstances  including statements regarding future performance  growth and other trend projections and other benefits of the Offer  are forward-looking statements. These statements may generally  but not always  be identified by the use of words such as “anticipates”  “intends”  “expects”  “believes”  or similar expressions. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements due to many factors  many of which are outside the control of Pharming. Any such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Pharming has no obligation (and undertakes no such obligation) to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except for in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Special notice to shareholders in the United StatesThe Offer described in this press release is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Abliva  a company incorporated under Swedish law  and is subject to Swedish disclosure and procedural requirements  which may be different from those of the United States. The Offer is made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “U.S. Exchange Act”) and Regulation 14E thereunder  to the extent applicable  and otherwise in compliance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Swedish law  including with respect to withdrawal rights  the Offer timetable  notices of extensions  announcements of results  settlement procedures (including as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered) and waivers of conditions  which may be different from requirements or customary practices in relation to U.S. domestic tender offers. Holders of the shares of Abliva domiciled in the United States (the “U.S. Holders”) are encouraged to consult with their own advisors regarding the Offer.Abliva’s financial statements and all financial information included herein  or any other documents relating to the Offer  have been or will be prepared in accordance with IFRS and may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of companies in the United States or other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Offer is made to the U.S. Holders on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Abliva to whom an offer is made. Any information documents  including the offer document  are being disseminated to U.S. Holders on a basis comparable to the method pursuant to which such documents are provided to Abliva’s other shareholders.The Offer  which is subject to Swedish law  is being made to the U.S. Holders in accordance with the applicable U.S. securities laws and applicable exemptions thereunder. To the extent the Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. Holders and thus will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. The U.S. Holders should consider that the price for the Offer is being paid in SEK and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.It may be difficult for Abliva’s shareholders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal or state securities laws in connection with the Offer  since Abliva and Pharming are headquartered in countries other than the United States  and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of countries other than the United States. Abliva’s shareholders may not be able to sue Abliva or Pharming or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel Abliva and/or its or Pharming’s respective affiliates to subject themselves to the jurisdiction or judgment of a U.S. court.To the extent permissible under applicable law  rules or regulations  Pharming and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers’ affiliates (acting as agents for Pharming or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time and during the pendency of the Offer  and other than pursuant to the Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase shares of Abliva outside the United States  or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for such shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices  and information about such purchases will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. Holders of such information  to the extent required by applicable law  rules or regulations. In addition  the financial advisors to Pharming may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Abliva  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities as long as such purchases or arrangements are in compliance with the applicable law. Any information about such purchases will be announced in Swedish and in a non-binding English translation available to the U.S. Holders through relevant electronic media if  and to the extent  such announcement is required under applicable Swedish or U.S. law  rules or regulations.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. Holder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each shareholder is urged to consult an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Offer. Neither Pharming nor any of its affiliates and their respective directors  officers  employees or agents or any other person acting on their behalf in connection with the Offer shall be responsible for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from acceptance of this Offer.1 Based on 1 611 884 536 issued shares in Abliva.2 Based on 1 611 884 536 issued shares in Abliva.Attachment,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,negative,0.0,0.48,0.51,True,English,"['Pharming Technologies B.V.', 'cash offer', 'Abliva AB', 'acceptance period', 'shareholders', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Pharming Technologies B.V.', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'offer announcement press release', 'possible tax consequences', 'Black&Scholes valuation', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'acceptance level condition', 'compulsory acquisition procedure', 'VP Investor Relations', 'extended acceptance period', 'lower level', 'Hong Kong', 'New Zealand', 'South Africa', 'other jurisdiction', 'relevant jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'transaction website', 'United States', 'Special notice', 'owned subsidiary', 'diluted basis', 'incentive programs', 'warrant holders', 'reasonable treatment', 'Warrant ranges', 'different series', 'financial instruments', 'financial exposure', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Michael Levitan', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'total number', 'applicable legislation', 'Important information', 'Pharming controls', 'other conditions', 'offer restrictions', 'offer document', 'remaining shares', 'Abliva AB', 'remaining shareholders', 'cash offer', 'Abliva shares', '1,413,841,472 shares', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'regulations', 'Sweden', 'inquiries', 'section', 'raredisease', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'December', 'price', 'SEK', 'January', 'February', 'votes', '87.7 percent', 'result', 'completion', 'extent', 'owner', '90 percent', 'right', 'part', 'respect', 'Settlement', 'acceptances', 'warrants', 'employees', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'agreements', 'aggregate', 'terms', 'subsidiaries', 'connection', 'furtherance', 'delisting', 'London', 'UK', 'Amsterdam', 'nl', '15:00']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48735,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/07/3022561/0/en/SATO-Corporation-s-Financial-Statements-Release-2024-The-housing-market-gradually-returning-to-normal-favourable-development-across-all-areas.html,SATO Corporation’s Financial Statements Release 2024: The housing market gradually returning to normal  favourable development across all areas,SATO Corporation  Financial Statements Release 2024  7 February 2025 at 09:00 am  Highlights January–December 2024 (January–December 2023)  The...,SATO Corporation  Financial Statements Release 2024  7 February 2025 at 09:00 amHighlights January–December 2024 (January–December 2023)The economic occupancy rate increased and was 95.5% (94.9).Net sales stood at EUR 304.1 million (288.4).Net rental income increased and was EUR 214.4 million (198.7).Profit before taxes increased and was EUR 105.4 million (-185.8).The unrealised change in the fair value of investment properties included in the result was EUR 12.0 million (-249.3).Housing investments amounted to EUR 48.6 million (150.0).Invested capital was EUR 4 582.1 million (4 610.4).Return on invested capital was 4.0% (-2.5).Earnings per share were EUR 1.04 (-2.72).The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividends be paid for the 2024 financial year (EUR 0.00/share for 2023).Highlights October–December 2024 (October–December 2023)The economic occupancy rate was 95.7% (94.8).Net sales were EUR 77.1 million (73.5).Profit before taxes was EUR 21.9 million (-91.6).The unrealised change in the fair value of investment properties included in the result was EUR 1.1 million (-109.3).Investments in rental apartments amounted to EUR 16.9 million (57.3).Earnings per share were EUR 0.20 (-1.30).CEO Antti Aarnio:The 2024 reporting year was challenging  just like its predecessor. The oversupply of rental apartments  consumers’ weak confidence  the high interest rate level and general economic uncertainty proved challenging to apartment rental operators. Although residential construction was at a historically low level  the number of previously completed new properties on the market still exceeded expectations  and competition for good tenants continued to be tight. Despite a challenging market situation  SATO’s economic occupancy rate and customer satisfaction improved compared to a year earlier.Enhancing the efficiency of our operations and the implemented savings measures improved our net rental income. Our organisation has now been adapted to reflect the current operating environment and our fixed costs will decrease by around one million euros. The majority of the savings will realise in 2025. The positive development of our net rental income was also impacted during the reporting year by moderate rent reviews and an increase in the occupancy rate.The company’s equity ratio and balance sheet improved. The share issue begun in late 2023 ended in February and we raised some EUR 200 million in gross proceeds from the issue. During 2024  altogether EUR 800 million in new long-term financing was withdrawn  and as a result  our financing needs for 2025 are now covered. In November  the credit rating agency S&P Global Ratings confirmed SATO’s BBB credit rating with a stable outlook.During the reporting year  the economic uncertainty continued even though the high inflation finally began to fall. The European Central Bank began to cut its key interest rate in June and continued with an interest rate cut policy during the second half of the year  which will have a positive impact on SATO’s financing costs. In 2025  the economy is expected to begin growing moderately. If employment and consumer confidence improve  we expect this to have a positive impact on the development of the rental apartment market. The outlook is overshadowed  however  by uncertainties connected to geopolitics and the development of the labour markets.In recent years  competition between rental housing providers has been tight with the abundant offering of apartments exceeding demand. New construction continues  and at the end of the year  there were still approximately 6 000 rental apartments under construction in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. As a result of oversupply  rent increases have fallen behind real costs. The rising maintenance costs may result in higher rents when the housing supply falls.During the reporting year  349 new and 56 renovated rental apartments were completed for SATO. Peijinkuja 10  which was completed in December 2024 in Espoo  will be  for now  our last newbuild as  in accordance with the decision made in October 2022  SATO will continue to refrain from starting any new construction projects.During the year  we continued to develop our digital services and our residents’ service portal  OmaSATO  was updated. At the same time as we move services online  we have invested in the competence of our house experts and service managers who work on our properties  and on their ability to interact with our residents in everyday life and in difficult situations. We wish to ensure that customers receive a uniform  consistent service experience in all of their encounters with SATO’s employees.The customer feedback we have received has been largely excellent and the Net Promote Score (NPS) measuring customer satisfaction during living improved to 27. The NPS for various transactional situations was 57. The NPS results were the best in SATO’s history. Despite the tight competition  we also succeeded in improving our economic occupancy rate. It was 95.5% (94.9) for the entire year.During the reporting year  we continued along the path defined by our sustainability programme. We enable sustainable housing for our residents and encourage them to make daily choices that reduce consumption and promote circular economy. In the autumn we arranged biodiversity training for close to 70 SATO employees working in customer-facing roles and leadership positions across the company’s various operations. Our goal is to do our part to slow down biodiversity loss and enhance biodiversity in both our construction projects and the neighbourhoods of our existing properties.The carbon roadmap we released during the reporting year steers our operations towards carbon-neutral in-use energy consumption. We increased the use of geothermal heat at our properties in line with our plan and we completed the installation of solar power plants in 23 residential buildings. The calculated solar power output generated locally at our properties in 2024 corresponds to the annual electricity consumption of roughly 400 apartments.The Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB)  which assesses sustainability in the property sector  awarded SATO’s sustainability work a rating of three stars and the Green Star recognition. During the reporting year  we were particularly successful in the social responsibility assessment.SATO has been certified as a Great Place to Work® company for the third time and achieved an impressive sixth place in the Best Workplaces in Finland ranking. I am extremely proud and grateful for this recognition  which highlights our long-term success in developing SATOs culture and employee experience. Our employees take pride in their work and find it meaningful. In a survey conducted at the end of 2024  90% of staff reported considering SATO an excellent workplace overall. Additionally  our eNPS (Employee Net Promoter Score)  measured for the first time  was exceptionally high at 61.4.SATO is the most well-known brand in our sector. According to year-end statistics  one-fifth of respondents named SATO as the first rental housing provider that came to mind. Additionally  over 40% mentioned SATO spontaneously  and more than 80% recognised the company from a list of alternatives. This provides a solid foundation for continuing to build our brand awareness.This year  our company proudly celebrates its 85th anniversary. We have played a vital role in the post-war reconstruction of Finland and in establishing the foundations for rental housing. Today  in an increasingly urbanised Finland  we are committed to providing our 44 000 residents with a safe  comfortable  and responsible way of living.2024 was a challenging year for us in multiple ways. However  I am immensely pleased with how we managed to stay focussed and ensure strong results across all our metrics. I extend my warmest thanks to SATO employees  our partners  and the residents living in SATOhomes for their excellent collaboration.Report of the Board of Directors 1 Jan–31 Dec 2024Operating environmentDuring 2024  SATO’s operating environment remained challenging. The housing sector continued to be influenced by the abundant supply of rental homes and ongoing economic uncertainty. Uncertainty was further heightened by industrial action at the beginning of the year  negative economic growth  a weakened employment situation  and the European Central Bank's strict interest rate policy. Also geopolitical challenges like the war in Ukraine  global tensions  and trade policy decisions and sanctions impacted our operating environment.Headline inflation in the eurozone slowed clearly during the review period and was at approximately 2% in late 2024. The rise in services prices has kept core inflation above the target set by the European Central Bank. Finland’s inflation has been the lowest in the eurozone. Due to the fall in inflation  the European Central Bank began its interest rate cuts in June and continued with an interest rate cut policy throughout the second half of the year. The markets expect the key interest rate to fall further during 2025.Economic confidence indicators have remained low  even though inflation slowed significantly. Consumers’ low confidence was reflected in cautious consumption and selection of rental apartments. Also changes made in housing allowance policies may steer consumers to find less expensive apartments  which showed during the review period as an increase in demand for smaller apartments.The construction of new apartments is at an all-time low. Largely due to an increase in the volume of interest-subsidised housing construction  there has  however  been a slight upturn in projects started. The number of apartments completed has contracted clearly this year  but the newbuild construction volume of previous years  which exceeds the long-term housing demand  is  however  maintaining an oversupply of rental homes in growth centres. The oversupply has been shrinking slower than anticipated earlier and competition for good tenants continues. The transformation taking place in construction may in future turn the apartment oversupply to a housing shortage in growth centres.Finland’s economy is shifting to a slow growth phase. Pay raises  slowing inflation and the gradual fall in interest rates improve consumers’ purchasing power. Employment is also expected to improve as economic growth accelerates. In 2025  the GDP is expected to grow by about 1%. The outlook is overshadowed by uncertainties connected to geopolitics and the development of the labour markets.The number of households living in rental apartments exceeded the one million mark in 2023. At the end of 2023  1.02 million households lived in rental apartments  which is 36% of all households. The amount rose by 2.2% year on year and by 6% from 2010. Living in rental homes has become more common as household sizes have decreased. In 2023  approximately 63% of households living in one- or two-room apartments were renting their homes.Urbanisation continues and dense urban living is becoming increasingly popular in Finland. There is a demand for rental apartments in growth centres near good public transport connections and services. Of the major growth centres  the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku continue to enjoy robust growth. The Helsinki metropolitan area’s net positive migration rate in 2023 was the highest in the 2000s: 23 500 people. In 2024  internal migration continued to be strong and the net positive migration of the Helsinki metropolitan area was some 16 000 people at the end of September. The Helsinki metropolitan area is expected to grow by over 200 000 new residents by 2040.Close to 80% of the area’s residents already live in one- to two-person households  and the number of small households continues to rise. The proportion of immigrants living in the capital area is expected to grow from the current 17% to 25% by 2030. Ageing populations typically move closer to growth centres and the services they offer  and they increasingly expect housing-related services. The change in the population structure and development in the prices of owner-occupied apartments create a stable foundation for demand for rental housing especially in the capital area and in Tampere and Turku.Competition for good tenants remained tight during the reporting year  and rent increases remained moderate as housing providers have not been able to pass the actual cost rises on to rents. The rising costs of maintenance and financing will manifest as rising rental costs while the offering of rental apartments falls.The income development of wage and salary earners  pent-up housing demand of households and the decrease in new housing production are expected to increase rental apartment demand going forward. Also economic uncertainty may have a positive impact on the demand for rental apartments as the attractiveness of rental living is predicted to grow among those previously looking for owner-occupied apartments.StrategySATO is a housing investment company that owns 25 849 rental homes in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku. Our company’s strategy is focussed on the continuous improvement of the customer experience  sustainability and sustainable housing  and SATO employees.We want to be present in our customers’ daily lives so that we can offer them a successful customer experience. We build sustainable homes and take care of them in accordance with the life-cycle principles. Long-term profitable business enables our sustainable operations.SATO employees are our most important resource. Well-being at work  an inspiring employee experience and a coaching management style encourage SATO employees to develop themselves and the company and build the SATO of the future.We measure our success using strategic indicators. We strive to improve our residents’ net promoter score (NPS)  maintain our Investment Grade credit rating and achieve a return on equity in line with the set target (8%).Net sales and profitIn 2024  consolidated net sales were EUR 304.1 million (288.4). Operating profit was EUR 185.6 million (-113.6). The operating profit without the fair value change of investment properties was EUR 173.6 million (135.7). The change in fair value was EUR 12.0 million (-249.3).Net financing costs totalled EUR -80.1 million (-72.2). Profit before taxes was EUR 105.4 million (-185.8). Cash flow from operations (free cash flow after taxes excluding changes in fair value) amounted to EUR 88.2 million (32.9). Earnings per share were EUR 1.04 (-2.72).Financial position and financingThe consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 5 059.6 million (5 085.0) at the end of December. Equity was EUR 2 599.8 million (2 435.0). Equity per share was EUR 30.63 (43.01).The Group’s equity ratio was 51.4% (47.9) at the end of the year. EUR 800.0 million in new long-term financing was withdrawn (255.0) and the solvency ratio was 38.6% (42.4) at the end of December. The Group’s return on equity was 3.3% (-6.3). Return on invested capital was 4.0% (-2.5).Cash and cash equivalents at the end of December totalled EUR 31.3 million (7.0). Interest-bearing liabilities at the end of December totalled EUR 1 970.1 million (2 159.2)  of which loans subject to market terms accounted for EUR 1 865.7 million (2 044.0). The loan itemisation is in note 25 of the financial statements. At the end of the reporting year  the average loan interest rate was 3.7% (3.4). Net financing costs totalled EUR -80.1 million (-72.2). The average maturity of loans was 3.8 years (2.8).The calculated impact of changes in the market value of interest hedging on equity was EUR -6.2 million (-13.4). The proportion of unsecured loans to all loans was 69.5%. At the end of the year  the proportion of unencumbered assets was 73.0% of the balance sheet.Issue of sharesThe share issue begun in late 2023 ended in February and we raised some EUR 200 million in gross proceeds from the issue. The number of company shares rose by 28 279 377 due to the share issue  from 56 783 067 shares to 85 062 444 shares.Group structureSATO Corporation is the parent company of SATO Group. At the end of the reporting year  the parent company had a total of 11 (13) subsidiaries engaged in business operations. Mergers took place during the year in order to clarify the Group structure.SATO Corporation’s majority shareholder is Balder Finska Otas AB  whose parent company is Fastighets AB Balder  which is quoted on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.Housing businessOur housing business focuses on rental activities  customer service  life-cycle management and maintenance. Our goal is to guarantee fast and efficient renting for home-seekers and a steady cash flow for the Group. Our focus is on building a first-class customer experience at all contact points  both physical and digital.High-quality property maintenance and regular preventive maintenance ensure the comfort of residents and that the apartments stay in good condition and retain their value.At the end of the year under review  SATO had approximately 44 000 customers. The economic occupancy rate improved compared to the previous year and was 95.5% (94.9) during the reporting year. Plenty of new rental apartments were completed for the market  which gave customers more options. Apartment rental activities slowed and competition among housing providers remained tight in all our operating areas.In 2024  we have focussed especially on improving the effectiveness of service processes  strengthening the consistency of operations  and developing new operating models and practices and their comprehensive adoption. Developing measurement and reporting has been a key aspect of our operations and we have also developed new tools to improve the predictability of our operations.We want to be closely present in our customers’ daily lives and offer them first-class customer service. We serve our customers through various channels in as many as 20 different languages. In addition to personal service  our customers can reach us via the chat service at sato.fi  where also the SATObot is on duty 24/7. We actively develop our digital services together with customers and our personnel.During the reporting year  we actively developed SATO’s house expert model. At the end of the year  67 house experts and 6 team leaders worked in our house expert organisation. Their primary task is to ensure  together with the maintenance company  that our buildings are comfortable and well-maintained. The house expert model is in use in all of the properties wholly owned by SATO in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku.Our residents’ customer experience is made up of multiple factors  such as how well the resident’s home meets their needs  home removal situations and digital and face-to-face interaction with SATO employees. We have invested in building a first-class customer experience by developing our service processes. With their help  we can ensure a consistent and seamless customer experience at all of our contact points  regardless of the channel.We continued to develop the Concept of good encounters that was launched in 2023. The concept describes the way we interact with one another  our customers  partners and other stakeholders.We have significantly developed customer experience measurement and reporting. In 2024  we continued to use the Net Promoter Score (NPS) index. Our NPS during living was 27 (23) and the NPS for various transactional situations was 57 (53). The second figure is based on our customers’ estimates at different contact points  such as customer service calls  maintenance visits by house experts  apartment offers made by our sales team and apartment viewings.Our economic occupancy rate was 95.5% (94.9) at the end of the year. The external tenant turnover rate for rental apartments was 28.7% (26.8). Rental income increased by 5.4% to EUR 304.1 million (288.4). The average monthly rent of SATO’s rental apartments at the end of the reporting year was EUR 18.40 per m2 (18.08). Net rental income from apartments stood at EUR 214.4 million (198.7).Investment propertiesOn 31 December 2024  SATO owned a total of 25 849 apartments (25 468). During the reporting year 349 rental apartments (978) were completed for SATO  and at the end of the year  no rental apartments were under construction (349). The number of divested apartments was 1 (530).EUR 40.4 million (99.1) was spent on repairing and upgrading apartments. During the reporting year  renovation was completed for 56 apartments (545) and renovation was underway in 0 apartments (56).Fair valueThe core purpose of our business operations is to increase the value of our rental apartments. The housing stock is focussed on areas and apartment sizes that are expected to grow in demand in the long term. The allocation of building repairs is based on life-cycle plans and repair need specifications.The fair value of our investment properties on 31 December 2024 totalled EUR 4 971.4 million (4 885.7). The change in the value of investment properties  including investments and divestments in the financial year  was EUR 85.7 million (-158.5).The fair value of properties funded by ARAVA and interest-subsidised loans using the income value method would be some EUR 250 million higher than the current value.The external expert JLL Finland Oy (JLL) issues a biannual statement on the valuation methods applied by SATO  the appropriateness of sources of information used and the quality and credibility of the valuation for investment properties.JLL’s latest statement was issued on the valuation carried out on 31 December 2024. The criteria for the determination of the fair value are presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.At the end of the year  the Helsinki metropolitan area’s commuting area accounted for some 86.3%  Tampere for some 7.9% and Turku for 5.8% of the value of apartments.Investments  divestments and property developmentInvestment activities are used to manage the housing portfolio and prepare the ground for growth. In the 2000s  SATO has invested a total of more than EUR 3.9 billion in non-subsidised rental apartments. SATO acquires and builds entire rental buildings and single rental apartments. Property development allows for new investments in rental apartments. The rental potential and value of current rental apartments are developed through repair activities  which also help increase comfort and improve energy efficiency.In response to continued strong urbanisation  SATO invests  in addition to Helsinki  Espoo and Vantaa  also in their surrounding municipalities and in Tampere  Turku and their surrounding municipalities. Investments in rental apartments were EUR 48.6 million (150.0) in 2024. Investments in the Helsinki metropolitan area represented 90.2% and investments in new apartments represented 39.4%. In addition  SATO’s binding purchase agreements on 31 December 2024 totalled EUR 1.3 million (16.2). During the reporting year  1 rental apartment (530) was divested. Its value was EUR 0.1 million (52.6).The book value of plot reserves totalled EUR 66.6 million (44.3) at the end of the reporting year. The value of new plots acquired by SATO by the end of December 2024 totalled EUR 26.5 million (0.8).SATO has permitted building volume for approximately 1 650 apartments on the plots in the company’s housing portfolio. The long-term aim is to utilise the existing infrastructure  create a denser urban structure and bring more residents close to services and good public transport connections.We engage in urban development together with cities and other operators in the sector. Developing urban districts benefits not only the future residents of new apartments  but also the existing residents  as services improve and the urban environment develops. As a long-term property owner  housing investor and housing provider  SATO has the will to build pleasant  safe and diverse neighbourhoods. We offer our residents sustainable way of living and encourage them to make sustainable choices in their daily lives. We build and maintain homes in a financially viable manner and minimise our operations’ environmental impacts.During the reporting year  we continued the development of  among other areas  Itäkeskus in Helsinki and Sarfvik area in Kirkkonummi. In Helsinki  we are contributing to the development of a new centre for East Helsinki around the Puotila metro station and the Puhos and Stoa areas. In Kirkkonummi  we are initiating the partial master planning of the northern section of the Sarfvik area  originally developed by SATO  in collaboration with the municipality of Kirkkonummi and other key landowners in the area. Over the coming decades  the aim is to build a new modern  comfortable  and ecological urban area along the Espoonlahti shoreline. SATO is also engaged in several other development projects in Espoo  Helsinki  Järvenpää  Kirkkonummi  Tampere  Turku  and Vantaa.During the year  we strengthened our land reserves by acquiring two larger plots in Viikki and Myllypuro  Helsinki  enabling the future construction of approximately 500–550 new homes.Plots in areas developed by SATO were sold to construction companies and other partners. This enables the construction of approximately 400 owner-occupied and rental apartments  thus promoting the diverse development of the residential areas.During the reporting year  349 (978) new rental apartments were completed for SATO. Apartments were completed in Hyrylä in Tuusula and Finnoo in Espoo. In addition  during the review period  33 completed and under-construction homes were acquired (0).We renovate the rental homes and properties we own according to the life-cycle principle. Renovations on a total of 56 rental apartments were completed in Kallio  Helsinki.Housing starts have been at an all-time low in the entire sector. The supply of new rental apartments will heavily decrease over the next few years. In autumn 2022  we decided not to initiate any new investments for the time being. Behind the decision were higher financing costs and the rise in construction and maintenance costs driven by dramatically increased inflation.We are committed to improving the energy efficiency of our properties and we are increasing local production of renewable energy at our properties.SustainabilityDuring the reporting year  our sustainability work was governed by SATO’s strategy and our sustainability programme for 2023–2026. The themes of the programme are sustainable housing (environmental sustainability)  communities’ well-being (social sustainability) and profitably sustainable business (good governance and economic sustainability). Our programme’s policies are linked to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG). During the year  we advanced our sustainability work in line with the targets in all areas. The realisation of the sustainability programme’s annual measures is part of every SATO employee’s remuneration.In environmental responsibility  we continued the energy-efficiency measures based on our carbon roadmap and invested in renewable  locally produced energy: solar power plants and geothermal heat. Energy produced locally on our properties helps us reduce purchased energy. During the reporting year  we installed solar power plants on 20 of our existing properties  which include altogether 1 268 rental homes  and in three new construction projects  with 349 homes. At the end of 2024  53 properties housing 4 616 rental homes had a solar power plant. Locally produced solar power is used as building electricity for  among other things  lighting and ventilation in communal spaces.At the end of the reporting year  among the properties fully owned by SATO  geothermal heat was the main form of heating in 1 820 rental homes and hybrid heating with district heat and heat pumps was the main form in 70 rental homes. During the year under review  we made an investment decision to switch over to geothermal heat during the next year in 13 properties located in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku. In addition to our own measures  we continuously collaborate with energy suppliers in order to save energy and increase carbon neutral energy solutions  among other things.Our goal is to also reduce our water consumption. During the reporting year  we installed apartment-specific water meters in some 4 000 current rental homes. According to Motiva’s assessment  water meters reduce water consumption by around 8% on average. In 2024  building electricity did not produce any emissions because it was produced 100% by wind power. SATO’s goal is to be carbon neutral by the end of 2030 when it comes to in-use energy consumption.During the reporting year  we initiated our biodiversity work in line with the biodiversity roadmap 2024–2026 that we released last year. Our goal is to slow down biodiversity loss and improve biodiversity in housing construction and in the areas where our existing buildings are located. In 2024  we began to update the guidelines steering newbuild construction and building repair planning  and the maintenance guidelines with regard to biodiversity. Furthermore  we began creating introduced species guidelines. At the end of the year  we organised biodiversity training  attended by close to 70 SATO employees. We also started up an in-house discussion on planning measures linked to the theme at our existing properties.We participated for the tenth time in the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) assessment. We retained our three stars on a scale of one to five. SATO’s score in the Standing Investments Benchmark (existing properties) remained at 76 as in the previous year  and in the Development Benchmark (construction projects)  SATO’s score rose to 83 points from 79 points in the previous year. In its peer group  SATO’s result represents the average of northern European housing investors.SATO’s strengths in the GRESB assessment were  for example  sustainability management  risk management  diverse stakeholder co-operation  a comprehensive health and well-being programme and measures for personnel  and issues related to tenants’ health and safety. SATO received full points for sustainability management. SATO received the weakest scores in buildings’ environmental certifications that are not used by the company.In the area of social responsibility  we focussed during the reporting year especially on supporting our employees’ well-being at work and competence development. In addition  we continued to strengthen our occupational safety culture and ways of working. Our goal is to reduce mental health-related sick leave days and absences resulting from work accidents. We succeeded in reducing our sick leave days resulting from mental health issues by 36% compared to the previous year and work accidents leading to absences by 92%.We carried on the diversity  equity and inclusion work (DEI) that began last year. During the reporting year  we continued to increase understanding on the topic through in-house discussions  and we arranged coaching on neurodiversity in the work community for everyone at SATO. We reviewed our personnel practices and adopted a positive special treatment principle in our recruitment process  which  when there are two equally matched applicants  allows us to use as a selection criterion an attribute that is in the minority in the work community.We continued to improve customer encounters during the reporting year in line with the Concept of good encounters that was launched in 2023. The objective of the concept is to ensure that our customers can enjoy a consistent service experience regardless of the situation and the SATO employee  and to improve the customer experience. The good encounter concept is a tool used by all SATO employees and steers our daily activities.During the reporting year  SATO joined the HIMA project  which supports youth living on their own through means of family cooperation and participation. The project is run by the Finnish Youth Housing Association NAL  Vamos Helsinki and Pääkaupunkiseudun Nuorisoasunnot ry. In the collaboration  SATO recommends the project to young adults that it has encountered through housing advisement.We also continued collaboration with the non-profit organisation No Fixed Abode and the Rehabilitation Foundation in their project to help participants in the project to find two of life’s essentials – a home and a job. By the end of 2024  seven people who had participated in the project were living in a SATOhome.In the area of governance and financial responsibility  we continued to develop consistent and transparent ways of working and the description of our core processes during the reporting year. At the start of the year  we also carried out a Compliance risk assessment. During the year  we updated our guidelines on combatting money laundering and terrorism and the anti-corruption and anti-bribery guidelines. We trained our personnel in the Code of Ethics  which was updated at the end of the previous year  and launched related online training  completed by 95% of SATO employees during the year.During the year  we also began preparations for reporting in accordance with the EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). SATO will report in compliance with CSRD starting in 2025. During the reporting year  we implemented a double materiality assessment and a gap analysis of reporting readiness. The material topics identified for SATO in the double materiality assesment are: Climate change (E1)  Water and marine resources (E3)  Biodiversity and ecosystems (E4)  Resource use and circular economy (E5)  Own workforce (S1)  Workers in the value chain (S2)  Affected communities (S3) and Business conduct (G1).SATO has a First Whistle channel in place  through which SATO employees and external stakeholders can confidentially report detected or suspected misconduct or other inappropriate conduct.We report on our sustainability work annually in reference with the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) reporting guidelines  and the environmental sustainability and procurement figures presented in the report are verified by an independent third party  i.e. Deloitte Oy.In 2020  we committed to reporting in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. In the framework  the risks are divided into four main categories: transition risks  acute and chronic physical risks and social risks. During the reporting year  risks caused by climate change were part of SATO’s general risk assessment that is conducted internally each year. Climate-related risks and opportunities and their impact on the company’s operations were addressed in the Corporate Management Group and reported to the Board of Directors twice during the reporting year.Impacts on the environment and societyAccording to the Ministry of the Environment  construction and buildings cause approximately one third of Finland’s greenhouse gas emissions. In addition to the climate  the built environment also has a significant impact on nature  and the construction supply chains also have identified nature impacts.Our most significant climate impacts arise from energy consumption during living and the construction and repair of our homes. Mitigating climate change and responding to it are at the core of our sustainability work. We aim to reduce the emissions caused by our operations and our goal is to reach carbon neutrality for in-use energy consumption by the end of 2030.Our objective is to systematically reduce the negative impacts of our operations on the environment and nature. We reduce the load on the environment by regularly and proactively maintaining and repairing homes and properties according to the life-cycle principle  and by building properties primarily in existing urban environments and near good public transport connections.The planning of SATO’s new rental apartments always takes into account energy efficiency and solutions that will last for decades. In new properties  SATO’s goal is energy class A (energy performance indicator 75 or below)  which is significantly better than that required by the building code (energy performance indicator 90). All of the buildings that were completed during the reporting year were energy class A. In 2024  we did not start any new construction projects.During the reporting year  we continued to invest in energy efficiency improvements in SATOhomes in connection with renovations. In renovations  our goal is to improve energy efficiency by at least 30% compared to earlier. A total of 56 homes were renovated in 2024.We are committed to the Energy Efficiency Agreement targets for the property sector  aiming for a reduction in the total consumption of electricity and heat of 10.5% from the 2015 baseline by 2025. The use of renewable energy in heating significantly reduces the in-use emissions of homes. Our goal is for 80% of our energy consumption to be renewable or carbon neutral by the end of 2026. We increase local energy production and always look into the possibility of using geothermal heat and other locally produced energy and heat recovery. We implement these wherever it is possible and also financially viable.During the reporting year  specific energy consumption rose 2.7%  specific electricity consumption rose 2.7% and specific water consumption rose 0.3% compared to 2023. Specific emissions from SATO’s apartments rose by 0.4% compared to 2023 and were 23.2 carbon dioxide equivalent kilograms per square metre (23.1). Emissions are calculated according to the absolute consumption of district heating. Total energy costs grew due to the freezing temperatures in early 2024 and higher heating energy costs.Our business is long-term  transparent and sustainable. We regularly assess and predict the social  economic and environmental risks related to our operations. We strive to systematically reduce the identified negative impacts  for example by following our Code of Ethics  by combating the grey economy  by approving only companies registered with the Reliable Partner service as our co-operation partners  by providing guidelines for our partners  through internal control  and by continuously developing our operations.We generate a steady financial benefit for our stakeholders  including shareholders  employees  goods suppliers and service providers and their employees as well as customers  municipalities and the state. We support growth opportunities in business and industry by offering rental apartments in Finland’s largest growth centres  in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku.We enable sustainable way of living for our residents and encourage them to make sustainable choices in their daily lives. We are a long-term and responsible housing provider for our residents.Development activitiesOur operating model is based on the idea that any needs for improvement and change in the organisation are best identified by the employees whose daily work involves the matters in question. One of the spearheads of SATO’s strategy is SATO employees  and our intent is for each SATO employee to develop and build the SATO of the future.SATO has in place a continuous improvement model for business. We develop our operations as smaller components rather than large units  which speeds up development work and allows processes to be improved effectively. In connection with development work  we identify  prioritise and carry out strategically important actions.SATO’s development activities in 2024 focussed on projects improving operating models and business operations. We invested in developing digital services  the customer experience and in building a harmonised service experience.During 2024  SATO revamped its digital service for residents  OmaSATO. In the platform  residents can manage their housing-related matters digitally. The goal of the development work was to make it easier to use the service  enabling residents to take care of as many matters as possible directly in OmaSATO. Due to the revamp  OmaSATO offers residents an improved user experience and more extensive information on their own housing matters. The service will be developed further based on residents’ wishes and the available data. The fact that more than 30 000 SATO residents use the service proves its importance.During the reporting year  we planned and carried out a new system for long-term maintenance planning. At the same time  we will also review the operating model for the entire life-cycle management. The maintenance planning system was created as part of the property data system KoTi  which allows us to manage the key areas of property management centrally and in a uniform manner. As the operating models develop  we will continuously invest in the development of the KoTi system to ensure that it corresponds as closely as possible to our customers’ needs.In 2024  we looked into the opportunities offered by AI and expanded our personnel’s AI competence. We organised training for the entire personnel and discussed the topic at the annual SATO Day in September. We carried out many business-oriented tests and pilots from the perspective of utilising AI and we extensively tested tools utilising AI. At the end of the year  we started up the AI ambassador programme with which we are looking into increasing and accumulating AI competence and embedding best practices in our operations.A total of EUR 2.2 million (2.3) was spent on development in year 2024  corresponding to approximately 0.7% of net sales.Events after the review periodNo significant events after the end of the reporting period.Risk managementRisk management is used to ensure that risks impacting the company’s business are identified  managed and monitored. The main risks of SATO’s business are risks related to the business environment and financial risks. SATO’s key risks are:The weak development of Finland's economyThe weak development of Finland's economy  deteriorating employment situation  and uncertainty surrounding the economic outlook are impacting consumers' purchasing power. A weaker-than-expected economic situation in Finland may influence the housing market through decreased market demand  reduced customer solvency  increased credit losses  lower market rents  and consequently  a decline in the value of SATO’s housing assets.The growing repair backlogIf SATO’s housing assets are not maintained systematically and in a timely and controlled manner  this may lead to negative impacts on residents' comfort and health  SATO's reputation  the rentability and pricing of the apartments  and  therefore  the value development of the assets.Geopolitical risksSecurity policy tensions that have grown due to the war in Ukraine and other military conflicts and any tariffs possibly set by different countries may have a significant impact on SATO’s business environment.Cyber risksCybercrime has increased risks related to business continuity and the loss of critical data. It can target  for example  systems critical to the continuity of the business or personal data. The consequences of a cyberattack can be the interruption of operations  the weakening of the company’s reputation or fines imposed by authorities.Risks related to climate changeA delay in measures aimed at mitigating climate change and increasing extreme weather phenomena can impact the condition of apartments and maintenance costs  increase repair needs and reduce apartments’ rental potential. This can have a negative impact on the fair value of investment properties.Risks related to renting apartmentsThe most significant risks in the renting of apartments are related to economic cycles and fluctuations in demand and supply. High new housing construction activity can increase the supply of rental housing to a point that it exceeds demand. This leads to rental housing vacancies and pressure to even out or lower the rent level especially for the old housing portfolio.A clear weakening in the housing market could have a negative impact on the market value of SATO’s housing portfolio. In accordance with its strategy  SATO focusses its investments on growth centres and on renovating and repairing its existing housing portfolio. This ensures apartments’ rental capacity and value development.Official regulationsChanges in official regulations and legislation  as well as the uncertainty stemming from them  may have a significant impact on the reliability of the investment environment and thus on SATO’s business. SATO monitors and anticipates these changes and also calls attention to what it considers to be negative impacts of regulation.Financial risksThe management of financial risks is steered by the Group’s treasury policy  which has been approved by SATO’s Board of Directors. Our financial risk management principles are defined in the treasury policy. Our most significant financial risks relate to liquidity  refinancing and interest rates. We manage our liquidity and refinancing risks by diversifying the financing sources and maturity of our loan portfolio  and by holding sufficient liquidity reserves in the form of committed credit facilities and other long-term financing commitments. The company has a valid EUR 2.0 billion Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) programme.The means for managing the liquidity risk at SATO include cash assets  a bank account limit  committed credit facilities of EUR 600 million and a commercial paper programme of EUR 400 million. We increase the amount of reserves as the financing requirements grow. Our objective is to keep the liquidity requirements of the next 12 months covered by committed agreements.Floating rate loans form an interest rate risk which we manage by balancing the share of fixed and floating rate loans either by issuing fixed rate loans or by interest rate hedges. According to our treasury policy  our objective is to keep the ratio of fixed rate loans at over 60% of the debt portfolio after interest hedging. At the end of the review period  the fixed rate portion of the loan portfolio after hedging was 63.0% (excluding current loans).Pending legal actionsSATO has no official procedures  legal actions or arbitration proceedings pending that would have a significant impact on the company’s financial standing or profitability  and SATO is not aware of any threat of such proceedings.SharesOn 31 December 2024  the share capital of SATO Corporation was EUR 4 442 192.00 and there were 85 062 444 shares. The company has one series of shares. The shares are included in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy.SATO Corporation holds 166 000 treasury shares. This represents 0.2% of all shares and the votes they confer.On 21 March 2024  the General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue. The number of shares issued based on the authorisation cannot exceed 8 517 460 shares. The maximum number of shares corresponds to some 10% of the number of the company’s registered shares after the share issue executed at the start of the year. At the time  altogether 28 279 377 of the company’s new shares were subscribed for in the share issue  which corresponds to some 99.90% of all of the 28 308 533 new shares in the company offered in the share issue.On 31 December 2024  the Board members or the CEO of SATO Corporation did not directly hold any shares in the company. A more detailed description of the shareholdings of the members of the Board is given in the Corporate Governance Statement 2024.PersonnelAt the end of December 2024  the Group employed 300 people (323)  of whom 277 (295) had a permanent employment contract. The average number of personnel was 315 people (333) during the reporting year. The Group’s salaries and remunerations in 2024 totalled 21.4 million (22.1).Shareholders’ Nomination CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee consists of representatives of SATO’s four largest shareholders registered in the book-entry system on 1 October. If a shareholder chooses not to exercise their nomination right  the right will pass on to the next largest shareholder. The State Pension Fund  the company’s fourth largest shareholder on 1 October 2024  did not exercise its nomination right  and the right was passed to Erkka Valkila  the fifth largest shareholder. The Committee consisted of representatives of the following shareholders: Balder Finska Otas AB (Erik Selin)  Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool (Ming Eng)  Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company (Niko Syrjänen) and Erkka Valkila.Board of Directors  CEO and auditorsSATO’s Annual General Meeting held on 21 March 2024 confirmed that the Board of Directors consists of six members. Re-elected to the Board of Directors were chair Erik Selin and ordinary members Esa Lager  Tarja Pääkkönen  Sharam Rahi  and Timo Stenius. Ming Eng was elected as a new board member  replacing Johannus (Hans) Spikker.The Board of Directors convened 11 times in 2024. The Board’s work is supported by the HR and Remuneration Committee.In 2024  Antti Aarnio  M.Sc. (Tech.)  was SATO’s President and CEO.As the company’s auditor  the Annual General Meeting selected the audit firm Deloitte Oy  which appointed APA Aleksi Martamo as the auditor in charge. The auditor’s term in office is the financial year  and the auditor’s duties end at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting.Members of the Corporate Management GroupDuring the reporting period 2024  the Corporate Management Group consisted of Antti Aarnio  CEO  Arto Aalto  EVP  Investments  Markku Honkasalo  CFO  Laura Laamanen  CCO and Elina Vaurasalo  EVP  Housing Business.Related party transactionsDuring the financial year  SATO had no significant related party transactions. For more details  see note 32 of the consolidated financial statements and note 19 of the parent company's financial statements.OutlookIn the operating environment  SATO’s business activities are mainly affected by consumer confidence and purchasing power  rent and price development for apartments  maintenance costs  the general competitive situation and interest rates.Weak economic growth and falling employment have depressed consumer confidence. Going forward  the falling interest rate level  declining inflation and pay raises will improve consumers’ purchasing power and employment rates  and the economy is expected to take a moderate growth trajectory in 2025. The outlook is overshadowed by uncertainties connected to geopolitics and the development of the labour markets.The construction of new apartments is at an all-time low. Largely due to an increase in the volume of interest-subsidised housing construction  there has  however  been a slight upturn in projects started. At the end of the year  there were still around six thousand apartments for rental use under construction in the Helsinki metropolitan area. The number of apartments completed has contracted clearly in 2024  but the newbuild construction volume of previous years  which exceeds the long-term housing demand  is  however  maintaining an oversupply of rental homes in the growth centres. The shrinking of the oversupply has been slower than anticipated and competition for good tenants continues.Dense urban living is becoming increasingly popular in Finland and there is demand for rental apartments near good public transport connections and services. The change in the population structure  together with price development  creates a stable foundation for demand for rental housing especially in the capital area and in Tampere and Turku. Internal migration to the major growth centres has continued and the Helsinki metropolitan area’s net positive migration rate in 2023 was the highest in the 2000s: 23 500 people. In 2024  internal migration has continued to be strong and the net positive migration of the Helsinki metropolitan area was some 16 000 people at the end of September. The powerful migration is reflected in the strong increase in demand for rental apartments in growth centres.Urbanisation  the income development of wage and salary earners  pent-up housing demand of households  falling interest rates and the decrease in new housing production will increase housing demand going forward. Changes made in housing support policies may  however  steer consumers to find less expensive apartments. Some people looking for owner-occupied apartments may consider living in a rental apartment as an option.Decreasing new housing production and population growth in growth centres will reduce supply and increase demand for rental apartments  which will likely translate into higher rents in the future.As tenants have a wider array of choices  a successful customer experience is more important than ever. SATO is investing strongly in increasing its customer presence and developing digital services.In line with its majority shareholder’s operating model  SATO Corporation will not publish guidance on its 2025 earnings. The parent company of Balder Finska Otas AB is Fastighets AB Balder  which is quoted on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the distribution of profitOn 31 December 2024  the parent company’s distributable equity was EUR 729 448 510.73  of which profit for the period was EUR 37 384 372.90. The company had 84 896 444 outstanding shares entitling to dividends for 2024.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividends be paid for the 2024 financial year (EUR 0.00/share for 2023)  and that EUR 37 384 372.90 be transferred to retained earnings.No material changes have taken place in the company’s financial position since the end of the financial year.Distribution of sharesLargest shareholders on 31 December 2024no. of shares % Balder Finska Otas AB (Fastighets AB Balder) 48 483 564 57.0% Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool 19 217 470 22.6% Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company 10 849 621 12.8% The State Pension Fund 4 194 300 4.9% Valkila Erkka 385 000 0.5% Tradeka-invest Ltd 189 750 0.2% Research Foundation of the Pulmonary Diseases 180 000 0.2% SATO Corporation 166 000 0.2% Komulainen Pekka 159 825 0.2% Entelä Tuula 151 500 0.2% Others (119 shareholders) 1 085 414 1.3%On 31 December 2024  the Group had 129 shareholders entered in the book-entry system. The turnover of SATO Corporation’s shares was 0.0% during the reporting year.Annual General Meeting 2025The Annual General Meeting of SATO Corporation will be held in Helsinki on Thursday  20 March.Financial publications in 2025Publication dates for interim reports and the half-year financial report:8 May 2025 Interim report 1–3/202515 July 2025 Half-year financial report 1–6/202528 October 2025 Interim report 1–9/2025For further information  please contact:President and CEO Antti Aarnio  tel. +358 20 134 4200  firstname.lastname@sato.fiCFO Markku Honkasalo  tel. +358 20 134 4226  firstname.lastname@sato.fiAttachments:Annual Report 2024Financial Statements presentation 2024Financial Statements as an XHTML fileDistribution: Euronext Dublin  main media  www.sato.fi/en.SATO Corporation is an expert in sustainable rental housing and one of Finland’s largest rental housing providers. SATO owns around 26 000 rental homes in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area  Tampere and Turku.SATO aims to provide an excellent customer experience and a comprehensive range of urban rental housing alternatives with good access to public transport and services. We promote sustainable development and work in open interaction with our stakeholders.SATO invests profitably  sustainably and with a long-term view. We increase the value of our assets through investments  divestments and repairs. www.sato.fi/enAttachments,neutral,0.14,0.86,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.23,0.41,True,English,"['normal, favourable development', 'SATO Corporation', 'Financial Statements', 'housing market', 'areas', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'The European Central Bank', 'uniform, consistent service experience', 'interest rate cut policy', 'high interest rate level', 'key interest rate', 'Annual General Meeting', 'CEO Antti Aarnio', 'current operating environment', 'one million euros', 'credit rating agency', 'BBB credit rating', 'Helsinki Metropolitan Area', 'economic occupancy rate', 'apartment rental operators', 'Net Promote Score', 'consumers’ weak confidence', 'moderate rent reviews', 'various transactional situations', 'Net rental income', 'general economic uncertainty', 'challenging market situation', 'rising maintenance costs', 'rental apartment market', 'rental housing providers', 'residents’ service portal', 'The NPS results', '56 renovated rental apartments', 'new long-term financing', 'new construction projects', 'low level', 'high inflation', 'service managers', '6,000 rental apartments', 'Net sales', 'financing costs', 'consumer confidence', 'rent increases', 'difficult situations', 'financing needs', 'housing supply', 'fixed costs', 'real costs', 'Financial Statements', 'unrealised change', 'fair value', 'residential construction', 'good tenants', 'customer satisfaction', 'equity ratio', 'balance sheet', 'gross proceeds', 'second half', 'positive impact', 'labour markets', 'recent years', 'abundant offering', 'higher rents', 'last newbuild', 'same time', 'house experts', 'everyday life', 'customer feedback', 'new properties', 'Housing investments', 'investment properties', '2024 financial year', '2024 reporting year', 'savings measures', 'stable outlook', 'digital services', 'positive development', 'tight competition', 'SATO Corporation', 'share issue', '349 new', '7 February', 'Highlights', 'December', 'January', 'Profit', 'taxes', 'capital', 'Return', 'Earnings', 'Board', 'Directors', 'dividends', 'October', 'predecessor', 'oversupply', 'number', 'expectations', 'efficiency', 'operations', 'organisation', 'majority', 'company', 'late', 'November', 'June', 'economy', 'employment', 'uncertainties', 'geopolitics', 'demand', 'Peijinkuja', 'Espoo', 'accordance', 'decision', 'OmaSATO', 'competence', 'ability', 'customers', 'encounters', 'employees', 'living', 'history', '09:00', '2023', '2025']",2025-02-07,2025-02-08,globenewswire.com
48736,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/02/08/dublins-springboard-sme-stock-market-must-not-become-swamp-for-iffy-firms/,Dublin’s ‘springboard’ SME stock market must not become swamp for iffy firms,But the ad hoc group of officials from Euronext Dublin  stockbroking  accountancy  PR and law firms that huddled together in recent years to beg the government to support the rapidly shrinking Dublin stock market considered it a feat when their cause got two mentions in the almost 160-page tome.,There was a nod to the Dublin equities market in the October budget. Photograph: Alan BetsonThe recent programme for government had more than a touch of the one-for-everyone-in-the-audience about it  pledging everything from reducing pupil-teacher ratios in schools to working to get the Dublin Airport passenger cap lifted.But the ad hoc group of officials from Euronext Dublin  stockbroking  accountancy  PR and law firms that huddled together in recent years to beg the government to support the rapidly shrinking Dublin stock market considered it a feat when their cause got two mentions in the almost 160-page tome.It promises to work closely with the exchange “to ensure future growth  focusing particularly on small-to-medium-sized fast-growing companies” and explore ways to “enhance” the market “as a vital source of equity and growth for indigenous businesses”.There was a nod to the 232-year-old Dublin equities market in the October budget. It offered companies going through initial public offerings (IPOs) up to €1 million of tax relief on expenses and said the Department of Finance will scrap stamp duty – subject to state aid considerations – in 2025 on the trading of shares in Irish SMEs.READ MOREStill  the stock market ecosystem – the so-called Irish Equity Market Forum (IEMF) – has its work cut out convincing Merrion Street of the merits of its other proposals. They include calls for State banking for a €400 million cornerstone fund to invest in Irish IPOs and a tax-efficient savings scheme for individuals to invest as much as €40 000 in listed companies. The latter would have EU-wide scope to meet state-aid rules.To advance the cause  the IEMF plans to establish itself as a formal lobbying body in the coming months.The wider economic importance of the exchange is often overlooked. As of 2022  companies listed on the Irish market contributed €12.4 billion to the domestic economy  directly employed 47 000 and indirectly supported a further 40 000 across the Republic  according to a Grant Thornton report commissioned by IEMF two years agoAre we at the beginning of Donald Trump’s global trade war? Listen | 30:59The industry group faces a challenge driving this home to a Government that is hooked on jobs and windfall taxes from foreign multinationals. However  it might get more of a hearing in the world of Trump 2.0  where tariff and tax policy risks hang over Ireland’s foreign direct investment model.“We need funding solutions that keep growing Irish companies in Ireland ” according to Joe Gill  a director of corporate advisory with Goodbody Stockbrokers. “A vibrant domestic stock market has to be a key part of that.”Euronext Dublin knows it must help itself  too. This is why it is setting up a “springboard” market for small companies to float and finance growth but which do not meet the criteria for admission to the main  or even junior  Euronext Growth markets. It will replicate the Euronext Access markets the wider Euronext Group already runs in Paris  Brussels and Lisbon.The crisis in the Dublin market is concerning. Three IPOs on Dublin in the past six years have been more than offset by a flurry of exits – including Applegreen  CPL Resources and Hibernia Reit being taken over and CRH  Flutter Entertainment and Smurfit WestRock ditching their Irish listings and as they moved their main quotations to New York.The exodus means the Iseq 20 is now a shadow of its former self. It is now forced to count Malin Corporation  which is essentially in winddown  and engineering tools company Mincon  worth a little more than €100 million  among its members.However  the reboot has to start somewhere. Euronext Dublin chief executive Daryl Byrne told The Irish Times this week he expects the access market to launch in the first half of this year  initially with at least two companies  most likely from the tech sector. He said there has been a “good level of inquiries” from interested firms.“By offering a more simplified and flexible listing process  Euronext Access is an important first step in encouraging more indigenous companies to list on the public markets ” said John Mullane  chief investment officer at Cantor Fitzgerald Ireland. “Measures to encourage more investment in these scaling companies however will be crucial to ensure its ultimate success.”The hope is that some companies joining an access market could ultimately move up to Euronext Growth or  in time  the main market – even if the rate of this is low elsewhere. Only 13 companies have uplisted – 12 in Paris and one in Lisbon – since this type of market was launched in 2017. There are currently 173 companies across the three existing access markets.The success or otherwise of the imminent market in Dublin hangs on the quality of the companies that brokers  accountancy and legal firms bring to it.The last two Irish IPOs – medtech firm HealthBeacon and renewable power storage developer Corre Energy in 2021 – have not covered the ecosystem in glory.HealthBeacon succumbed to examinership in 2023. How much longer will Corre Energy remain listed? Its market value has slumped 94 per cent in the past 12 months  to €7 million  as it continues its search for much-needed investment.Promoters of the access market must discourage speculative  early-stage companies in favour of solid but ambitious businesses with proven revenue track records.If they take a short-term view and bring a slew of speculative tech start-ups  resulting in a high failure rate  they will end perma-chatter of an existential crisis at the Irish equities market. By killing it entirely.,neutral,0.01,0.8,0.2,mixed,0.13,0.2,0.68,True,English,"['springboard’ SME stock market', 'Dublin', 'iffy', 'firms', 'renewable power storage developer', 'Dublin Airport passenger cap', 'foreign direct investment model', 'vibrant domestic stock market', 'Euronext Dublin chief executive', 'shrinking Dublin stock market', 'three existing access markets', '232-year-old Dublin equities market', 'junior, Euronext Growth markets', 'Irish Equity Market Forum', 'last two Irish IPOs', 'chief investment officer', '€400 million cornerstone fund', 'tax-efficient savings scheme', 'formal lobbying body', 'wider economic importance', 'Grant Thornton report', 'global trade war', 'engineering tools company', 'flexible listing process', 'The Irish Times', 'ad hoc group', 'Euronext Access markets', 'initial public offerings', 'state aid considerations', 'tax policy risks', 'past six years', 'important first step', 'wider Euronext Group', 'stock market ecosystem', 'medium-sized fast-growing companies', 'Cantor Fitzgerald Ireland', 'growing Irish companies', 'public markets', 'Irish market', 'Three IPOs', 'Dublin market', 'domestic economy', 'foreign multinationals', 'Irish SMEs', 'Irish listings', 'two mentions', 'industry group', 'springboard” market', 'main market', 'imminent market', 'recent years', 'tax relief', 'State banking', 'first half', 'two companies', 'October budget', 'Alan Betson', 'recent programme', 'pupil-teacher ratios', 'law firms', '160-page tome', 'future growth', 'vital source', 'indigenous businesses', 'stamp duty', 'Merrion Street', 'other proposals', 'EU-wide scope', 'state-aid rules', 'coming months', 'windfall taxes', 'funding solutions', 'Joe Gill', 'corporate advisory', 'Goodbody Stockbrokers', 'key part', 'CPL Resources', 'Hibernia Reit', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Smurfit WestRock', 'main quotations', 'New York', 'former self', 'Malin Corporation', 'Daryl Byrne', 'tech sector', 'good level', 'interested firms', 'John Mullane', 'legal firms', 'medtech firm', 'Corre Energy', 'listed companies', 'small companies', 'indigenous companies', 'scaling companies', 'Donald Trump', 'ultimate success', '13 companies', '173 companies', 'nod', 'Photograph', 'government', 'touch', 'everyone', 'audience', 'everything', 'schools', 'officials', 'stockbroking', 'accountancy', 'cause', 'exchange', 'ways', 'expenses', 'Department', 'Finance', 'trading', 'shares', 'READ', 'IEMF', 'work', 'merits', 'calls', 'individuals', 'latter', 'Republic', 'beginning', 'Listen', 'challenge', 'home', 'jobs', 'hearing', 'world', 'tariff', 'director', 'criteria', 'admission', 'Paris', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'crisis', 'flurry', 'exits', 'Applegreen', 'CRH', 'exodus', 'Iseq', 'shadow', 'winddown', 'Mincon', 'members', 'reboot', 'inquiries', 'simplified', 'Measures', 'hope', 'type', 'quality', 'HealthBeacon', 'glory', 'examinership']",2025-02-08,2025-02-08,irishtimes.com
48737,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/europe-unloved-stocks-suddenly-top-040000230.html?fr=sycsrp_catchall,Europe’s Unloved Stocks Are Suddenly on Top of the World,The enthusiasm for European stocks comes at an unlikely time  with zero growth in the eurozone at the end of last year and with President Trump threatening tariffs.,The Euronext stock exchange in Paris. - Nathan Laine/Bloomberg NewsEurope’s economy is stuck in the doldrums and President Trump’s threat to hit the trade-dependent region next with tariffs risks making things worse. Yet European stocks are on a hot streak.The German DAX has climbed more than 9% this year in dollar terms  and France’s CAC 40 is up about 8%. That is well above the 2.45% gain in the S&P 500. European indexes haven’t outpaced U.S. counterparts by such a wide mark at the start of a year since 2015  according to Dow Jones Market Data.Most Read from The Wall Street JournalSome of the world’s best-performing large stocks this year include European banks like Société Générale and Banco Santander  and the luxury houses Burberry and Richemont.The enthusiasm comes at an unlikely time. The eurozone ended 2024 with zero economic growth in the fourth quarter  and Trump said this week that he would hit the European Union “pretty soon” with tariffs  after initially focusing on Canada  Mexico and China.And yet  a confluence of factors is boosting European markets.Investors had expected Trump’s return to the White House would cement U.S. stock outperformance. But that belief has been shaken  after the rise of Chinese artificial-intelligence upstart DeepSeek and lackluster earnings from heavyweights such as Alphabet and Microsoft. In turn  that has pushed investors to reconsider unloved markets like those in Europe and Asia.Meanwhile  the political  economic and profit outlook for Europe is improving  while hopes that Trump will negotiate a cease-fire between Ukraine and Russia have also boosted stocks  particularly in Eastern Europe.“Europe was treated like it was almost uninvestible ” said Luca Paolini  chief strategist at Pictet Asset Management. “The sentiment on European stocks was so bad  any single positive thing would have a significant impact.”One major draw of European indexes is that they look cheap versus U.S. counterparts. The S&P 500 trades at 22 times its projected earnings over the next 12 months  according to LSEG  compared with about 14 for the pan-continental Stoxx Europe 600 and 12 for U.K. stocks.While that partly reflects a different split of companies and growth profiles  the relative expensiveness of U.S. stocks makes it harder for them to keep rising  some investors say. Conversely  the cheapness of European stocks should make it easier for them to gain when the mood brightens.,neutral,0.05,0.66,0.28,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['Unloved Stocks', 'Europe', 'Top', 'World', 'Société Générale', 'Dow Jones Market Data', 'The Euronext stock exchange', 'The Wall Street Journal', 'U.S. stock outperformance', 'The German DAX', 'U.S. counterparts', 'Chinese artificial-intelligence upstart', 'Pictet Asset Management', 'single positive thing', 'One major draw', 'The S&P 500', 'U.K. stocks', 'U.S. stocks', 'performing large stocks', 'zero economic growth', 'pan-continental Stoxx Europe', 'growth profiles', 'European stocks', 'Nathan Laine', 'Bloomberg News', 'trade-dependent region', 'hot streak', 'dollar terms', 'European indexes', 'wide mark', 'European banks', 'Banco Santander', 'luxury houses', 'unlikely time', 'fourth quarter', 'European Union', 'European markets', 'White House', 'unloved markets', 'profit outlook', 'Luca Paolini', 'chief strategist', 'significant impact', 'next 12 months', 'different split', 'relative expensiveness', 'tariffs risks', 'lackluster earnings', 'Eastern Europe', 'President Trump', 'Paris', 'economy', 'doldrums', 'threat', 'things', 'France', 'CAC', '2.45% gain', 'year', 'world', 'Burberry', 'Richemont', 'enthusiasm', 'eurozone', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'China', 'confluence', 'factors', 'Investors', 'return', 'belief', 'rise', 'DeepSeek', 'heavyweights', 'Alphabet', 'Microsoft', 'Asia', 'cease-fire', 'Ukraine', 'Russia', 'sentiment', '22 times', 'LSEG', 'companies', 'cheapness', 'mood']",2025-02-08,2025-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
