UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
6242,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream Announces Voting Results from Shareholders’ Meeting https://t.co/WOx9i3xKzS,nan,ClearStream Announces Voting Results from Shareholders’ Meeting https://t.co/WOx9i3xKzS,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Voting Results', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'ClearStream', 'WOx9i3xKzS', 'Voting Results', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'ClearStream', 'WOx9i3xKzS']",2022-06-10,2022-06-14,Unknown
6243,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Check out this great #sale at @BestBuy! $20 off the ClearStream 2MAX and $30 off the ClearStream 4MAX until 6/12.… https://t.co/EiUdtAHgLx,nan,Check out this great #sale at @BestBuy! $20 off the ClearStream 2MAX and $30 off the ClearStream 4MAX until 6/12.… https://t.co/EiUdtAHgLx,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['great #sale', 'ClearStream 2MAX', '6/12', 'EiUdtAHgLx', 'great #sale', 'ClearStream 2MAX', '6/12', 'EiUdtAHgLx']",2022-06-10,2022-06-14,Unknown
6252,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We are excited about the future cooperation with Deutsche Börse. 🤩 Learn more about the partnership on our website… https://t.co/q3SJomctJC,nan,We are excited about the future cooperation with Deutsche Börse. 🤩 Learn more about the partnership on our website… https://t.co/q3SJomctJC,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'future cooperation', 'partnership', 'website', 'q3SJomctJC', 'Deutsche Börse', 'future cooperation', 'partnership', 'website', 'q3SJomctJC']",2022-06-10,2022-06-14,Unknown
6253,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,It’s the final weekend to see the brilliant Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition @TPGallery - my… https://t.co/xVDDjRnhdY,nan,It’s the final weekend to see the brilliant Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition @TPGallery - my… https://t.co/xVDDjRnhdY,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['brilliant Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'final weekend', 'xVDDjRnhdY', 'brilliant Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'final weekend', 'xVDDjRnhdY']",2022-06-10,2022-06-14,Unknown
6321,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream: Clearstream halts Russian share conversions after new EU sanctions - Devdiscoursehttps://t.co/PBMOzl6oVs,nan,Clearstream: Clearstream halts Russian share conversions after new EU sanctions - Devdiscoursehttps://t.co/PBMOzl6oVs,neutral,0.04,0.78,0.17,neutral,0.04,0.78,0.17,True,English,"['Russian share conversions', 'new EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Devdiscourse', 'PBMOzl6oVs', 'Russian share conversions', 'new EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Devdiscourse', 'PBMOzl6oVs']",2022-06-11,2022-06-14,Unknown
6322,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,"@AraucoDirk @rockeyelephant @ezzzzgggg @caret311 Not possible anymore  ""Clearstream Suspends DR Conversion of Russi… https://t.co/ESpTslXgEA",nan,"@AraucoDirk @rockeyelephant @ezzzzgggg @caret311 Not possible anymore  ""Clearstream Suspends DR Conversion of Russi… https://t.co/ESpTslXgEA",negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['AraucoDirk', 'rockeyelephant', 'ezzzzgggg', 'caret311', 'Clearstream', 'DR', 'Conversion', 'Russi', 'ESpTslXgEA', 'AraucoDirk', 'rockeyelephant', 'ezzzzgggg', 'caret311', 'Clearstream', 'DR', 'Conversion', 'Russi', 'ESpTslXgEA']",2022-06-11,2022-06-14,Unknown
6324,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Establishes Centrally-Steered Unit Dedicated to Blockchain  Crypto Assets . Germany’s joint stock c… https://t.co/uy88P95Igm,nan,Deutsche Boerse Establishes Centrally-Steered Unit Dedicated to Blockchain  Crypto Assets . Germany’s joint stock c… https://t.co/uy88P95Igm,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Steered Unit', 'Crypto Assets', 'joint stock', 'Blockchain', 'Germany', 'uy88P95Igm', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Steered Unit', 'Crypto Assets', 'joint stock', 'Blockchain', 'Germany', 'uy88P95Igm']",2022-06-11,2022-06-14,Unknown
6325,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/49fsBex7i6,nan,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/49fsBex7i6,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.08,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', '49fsBex7i6', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', '49fsBex7i6']",2022-06-11,2022-06-14,Unknown
6326,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/RmYiKd65om,nan,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/RmYiKd65om,neutral,0.03,0.88,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.88,0.08,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', 'RmYiKd65om', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', 'RmYiKd65om']",2022-06-11,2022-06-14,Unknown
6327,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German Central Bank and Deutsche Boerse Successfully Complete Blockchain Settlement Trial . The Central Bank of Ger… https://t.co/Jg1fWWe2Vj,nan,German Central Bank and Deutsche Boerse Successfully Complete Blockchain Settlement Trial . The Central Bank of Ger… https://t.co/Jg1fWWe2Vj,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['German Central Bank', 'Blockchain Settlement Trial', 'The Central Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Jg1fWWe2Vj', 'German Central Bank', 'Blockchain Settlement Trial', 'The Central Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Jg1fWWe2Vj']",2022-06-11,2022-06-14,Unknown
6328,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/RVJwqkZoQW,nan,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/RVJwqkZoQW,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'Binding Repo Transaction', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'RVJwqkZoQW', 'Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'Binding Repo Transaction', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'RVJwqkZoQW']",2022-06-11,2022-06-14,Unknown
6329,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/keKkqaEV78,nan,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/keKkqaEV78,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'Binding Repo Transaction', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'keKkqaEV78', 'Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'Binding Repo Transaction', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'keKkqaEV78']",2022-06-11,2022-06-14,Unknown
6348,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-extraordinary-general-meeting-142000289.html,Notice to Attend the Extraordinary General Meeting in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (Publ),GÖTEBORG  SE / ACCESSWIRE / June 13  2022 / Smart Eye (STO:SEYE) (OTC PINK:SMTEF) (FRA:SE9)The shareholders in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  reg. 556575-8371 ...,"GÖTEBORG  SE / ACCESSWIRE / June 13  2022 / Smart Eye (STO:SEYE) (OTC PINK:SMTEF) (FRA:SE9)The shareholders in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  reg. no. 556575-8371 (the ""Company"" or ""Smart Eye"")  with its registered office in Gothenburg  are hereby invited to the extraordinary general meeting on Wednesday 29 June 2022.NOTIFICATION  ADVANCE VOTING  ETC.Information regarding advance votingSmart Eye's extraordinary general meeting will be carried out through mandatory advance voting  so-called postal voting in accordance with the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. No extraordinary general meeting with the possibility to attend in person or to be represented by a proxy will take place. Smart Eye welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting through advance voting as described below. Information on the resolutions passed at the extraordinary general meeting will be published on the same day as soon as the result of the advance voting has been finally confirmed.Notification for advance voting etc.Shareholders who wish to participate through advance voting at the extraordinary general meeting shall:firstly  be entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Monday 20 June 2022 (for nominee-registered shares  also see "" Nominee-registered shares "" below) secondly  submit their advance vote in accordance with the instructions under ""Advance voting"" below no later than on Tuesday 28 June 2022.Information delivered upon notice to attend will be processed and used only for the extraordinary general meeting. See below for further information on processing of personal data.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the extraordinary general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to submitting their advance vote  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on Monday 20 June 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting rights registration completed by the nominee no later than Wednesday 22 June 2022 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Story continuesAdvance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting only by voting in advance in accordance with Section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on www.smarteye.se. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the extraordinary general meeting. The completed voting form must be submitted to Smart Eye no later than Tuesday 28 June 2022.The completed and signed form shall be sent to Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  Att. Anders Lyrheden  Första Långgatan 28 B  SE-413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted by e-mail and is to be sent to extrastamma@smarteye.se. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Proxy forms for shareholders who wish to vote by mail through proxies will be available on the Company's website.Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.PROPOSED AGENDAElection of Chairman at the meeting. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Resolution to adopt a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options for employees within the Smart Eye group and resolution on a directed issue of warrants.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROPOSALS UNDER ITEMS 1  2  3 AND 6Item 1 - Election of Chairman of the meetingThe Board of Directors proposes that Anders Jöfelt is appointed Chairman at the extraordinary general meeting.Item 2 - Election of one or two persons to approve the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Anders Strid  attorney at Advokatfirman Vinge  be elected to approve the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting together with the Chairman.Item 3- Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Smart Eye  based on the shareholders' register for the general meeting and the advance votes received  and as verified by the person elected to approve the minutes.Item 6 - Resolution to adopt a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options for employees within the Smart Eye group and resolution on a directed issue of warrantsThe Board of Directors' of Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ) (the ""Company"" or ""Smart Eye"") proposal that the extraordinary general meeting resolve on (6A.) the adoption of a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options directed at employees within the Smart Eye group (the ""Share Option Programme 2022"")  and (6B.) directed issue of warrants (Series 2022/2025) to the wholly-owned subsidiary JN Data i Göteborg AB. The resolutions under 6A-6B below are conditional on each other and all decisions are therefore proposed to be adopted in one context.6A. Introduction of the Share Option Programme 2022Background and rationaleThe Company's Board believes that incentive programmes contribute to higher motivation and commitment among the employees and strengthen the bonds between the employees and the Company. The Smart Eye group has a global presence and an increased exposure to international labour markets  especially the US  which makes it essential for the Company to be able to offer remuneration to current and future employees in line with the market. For the purpose of enabling the Company to attract necessary competence and to engage the current employees in the Company's present and future development the Board further considers competitive compensations to be necessary. In view of these considerations  it is the Board's opinion that the Share Option Programme 2022  combined with other remuneration  will benefit both the employees and the Company's shareholders through long-term increased share value.Summary of the programmeThe Share Option Programme 2022 is proposed to comprise of the CEO  senior executives  key individuals and other employees  meaning that not more than approximately 188 employees within the Smart Eye group will be able to participate. Under the Share Option Programme 2022  participants are given the opportunity to receive shares free of charge  so called ""Performance Shares""  in accordance with the terms and conditions described below.Within the scope of the Share Option Programme 2022 the Company can grant participants rights to Performance Shares  entailing the right to  provided that certain criteria are fulfilled  receive Performance Shares free of charge (""Rights"").Terms and conditionsThe maximum number of Performance Shares will amount to 440 000  whereby 378 500 shares shall be allotted to participants and 61 500 shares shall be used by the Company to cover social security contributions associated with the programme. Vesting of Rights occurs during the period from 15 July 2022 up to and including 15 July 2025 (""Vesting Period""). Vesting of Rights will be made proportionately with one third (1/3) per year and requires that the participants' employment remains as of 15 July 2023  15 July 2024 and 15 July 2025  respectively. To be granted the maximum amount of Rights  the participant must have been employed throughout the whole Vesting Period. The Rights may not be transferred or pledged. Every Right entitles the participant to receive one Preference Share free of charge at the end of the Vesting Period (with some exceptions whereas the Vesting Period can be brought forward). If the participants' employment is terminated before a Vesting Period the participant shall retain already vested Rights  however  the Rights shall not entitle to Performance Shares prior to the end of the Vesting Period. Allotment of Performance Shares free of charge is  except for the above stated  conditional on the achievement of the performance target established by the Board of Directors. The performance target entails that the price of the Smart Eye share at the time of allotment of Performance Shares shall amount to at least 130 per cent of the average volume‑weighted price for the Smart Eye share on Nasdaq First North Growth Market during five (5) subsequent banking days in relation to the date of the resolution of the extraordinary general meeting (""Performance Criteria""). In the event that the Performance Criteria is not achieved or exceeded  no allotment of Performance Shares will occur. The Board of Directors  or a special committee set up by the Board  shall be responsible for preparing the detailed design and administration of the terms and conditions of the Share Option Programme 2022  in accordance with the presented terms and guidelines including provisions on recalculation in the event of an in‑between bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or similar measures. In connection therewith  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet specific foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors shall also be entitled to make other adjustments if significant changes occur in the Smart Eye group or in its environment that would result in that the adopted terms for the Share Option Programme 2022 no longer fulfils their objectives. The Company shall  within three (3) months from the end of the Vesting Period  ensure that Performance Shares corresponding to the number of vested Rights are delivered to participants. The Board of Directors shall  in connection therewith  be entitled to postpone the date of delivery of Performance Shares if the participant is not allowed to acquire shares during the period.Allocation of RightsThe Share Option Programme 2022 shall comprise of not more than approximately 188 employees within the Smart Eye group. The maximum number of Rights that can be allotted free of charge per participant and category follows from the table below.Category Maximum number of Rights per person Maximum number of Rights per category CEO - category 1 15 000 15 000 Senior executives- category 2 10 000 105 000 Key individuals - category 3 5 000 200 000 Others - category 4 750 58 500Remaining Rights in a category can be used in an alternative category.Costs for the programmeThe Share Option Programme 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with K3 which means that the Rights shall be expensed as a non-cash personnel cost during the Vesting Period. The costs for the Share Option Programme 2022 are presumed to amount to approximately MSEK 14.4  excluding social security contributions  calculated in accordance with K3 on the basis of the following assumptions: (i) that 378 500 Rights are delivered to participants  (ii) that the shares average volume-weighted closing price at the beginning of the Share Option Programme 2022 amounts to SEK 70 per share  (iii) that the Performance Criteria is fully achieved  and (iv) an estimated annual employee turnover of 5 percent. Based on the same assumptions as above  and subject to social security contributions of approximately 30 per cent and a share price increase of 50 per cent from the beginning of the Share Option Programme 2022 until participants are allotted Performance Shares  the costs for social security contributions are estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 6.6. In accordance with K3 the total costs for the Share Option Programme 2022  excluding social security contributions which will be covered through hedging measures in the form of warrants  are estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 4.8 per year during the Vesting Period  based on the same assumption as above mentioned. Since the costs of social security contributions will be secured through hedging measures in the form of issuance of warrants it is assessed that the Share Option Programme 2022 will have no impact on the Company's cash flow.Effects on key ratios and dilutionUpon maximum allotment of Performance Shares and provided that hedging measures under item 6(b) below are adopted  meaning that not more than 378 500 shares will be delivered to participants in accordance with the Share Option Programme 2022  and that 61 500 shares will be used to cover any social security contributions resulting from the Share Option Programme 2022  the additional dilution effect will amount to approximately 2 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company per the day of the convening notice. If all outstanding incentive programmes are included in the calculation the total dilution effect amounts to approximately 4 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company per the day of the convening notice.Given the above assumptions regarding scope and costs  and under the assumption that the Share Option Programme 2022 had been introduced during 2021 instead  it is estimated that the key ratio operating profit for the full year 2021 would decrease from SEK -130.9 to approximately SEK ‑135.7.Preparation of the proposalThe Share Option Programme 2022 has been prepared by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisers.Additional ongoing share-based incentive programmesInformation regarding the Company's current incentive programmes is available in the Company's Q1 report 2022 under the heading ""Share-based incentive programmes"" and the main terms and conditions of the programmes are available on the Company's website  www.smarteye.se. Apart from the programmes now mentioned  there are no other share-based incentive programmes in Smart Eye.6B. Directed issue and transfer of warrants  Series 2022/2025 in accordance with the Share Option Programme 2022Delivery of Performance Shares and hedging measuresTo be able to implement the Share Option Programme 2022 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors proposes on a directed issue of warrants in accordance with the below and the terms and conditions for the Share Option Programme 2022.Directed issue of warrantsThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to issue not more than 440 000 warrants  as a result of which the Company's share capital may increase by a maximum of SEK 44 000. The following conditions shall apply.Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company. The right to subscribe for warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption right  vest with the wholly-owned subsidiary JN Data i Göteborg AB with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants in accordance with the Company's obligations under the Share Option Programme 2022. The warrants shall be issued free of charge. The subscription for warrants shall be made no later than 15 July 2022 on a special subscription list. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for subscription. The subscription of shares through warrants shall be made during a period from 15 July 2025 to and including 15 October 2025. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for subscription. The subscription price for each share at the time of exercise of the warrants shall correspond to the quota value of the share at the time of subscription of the shares. New shares pursuant to subscription entitle to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after subscription has been effectuated. The warrants shall in all other respects be governed by the terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A.The exercise price upon exercise of warrants and the number of shares to which each warrant provides an entitlement to subscribe may be adjusted in accordance with section 8 of the terms and conditions for warrants  see Appendix A.It is further proposed that the Board of Directors  or whomever they appoint  should be authorised to undertake such minor adjustments in the decision that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such minor adjustments to the Share Option Programme 2022 as prompted by applicable foreign laws and regulations.Oversubscription cannot take place.The rationale for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights is to implement the Share Option Programme 2022 for employees within the Smart Eye group.The Board of Directors have prepared documents in accordance with Chapter 14  section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).Special authorisationsThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting instruct the Board of Directors to implement the decisions above and to ensure that the Share Option Programme 2022 is introduced in accordance with the above mentioned.The Board further proposes that the extraordinary general meeting instruct the Board  or whomever the Board appoints  to make such minor adjustments in the abovementioned proposed resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.MISCELLANEOUSSpecial majority requirementThe Board of Directors' proposal for resolutions in accordance with 6A - 6B above constitute a package  as the various proposals are dependent on and strongly linked to each other. Therefore  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting make a single resolution in connection with the abovementioned proposals  in compliance with the majority requirement specified in Chapter 16  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act  meaning that the resolution shall be supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Number of shares and votesThe number of shares and votes in Smart Eye amounts to 22 148 650 per the day for the issuance of this notice. The Company does not hold any treasury shares.DocumentsThe Board's complete proposal for resolution under item 6 and documents referred to in the Swedish Companies Act are available on the Company's website  www.smarteye.se  at the Company's premises with address Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  Första Långgatan 28 B  SE-413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden and will be sent to those shareholders who so request and state their postal address or e-mail address.Information before the extraordinary general meetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by a shareholder  and if the Board of Directors' believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  Första Långgatan 28 B  SE-413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden  or via e-mail to extrastamma@smarteye.se  no later than on Monday 20 June 2022. The information will be made available at the Company's premises and on www.smarteye.se on Thursday 23 June 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent  within the same period of time  to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.Processing of personal dataFor information about how your personal data is processed  it is referred to the privacy notice available at Euroclear's webpage: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________________________Gothenburg in June 2022Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information:Martin Krantz  CEO Smart Eye ABPhone: +46 70-329 26 98Email: martin.krantz@smarteye.seAnders Lyrheden  CFO Smart Eye ABPhone: +46 70-320 96 95Email: anders.lyrheden@smarteye.seAbout Smart EyeSmart Eye is the global leader in Human Insight AI  technology that understands  supports and predicts human behavior in complex environments. Bridging the gap between humans and machines for a safe and sustainable future.Today  our technology is embedded in next-generation vehicles  leading the way towards human-centric mobility through Driver Monitoring Systems and Interior Sensing solutions. Our Research Instruments offer unparalleled insights into Automotive  Aviation & Aerospace  Assistive Technology  Media & Marketing  Psychology and many more fields. Our subsidiary Affectiva is pioneering Emotion AI  connecting machine logic with human empathy to gain a deeper understanding of how consumers engage with their content  products and services  in automotive  media & entertainment  market research and beyond. Our subsidiary iMotions provides the world's leading biosensor software platform  that synchronizes data streams in real time from multiple sensors.Smart Eye was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Sweden with offices in the US  UK  Germany  Denmark  Egypt  Singapore  China and Japan. A publicly traded company since 2016  our customers include NASA  Nissan  Boeing  Honeywell  Volvo  GM  BMW  Geely  Harvard University  over 1 300 research organizations around the world  70% of the world's largest advertisers and 28% of the Fortune Global 500 companies.Visit www.smarteye.ai for more information.Visit our investor web for more financial information: http://www.corp.smarteye.se/en/Smart Eye is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market. Erik Penser is Certified Adviser and can be reached at +46-8-463 8000 or certifiedadviser@penser.se.AttachmentsNotice to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (Publ)SOURCE: Smart EyeView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/704866/Notice-to-Attend-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Smart-Eye-Aktiebolag-Publ",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.28,0.2,0.52,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Smart Eye Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Publ', 'Första Långgatan', 'long-term incentive programme', 'Att. Anders Lyrheden', 'Anders Jöfelt', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'performance-based share options', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'Smart Eye Aktiebolag', 'Smart Eye group', 'Voting rights registration', 'mandatory advance voting', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'Such registration', 'Anders Strid', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'share register', 'GÖTEBORG', 'OTC PINK', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'same day', 'personal data', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'two persons', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'advance votes', 'Monday 20 June', 'Tuesday 28 June', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'nominee-registered shares', 'special form', 'completed form', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'Proxy forms', ""DIRECTORS' PROPOSALS"", 'Wednesday 22 June', ""shareholders' register"", 'The Board', '29 June', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'SEYE', 'SMTEF', 'FRA', 'publ', 'Company', 'office', 'Gothenburg', 'NOTIFICATION', 'ETC', 'Information', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'possibility', 'place', 'resolutions', 'result', 'notice', 'processing', 'name', 'addition', 'circumstances', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'Story', 'Section', 'smarteye', 'attendance', 'mail', 'extrastamma', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'power', 'attorney', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'proxies', 'website', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'one', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'employees', 'issue', 'warrants', 'ITEMS']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6369,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/06/13/deutsche-borse-ag-otcmktsdboey-sees-significant-decline-in-short-interest.html,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest,1 day ago,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) was the target of a large decline in short interest in the month of May. As of May 31st  there was short interest totalling 10 200 shares  a decline of 41.7% from the May 15th total of 17 500 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 346 300 shares  the short-interest ratio is presently 0.0 days.DBOEY opened at $15.92 on Monday. The firm has a fifty day moving average price of $17.30 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.05. Deutsche Börse has a 1 year low of $14.77 and a 1 year high of $18.44. The stock has a market cap of $30.25 billion  a P/E ratio of 19.41  a P/E/G ratio of 1.67 and a beta of 0.77.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:The company also recently announced a dividend  which was paid on Tuesday  June 7th. Investors of record on Friday  May 20th were paid a $0.2282 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.35%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday  May 19th. Deutsche Börse’s dividend payout ratio is currently 26.83%.Several analysts have commented on DBOEY shares. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €185.00 ($198.92) to €193.00 ($207.53) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday  April 29th. Morgan Stanley lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse to €191.00 ($205.38) in a research note on Wednesday  April 20th. UBS Group lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €175.00 ($188.17) to €180.00 ($193.55) in a research note on Tuesday  February 22nd. Exane BNP Paribas upgraded shares of Deutsche Börse from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a €180.00 ($193.55) price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday  March 15th. Finally  Credit Suisse Group lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €164.00 ($176.34) to €172.00 ($184.95) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday  May 5th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat.com  Deutsche Börse has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $176.57.About Deutsche Börse (Get Rating)Deutsche Börse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.03,0.7,0.27,negative,0.01,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Significant Decline', 'Short Interest', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'fifty day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'average trading volume', 'concise daily summary', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Exane BNP Paribas', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'average target price', 'May 15th total', 'Four research analysts', 'dividend payout ratio', 'email address', 'price objective', 'UBS Group', 'short-interest ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'research note', 'Get Rating', 'short interest', 'market cap', 'ex-dividend date', 'Several analysts', 'Morgan Stanley', 'neutral” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'May 31st', 'May 20th', 'dividend yield', 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', 'buy” rating', 'buy rating', 'large decline', '1 year low', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'DBOEY shares', '$0.2282 dividend', '10,200 shares', '17,500 shares', '346,300 shares', 'month', 'Monday', 'firm', 'stock', 'beta', 'company', 'Tuesday', 'June', 'Investors', 'record', 'Friday', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'February', 'March', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '0.0', '€']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,defenseworld.net
6370,Clearstream,Google API,https://hightimbertimes.com/news/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-rising-share-and-driving-factor-for-overall-development-2022-2032-medtronic-inc-angiomed-gmbh-co-medizintechnik-kg/7735/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Rising Share and Driving Factor for Overall Development [2022-2032],1 day ago,The latest Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market research report 2022 provides detailed information about the market overview  prevalent trends  demand  and recent developments impacting the market growth during the upcoming years. The Peripheral Vascular Devices market report also covers the market size  share  potential growth  and market strategy followed by prominent players. This report also includes profiles for major companies within the market. The report focuses on the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market size  segment share (product type  application  and geography)  competitive intelligence  recent trends and much more. Moreover  Peripheral Vascular Devices Market is analyzed by region  type  and application  with sales and revenue  from 2022 to 2032. The report covers growth prospects over the coming years.Free Sample Report with Report Structure @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791Competitive ScenarioThe competitive scenario provides an outlook analysis of the various business growth strategies adopted by the industry participants. The competition intelligence represents relevant news of the companies categorized into Merger & Acquisition  Agreement  Collaboration  & Partnership  New Product Launch & Enhancement  Investment & Funding  and Award  Recognition  & Expansion. All the news collected help vendor to understand the gaps in the industry place and competitor’s strength and weakness thereby  providing insights to enhance product and service.Company Usability ProfilesThe report profoundly explores the recent significant developments by the leading vendors and innovation profiles in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry  including Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market: Drivers and RestrainsThe research report has incorporated analysis of different factors that augment the market’s growth. It focuses on trends  restraints  and drivers that transform the market in either a positive or negative manner. The detailed information is based on current trends and historic milestones.A thorough assessment of the influencing factors included in the report portrays the real time situation in market. Factors that surpass the market growth are pivotal as they can be understood to devise different moves for getting hold of the lucrative opportunities that are present in the ever-growing market.we offer customized reports as per your research objective at discounted price. Please let us know If you have any custom needs. For More Information or Query or Customization Before Buying  Visit @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-customization/791The report is designed to be an effective tool that market players and new entrants can refer to gain a competitive edge over and ensure lasting success in the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market. All of the findings  data  and information provided in the report are validated and revalidated with the help of dependable sources. The analysts have followed a robust methodology for an in-depth study of the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market: Segment AnalysisSegmental Analysis:Geographic Segment Covered in the Report:North AmericaEuropeAsia PacificMiddle East & AfricaSouth AmericaThe study objectives of this report are:» To study and analyze the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market size (value and volume) by company  key regions/countries  history data and forecast.» To understand the structure of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market by identifying its various sub-segments.» To share detailed information about the key factors influencing the growth of the market (growth potential  opportunities  drivers  industry-specific challenges and risks).» Focuses on the key global Peripheral Vascular Devices manufacturers  to define  describe and analyze the market share  market competition landscape in present times.» To analyze the Peripheral Vascular Devices with respect to individual growth trends  future prospects  and their contribution to the total market.» To project the value and volume of Peripheral Vascular Devices submarkets  with respect to key regions (along with their respective key countries).» To analyze competitive developments such as expansions  agreements  new product launches  and acquisitions in the market.» To strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.The report answers questions such as:1. What is the industry size and forecast of the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?2. What are the inhibiting factors and impact of COVID-19 shaping the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry during the forecast period?3. Which are the products/segments/applications/areas to invest in over the forecast period in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?4. How is the competition intensity in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?5. What are the technology trends and regulatory frameworks in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?6. What is the industry share of the leading vendors in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?7. What modes and strategic moves are considered suitable for entering the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin|Twitter,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.63,0.24,0.13,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Rising Share', 'Driving Factor', 'Overall Development', 'latest Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market research report', 'key global Peripheral Vascular Devices manufacturers', 'global Peripheral Vascular Devices market size', 'The Peripheral Vascular Devices market report', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices submarkets', 'William Cook Europe ApS', 'various business growth strategies', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd', 'real time situation', 'respective key countries', 'market competition landscape', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'New Product Launch', 'recent significant developments', 'industry size', 'individual growth trends', 'Free Sample Report', 'Company Usability Profiles', 'research objective', 'industry participants', 'industry place', 'Jotec GmbH', 'market growth', 'market overview', 'market strategy', 'growing market', 'market players', 'total market', 'various sub-segments', 'key regions/countries', 'key players', 'market share', 'recent developments', 'new entrants', 'key factors', 'competition intelligence', 'recent trends', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'competitive developments', 'potential growth', 'growth prospects', 'growth potential', 'prevalent trends', 'upcoming years', 'prominent players', 'competitive intelligence', 'Competitive Scenario', 'leading vendors', 'innovation profiles', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'negative manner', 'current trends', 'historic milestones', 'thorough assessment', 'different moves', 'customized reports', 'custom needs', 'effective tool', 'competitive edge', 'lasting success', 'dependable sources', 'robust methodology', 'depth study', 'Geographic Segment', 'North America', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'South America', 'study objectives', 'industry-specific challenges', 'present times', 'future prospects', 'detailed information', 'different factors', 'influencing factors', 'More Information', 'inhibiting factors', 'product type', 'outlook analysis', 'Segment Analysis', 'Segmental Analysis', 'segment share', 'Report Structure', 'major companies', 'relevant news', 'lucrative opportunities', 'history data', 'forecast period', 'demand', 'application', 'geography', 'sales', 'revenue', 'insightslice', 'request', 'Merger', 'Acquisition', 'Agreement', 'Collaboration', 'Partnership', 'Enhancement', 'Investment', 'Funding', 'Award', 'Recognition', 'Expansion', 'gaps', 'competitor', 'strength', 'weakness', 'service', 'Bosto', 'others', 'Drivers', 'Restrains', 'restraints', 'positive', 'hold', 'discounted', 'price', 'Query', 'Customization', 'Buying', 'findings', 'help', 'analysts', 'Africa', 'value', 'volume', 'risks', 'contribution', 'questions', 'impact', 'COVID', 'products/segments']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,hightimbertimes.com
6371,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,📊 #MonthlyResults Discover #Clearstream's May results here.  https://t.co/EoJcxPr3r4 https://t.co/sFAcWSiveC,nan,📊 #MonthlyResults Discover #Clearstream's May results here.  https://t.co/EoJcxPr3r4 https://t.co/sFAcWSiveC,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['May results', 'sFAcWSiveC', 'May results', 'sFAcWSiveC']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,Unknown
6372,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Alternatives To Clearstream - https://t.co/ISZDWsMLsB https://t.co/GlWCYuPbs4,nan,Alternatives To Clearstream - https://t.co/ISZDWsMLsB https://t.co/GlWCYuPbs4,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Alternatives', 'Clearstream', 'ISZDWsMLsB', 'GlWCYuPbs4', 'Alternatives', 'Clearstream', 'ISZDWsMLsB', 'GlWCYuPbs4']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,Unknown
6373,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://mondovisione.com/media-and-resources/news/deutsche-brse-group-business-indicators-for-may-2022/,Deutsche Börse Group: Business Indicators For May 2022,1 day ago,Please find attached a summary of Deutsche Börse Group's business indicators for May 2022.The attached Excel file 'Major business figures' contains historic business indicators for the respective reporting segments.Deutsche Börse Group Monthly Figures in Graphics May 2022The statistics can also be found on the Deutsche Boerse website:Trading Statistics,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Business Indicators', 'May', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Deutsche Boerse website', 'attached Excel file', 'respective reporting segments', 'Major business figures', 'historic business indicators', 'Monthly Figures', 'Trading Statistics', 'summary', 'May', 'Graphics']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,mondovisione.com
6375,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse  HQLAx Report ‘Significant Progress’ on Blockchain Securities Lending Platform . Deutsche Börse  HQL… https://t.co/ToyDdn9CG0,nan,Deutsche Börse  HQLAx Report ‘Significant Progress’ on Blockchain Securities Lending Platform . Deutsche Börse  HQL… https://t.co/ToyDdn9CG0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Blockchain Securities Lending Platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'HQLAx Report', 'Significant Progress', 'ToyDdn9CG0', 'Blockchain Securities Lending Platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'HQLAx Report', 'Significant Progress', 'ToyDdn9CG0']",2022-06-11,2022-06-14,Unknown
6376,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-announces-two-presentations-macula-170000443.html,Oxurion Announces Two Presentations at The Macula Society 45th Annual Meeting,Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – JUNE 13  2022 – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of...,Oxurion NVLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – JUNE 13  2022 – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that two presentations were delivered at The Macula Society 45th Annual Meeting  June 8 -11  2022 in Berlin  Germany.The Macula Society presentations are available under Conferences and Events within the Investors section of the Company’s website.TITLE: KALAHARI: Part A Results of the Phase 2 Study of THR-149  a Plasma Kallikrein Inhibitor  in Subjects with DME Responding Sub optimally to anti-VEGF TreatmentPRESENTER: Shree K. Kurup  MD  Dept. of Ophthalmology  University Hospitals  Cleveland  OHSUMMARY:Multiple IVT injections (up to 3) of THR-149 (0.01  0.04  0.13 mg) are safe and well-toleratedIn the high dose group: A mean BCVA gain of 6.1 letters was seen at Month 3  with gains observed up to Month 6 as well as CST stabilization over the 6-month study period compared to Baseline No need for rescue treatment Post-hoc analysis  excluding 2 subjects with abnormalities on OCT  showed a mean gain in BCVA of 9.3 letters at Month 3  which was maintained up to Month 6THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of diabetic macular edema (DME) patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is evaluating THR-149 for the treatment of DME in Part B  the second part of its two-part Phase 2 KALAHARI trial.TITLE: THR-687  a Potent and Highly Selective RGD Integrin Inhibitor in Development for the Treatment of Diabetic Macular EdemaPRESENTER: Francesco Bandello  Professor and Chairman of the Department of Ophthalmology  VitaSalute  Milan  ItalySUMMARY:Study population was representative of treatment naïve DME patients based on the CRC feedback on OCT at BLMean BL BCVA and CST values were aligned with naïve DME studies for other compoundsThere was insufficient evidence of efficacy on the key endpoints (BCVA and CST)THR-687 is safe and well toleratedNo rescue medication was administered to any of the subjectsThe ocular AEs are consistent with the progressive nature of DME  no toxic drug effects occurredStory continuesTHR-687 is a highly selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist that Oxurion had been developing as a first line therapy for DME patients. Recently released data from Part A  the first part of its two-part Phase 2 INTEGRAL trial showed THR-687 to be safe and well tolerated with no serious adverse events and none of the patients requiring rescue medication through Month 3  however  there was insufficient evidence of efficacy on the key endpoints (Best-Corrected Visual Acuity and Central Subfield Thickness). As a result  Oxurion has decided not to advance THR-687 to Part B of the INTEGRAL trial.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.For more information  please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comWestwicke  an ICR CompanyChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.24,0.17,0.59,True,English,"['The Macula Society', '45th Annual Meeting', 'Two Presentations', 'Oxurion', 'The Macula Society 45th Annual Meeting', 'Highly Selective RGD Integrin Inhibitor', 'The Macula Society presentations', 'selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist', 'treatment naïve DME patients', 'naïve DME studies', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'two-part Phase 2 INTEGRAL trial', 'two-part Phase 2 KALAHARI trial', 'next generation standard', 'clinical stage assets', 'Shree K. Kurup', 'Multiple IVT injections', 'high dose group', 'potential new standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'toxic drug effects', 'Best-Corrected Visual Acuity', 'Central Subfield Thickness', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Beth Kurth bkurth', '6-month study period', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'serious adverse events', 'Michaël Dillen', 'first line therapy', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Part A Results', 'mean BCVA gain', 'Mean BL BCVA', 'Phase 2 Study', 'Oxurion NV Leuven', 'mean gain', 'two presentations', 'first part', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'Study population', 'DME) patients', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Investors section', 'University Hospitals', 'Post-hoc analysis', 'suboptimal response', 'Part B', 'second part', 'Francesco Bandello', 'CRC feedback', 'other compounds', 'insufficient evidence', 'key endpoints', 'ocular AEs', 'progressive nature', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'novel therapeutic', 'corporate operations', 'Conway Communications', 'anti-VEGF Treatment', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'ICR Company', 'CST stabilization', 'CST values', 'rescue treatment', 'vision loss', 'successful development', 'More information', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'rescue medication', 'Tom Graney', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'JUNE', 'Berlin', 'Germany', 'Conferences', 'website', 'TITLE', 'THR-149', 'Subjects', 'PRESENTER', 'MD', 'Dept.', 'Ophthalmology', 'Cleveland', 'OH', 'SUMMARY', '13 mg', '6.1 letters', 'gains', 'Baseline', 'need', 'abnormalities', 'OCT', '9.3 letters', 'Professor', 'Chairman', 'Department', 'VitaSalute', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'efficacy', 'Story', 'data', 'none', 'Tel', 'michael', 'Westwicke', 'Attachment', '87', '32']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6377,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220613005579/en/ONWARD-Announces-New-Board-Appointment,ONWARD Announces New Board Appointment,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today anno…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces the appointment of Kristina Dziekan to its Board of Directors.“Kristina strengthens our Board  bringing judgment and expertise needed for our next phase of growth ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “She has extensive experience in market access and reimbursement across global markets  and specific industry experience in neuromodulation. All of this will be important as we prepare to commercialize our breakthrough therapies in the US and Europe starting next year.”Ms. Dziekan is currently Head of Market Access  Government Affairs  and Tendering for Alcon’s Surgical Division in Europe. She previously served as Senior Global Reimbursement and Health Economics Director for Medtronic Neuromodulation and was also Health Outcomes Manager for GlaxoSmithKline in the UK and parts of Asia.She earned an MSc in Health Policy  Planning  and Financing from the London School of Economics  an MA in International Economics and European Studies from Johns Hopkins University  a BA in Philosophy  Politics  and Economics from Oxford University  and a Vordiplom in Business Administration and Economics from Georg August University.Ms. Dziekan was appointed to a four-year term during ONWARD’s Annual General Meeting  held 10 June 2022 in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.About ONWARDONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARCIM) or external (ARCEX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life. ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the FDA encompassing both ARCIM and ARCEX. The Company’s first FDA pivotal trial  called Up-LIFT  completed enrollment in December 2021 with 65 subjects worldwide. It recently completed first-in-human use of its ARCIM neurostimulator in May 2022.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a significant team in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the Company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,negative,0.04,0.22,0.74,True,English,"['New Board Appointment', 'ONWARD', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'growing U.S. presence', 'three Breakthrough Device Designations', 'first FDA pivotal trial', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'High Tech Campus', 'Johns Hopkins University', 'Georg August University', 'specific industry experience', 'Health Outcomes Manager', 'external (ARCEX) systems', 'Senior Global Reimbursement', 'medical technology company', 'Health Economics Director', 'breakthrough therapies', 'Oxford University', 'extensive experience', 'global markets', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'next phase', 'Dave Marver', 'market access', 'Ms. Dziekan', 'Government Affairs', 'Surgical Division', 'Health Policy', 'London School', 'European Studies', 'Business Administration', 'four-year term', 'a decade', 'basic science', 'preclinical research', 'ARC Therapy', 'other functions', 'human use', 'significant team', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statements', 'The Company', 'future accuracy', 'International Economics', 'Kristina Dziekan', 'Medtronic Neuromodulation', 'ARCIM neurostimulator', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'future events', 'ONWARD.', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'people', 'appointment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'judgment', 'expertise', 'growth', 'CEO', 'Head', 'Tendering', 'Alcon', 'GlaxoSmithKline', 'UK', 'parts', 'Asia', 'MSc', 'Planning', 'Financing', 'Philosophy', 'Politics', 'Vordiplom', 'Amsterdam', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'enrollment', 'December', '65 subjects', 'May', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,businesswire.com
6378,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bic-disclosure-total-number-voting-161000333.html,BIC - Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capital as of May 31  2022,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capitalas of May 31  2022 Clichy  France – 13 June 2022...,"Societe BICFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEDisclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capitalas of May 31  2022Clichy  France – 13 June 2022Article L 233-8-II of the French “Code de Commerce” and Article 223-16 of the GeneralRegulations of the French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”.As of May 31  2022  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 44 677 929 shares  representing:65 726 152 voting rights 65 109 495 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2021  BIC Net Sales were 1 831.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSophie Palliez-CapianVP  Corporate Stakeholder Engagement+33 1 45 19 55 28+ 33 87 89 3351Sophie.palliez@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Manager  Investor Relations+ 33 1 45 19 52 98Michele.ventura@bicworld.com Albane de La Tour d’ArtaiseSenior Manager  Institutional Press Relations+ 33 1 45 19 51 51+ 33 7 85 88 19 48Albane.DeLaTourDArtaise@bicworld.comIsabelle de Segonzac Image 7+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2022 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMEDStory continues1st Half 2022 Results August 2  2022 3rd Quarter 2022 Results October 27  2022Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['voting rights', 'total number', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'May', 'French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'French “Code de', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Corporate Stakeholder Engagement', '1st Half 2022 Results', '3rd Quarter 2022 Results', 'Institutional Press Relations', 'Michèle Ventura', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'Investor Relations', 'Isabelle de', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'voting rights', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'Senior Manager', 'La Tour', 'Societe BIC', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'total number', 'world leader', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', 'Segonzac Image', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'May', 'Clichy', 'France', '13 June', 'Article', 'Commerce', 'General', 'Regulations', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACT', 'VP', 'bicworld', 'Michele', 'Albane', 'Artaise', '2022 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6379,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4517994-eni-stock-positive-news-ahead,Eni Stock: Positive News Ahead (NYSE:E),Eni (E) is in a consortium for the largest gas plant in the world. A deal worth $30 billion. Plenitude IPO to be completed by the end of June.,"Cineberg/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesTo follow up with Eni is important to report two interesting news (NYSE:NYSE:E). The group announced this morning its intention to proceed with the initial public offering of Plenitude - the company's shares will be on Euronext Milan in the coming weeks. The offer will be dedicated to the Italian general public and also to the private placement reserved for qualified investors  including foreign ones. The free float required for the purposes of the listing will be realized through the sale of shares by Eni. The process  Eni specifies ""will attract new capital to Eni  maximizing the value of Plenitude and the stake owned by Eni and unlocking new resources to be allocated for the energy transition path"". According to the rumors  IPO should concern about 30% of Plenitude's capital  and the company should be valued at around 10 billion euros.As for the date of the listing  the goal was to complete the IPO by the end of June. The company's plan also includes the creation of long-term value for shareholders  both through capital appreciation and through dividend distribution - coupon distribution is going to be set to 25% of the consolidated net profit (starting from 2023).Aside from the numbers  Eni's goal ""will help millions of customers across Europe switching to sustainable energy. Partially selling the business will unlock significant value and accelerate its growth  helping Eni cut the Scope 3 emissions currently generated by our customers - a key step to achieving our net-zero target"" said Eni's CEO  Claudio Descalzi.Qatar developmentThe Italian group is in partnership with Exxon Mobil (XOM)  TotalEnergies (TTE)  Shell (SHEL)  and ConocoPhillips (COP) for the expansion of North Field  the largest liquefied gas field in the world. Along with the other oil majors  Eni was chosen by Qatar as a partner in the nearly $30 billion expansion plan.The project plans to expand the field  which will strengthen Qatar's position leading it to become the world's largest exporter of liquefied gas and ensuring long-term gas supply to Europe as the continent seeks alternatives to Russian gas. This is especially good news for the European Union.More will be known over the weekend  since Qatar Energy  it is the state-controlled group  had announced it would hold a press conference and signing ceremony on Sunday. This can be a positive catalyst for Eni.ConclusionPlenitude's IPO is well priced by the market  though there could be extra positive upsides thanks to the Qatar development. At this stage  we remain neutral on the Italian major  but we will definitely continue to monitor future proceedings.Previous coverage in Oil & Gas:",neutral,0.11,0.85,0.04,positive,0.84,0.12,0.04,True,English,"['Eni Stock', 'Positive News', 'NYSE', 'largest liquefied gas field', 'initial public offering', 'two interesting news', 'extra positive upsides', 'Italian general public', 'energy transition path', 'other oil majors', 'long-term gas supply', '$30 billion expansion plan', 'largest exporter', '10 billion euros', 'good news', 'positive catalyst', 'Russian gas', 'sustainable energy', 'North Field', 'Italian major', 'long-term value', 'iStock Editorial', 'Getty Images', 'Euronext Milan', 'coming weeks', 'private placement', 'qualified investors', 'free float', 'new resources', 'dividend distribution', 'coupon distribution', 'net profit', 'Scope 3 emissions', 'key step', 'net-zero target', 'Claudio Descalzi', 'Italian group', 'Exxon Mobil', 'European Union', 'press conference', 'signing ceremony', 'future proceedings', 'Previous coverage', 'Qatar Energy', 'new capital', 'capital appreciation', 'significant value', 'state-controlled group', 'Qatar development', 'Cineberg', 'Eni', 'NYSE', 'intention', 'company', 'shares', 'foreign', 'purposes', 'listing', 'sale', 'process', 'stake', 'rumors', 'IPO', 'date', 'goal', 'June', 'creation', 'shareholders', 'numbers', 'millions', 'customers', 'business', 'growth', 'CEO', 'partnership', 'XOM', 'TotalEnergies', 'TTE', 'Shell', 'ConocoPhillips', 'world', 'project', 'position', 'continent', 'alternatives', 'More', 'weekend', 'Sunday', 'Conclusion', 'market', 'stage']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,seekingalpha.com
6381,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cgg-sercel-equips-vessel-south-053000783.html,CGG : Sercel Equips New Vessel in South Korea with a Complete Marine Seismic Acquisition System for 3D Seismic Research,Sercel Equips New Vessel in South Korea with a Complete Marine Seismic Acquisition System for 3D Seismic Research Paris  France – June 13  2022 CGG announced...,CGGSercel Equips New Vessel in South Korea with a Complete Marine Seismic Acquisition System for 3D Seismic ResearchParis  France – June 13  2022CGG announced today that Sercel has sold a complete marine seismic acquisition system to HJ Shipbuilding & Construction  a South Korean shipbuilding leader. The contract calls for the supply of a Seal 428 recording system  including Sentinel® streamers  a Nautilus® streamer positioning system  and G-Source II high-performance impulsive sources. The system will be delivered in the first half of 2023 to equip the R/V TAMHAE3  a 3D/4D seismic research vessel designed for the Korea Institute of Geoscience and Mineral Resources (KIGAM).Taking advantage of the unique capabilities of Sentinel  Nautilus and G-Source II  the Seal 428 is the most efficient large-capacity  high-resolution seismic data acquisition system available on the market. Sentinel solid streamers provide the best signal-to-noise ratio for towed-streamer acquisition and ensure excellent low-frequency performance with outstanding reliability. When combined with the powerful Nautilus streamer guidance and control system  Sercel offers the best marine seismic acquisition solution available to achieve the highest production while delivering superior data quality  whatever the environment or towing depth.Emmanuelle Dubu  Sercel CEO  said: “We are delighted to have been selected to equip this new seismic vessel due to come into operation in 2024. With this contract  Sercel confirms its position as the world’s leading designer and provider of marine seismic acquisition solutions. It also reflects our strong commitment to ongoing innovation in order to anticipate and meet the high-tech requirements that this sector demands.”About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 300 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).Story continuesContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.69,0.27,0.03,True,English,"['Complete Marine Seismic Acquisition System', '3D Seismic Research', 'New Vessel', 'South Korea', 'CGG', 'Sercel', 'efficient large-capacity, high-resolution seismic data acquisition system', 'Complete Marine Seismic Acquisition System', 'best marine seismic acquisition solution', 'G-Source II high-performance impulsive sources', 'marine seismic acquisition solutions', 'complex digital, energy transition', '3D/4D seismic research vessel', 'powerful Nautilus streamer guidance', 'Nautilus® streamer positioning system', 'South Korean shipbuilding leader', '3D Seismic Research', 'superior data quality', 'new seismic vessel', 'excellent low-frequency performance', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Seal 428 recording system', 'streamer acquisition', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'Sentinel solid streamers', 'data science', 'control system', 'New Vessel', 'best signal', 'HJ Shipbuilding', 'HPC leader', 'Sentinel® streamers', 'first half', 'R/V TAMHAE', 'Korea Institute', 'Mineral Resources', 'unique capabilities', 'noise ratio', 'outstanding reliability', 'highest production', 'Emmanuelle Dubu', 'leading designer', 'strong commitment', 'ongoing innovation', 'high-tech requirements', 'global technology', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'Sercel CEO', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG', 'France', 'June', 'Construction', 'contract', 'supply', 'Geoscience', 'KIGAM', 'advantage', 'market', 'environment', 'depth', 'operation', 'world', 'provider', 'order', 'sector', 'products', 'services', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', '3,300 people', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6382,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/agfa-gevaert-share-buyback-program-154000062.html,Agfa-Gevaert : Share buyback program 2021 completed – regulated information,Mortsel  Belgium – June 13  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CET Within the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021...,Agfa-GevaertMortsel  Belgium – June 13  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CETWithin the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021  Agfa-Gevaert NV proceeded with the purchase of own shares on the market of Euronext Brussels.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of May 12  2020.Agfa-Gevaert NV has requested a financial intermediary to repurchase Agfa-Gevaert shares for a maximum amount of 50 000 000 Euro on its behalf under the terms of an initial discretionary mandate agreement with validity until March 31  2022  effective as from April 1  2021.On March 8  2022  the Board of Directors decided to extend the 2021 Share Buyback through March 31  2023 (the ‘Extended Share Buyback Program 2021’).As a result of the decision of the Board of Directors on March 9  2021  the company  by notarial deed dated March 30  2022  cancelled a total of 2 299 218 treasury shares. This decision was taken in accordance with the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 12  2020. As a consequence  the new number of outstanding shares (denominator) is 158 207 488.On transaction date June 9  2022  the Agfa-Gevaert Group held 3 386 960 own shares  which represents 2.14% of the total number of shares of the Group.Detailed operations per day:Transaction date Number ofshares Averageprice (€) Minimumprice (€) Maximumprice (€) Totalprice (€) June 6  2022 56 776 4.0101 3.9850 4.0400 227 677.44 June 7  2022 61 386 3.9964 3.9800 4.0050 245 323.01 June 8  2022 60 580 3.9733 3.9450 4.0000 240 702.51 June 9  2022 53 872 3.9325 3.9050 3.9700 211 851.64 Total 232 614 3.9789 925 554.60Since the beginning of the share buyback program until June 9th  2022  based on the transaction date  the Agfa-Gevaert Group bought 12 930 662 own shares for a total amount of 49 999 997.30 Euro  representing 7.71% of the total outstanding shares on April 1  2021.Story continuesWith this announcement  Agfa-Gevaert NV has completed its share buyback program that had started on April 1  2021.Over the total buyback of 12 930 662 shares  Agfa-Gevaert NV paid an average price of 3.8668 Euro per share.About AgfaThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds four divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT  Digital Print & Chemicals and Offset Solutions. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2021  the Group realized a turnover of 1 760 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate CommunicationT +32 (0) 3 444 71 24E viviane.dictus@agfa.comJohan JacobsCorporate Press Relations ManagerT +32 (0)3/444 80 15E johan.jacobs@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.37,True,English,"['Share buyback program', 'regulated information', 'Agfa-Gevaert', 'initial discretionary mandate agreement', 'Corporate Press Relations Manager', 'Extended Share Buyback Program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'Transaction date Number', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', 'total outstanding shares', '2021 Share Buyback', 'press release', 'Corporate Communication', 'total buyback', 'new number', 'The Group', 'total number', 'Agfa-Gevaert Mortsel', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'financial intermediary', 'maximum amount', 'notarial deed', 'Detailed operations', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'four divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'Offset Solutions', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'total amount', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'average price', 'Total price', 'Agfa-Gevaert shares', 'leading company', '2,299,218 treasury shares', '1,760 million Euro', 'June 9th', 'Johan Jacobs', '12,930,662 shares', '50,000,000 Euro', '30 Euro', '3.8668 Euro', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'framework', 'March', 'purchase', 'market', 'authorization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'behalf', 'terms', 'validity', 'April', 'result', 'decision', 'accordance', 'consequence', 'denominator', 'day', 'beginning', 'Story', 'announcement', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:40', '960', '49']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6383,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atos-sell-entire-stake-worldline-163700518.html,Atos to sell its entire stake in Worldline,Press Release NOT FOR PUBLICATION  RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  OR...,"Atos InternationalPress ReleaseNOT FOR PUBLICATION  RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT WOULD BE UNLAWFUL TO DO SO.Atos to sell its entire stake in WorldlineParis  France – June 13  2022 - Atos intends to sell its entire stake in Worldline of ca. 7.0 million shares representing ca. 2.5% of Worldline’s share capital. The sale will be carried out by way of an accelerated book building to institutional investors commencing immediately (the “Placement”).Atos will concomitantly enter into a derivative transaction with Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE to hedge its residual exposure to Worldline’s shares related to the outstanding exchangeable bonds due 2024 which were issued in 2019. Goldman Sachs Europe Bank SE as counterparty for the derivative will hedge its short position in connection therewith by purchasing Worldline shares in the Placement  through the placing of an order in the order book.Following completion of the Placement  Atos will no longer be a shareholder of Worldline.Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE is acting as sole bookrunner for the Placement and counterparty for the derivative. Rothschild & Co is acting as financial advisor.The final terms of the Placement are expected to be announced on June 14  2022 at the latest. Settlement of the Placement is expected to take place on or around June 16  2022.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 indexes.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Story continuesContacts:Investor Relations | Thomas Guillois | +33 6 21 34 36 62 | thomas.guillois@atos.netMedia | Martin Bovo | +33 6 14 46 79 94 | martin.bovo@atos.netDisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities and the offer of the Worldline shares does not constitute a public offering other than to qualified investors in any jurisdiction  including in France.This communication is for distribution in the United Kingdom only to (i) investment professionals falling within article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (ii) high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons"").The offer and sale of the securities referred to in this announcement has not been  nor will be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the ""Securities Act"") and the securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent such registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will be no public offering of the securities in the United States in connection with this transaction.Any investment decision to buy shares in Worldline must be made solely on the basis of publicly available information regarding Worldline. Such information is not the responsibility of Atos.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.74,0.22,mixed,0.27,0.31,0.42,True,English,"['entire stake', 'Atos', 'Worldline', 'Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE', 'Goldman Sachs Europe Bank SE', 'United States Securities Act', 'outstanding exchangeable bonds', 'net worth entities', 'secure information space', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'entire stake', 'share capital', 'institutional investors', 'residual exposure', 'short position', 'sole bookrunner', 'financial advisor', 'final terms', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Next 20 indexes', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor Relations', 'information purposes', 'public offering', 'qualified investors', 'investment professionals', 'Financial Promotion', 'applicable exemption', 'investment decision', 'Such information', 'Press Release', 'decarbonization services', 'Financial Services', 'other persons', 'relevant persons', '7.0 million shares', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'book building', 'Euronext Paris', 'registration requirements', 'Atos International', 'Thomas Guillois', 'Martin Bovo', 'derivative transaction', 'Worldline shares', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'France', 'June', 'sale', 'way', 'Placement', 'connection', 'placing', 'order', 'completion', 'shareholder', 'Rothschild', 'Settlement', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '71 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'communication', 'article', 'announcement', 'basis', 'responsibility', 'Attachment']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6384,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000539.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Jun 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7694 £ 25.0302 Estimated MTD return 1.05 % 1.10 % Estimated YTD return -1.48 % -1.09 % Estimated ITD return 187.69 % 150.30 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.97 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.10 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.4350 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.3422The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6385,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/subsea-7-revises-2022-guidance-060100705.html,Subsea 7 revises 2022 guidance,Luxembourg – 13 June 2022 - Subsea 7 S.A. (Oslo Børs: SUBC  ADR: SUBCY) today updated its Adjusted EBITDA guidance for the full year 2022. Seaway 7 ASA1...,Luxembourg – 13 June 2022 - Subsea 7 S.A. (Oslo Børs: SUBC  ADR: SUBCY) today updated its Adjusted EBITDA guidance for the full year 2022.Seaway 7 ASA1 announced today provisions against the results of project execution of offshore windfarm installations due to increased costs relating to weather delays and mechanical breakdowns. This  together with an increase in the existing provision on the Formosa 2 project2  including the effects of Covid-19  will impact Subsea 7’s Adjusted EBITDA for 2022  which is still expected to be broadly in line with 2021.1 Seaway 7 ASA is listed on Euronext Growth (SEAW7) and its financial statements are consolidated as part of the Subsea 7 Group.2 As part of the combination agreement between Subsea 7’s fixed offshore wind renewable segment and OHT AS to form Seaway 7 ASA  the economic interest on the Formosa 2 project was retained by Subsea 7 S.A. and not transferred to Seaway 7 ASA. The financial outcome of this project is therefore recognised in Subsea 7’s Renewables segment and not in the financial statements of Seaway 7 ASA.*******************************************************************************Subsea 7 is a global leader in the delivery of offshore projects and services for the evolving energy industry  creating sustainable value by being the industry’s partner and employer of choice in delivering the efficient offshore solutions the world needs.Subsea 7 is listed on the Oslo Børs (SUBC)  ISIN LU0075646355  LEI 222100AIF0CBCY80AH62.*******************************************************************************Contact for investment community enquiries:Katherine TonksInvestor Relations DirectorTel +44 (0)20 8210 5568katherine.tonks@subsea7.comForward-Looking Statements: This announcement may contain ‘forward-looking statements’ (within the meaning of the safe harbour provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). These statements relate to our current expectations  beliefs  intentions  assumptions or strategies regarding the future and are subject to known and unknown risks that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as ‘anticipate’  ‘believe’  ‘estimate’  ‘expect’  ‘future’  ‘goal’  ‘intend’  ‘likely’ ‘may’  ‘plan’  ‘project’  ‘seek’  ‘should’  ‘strategy’ ‘will’  and similar expressions. The principal risks which could affect future operations of the Group are described in the ‘Risk Management’ section of the Group’s Annual Report and Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2021. Factors that may cause actual and future results and trends to differ materially from our forward-looking statements include (but are not limited to): (i) our ability to deliver fixed price projects in accordance with client expectations and within the parameters of our bids  and to avoid cost overruns; (ii) our ability to collect receivables  negotiate variation orders and collect the related revenue; (iii) our ability to recover costs on significant projects; (iv) capital expenditure by oil and gas companies  which is affected by fluctuations in the price of  and demand for  crude oil and natural gas; (v) unanticipated delays or cancellation of projects included in our backlog; (vi) competition and price fluctuations in the markets and businesses in which we operate; (vii) the loss of  or deterioration in our relationship with  any significant clients; (viii) the outcome of legal proceedings or governmental inquiries; (ix) uncertainties inherent in operating internationally  including economic  political and social instability  boycotts or embargoes  labour unrest  changes in foreign governmental regulations  corruption and currency fluctuations; (x) the effects of a pandemic or epidemic or a natural disaster; (xi) liability to third parties for the failure of our joint venture partners to fulfil their obligations; (xii) changes in  or our failure to comply with  applicable laws and regulations (including regulatory measures addressing climate change); (xiii) operating hazards  including spills  environmental damage  personal or property damage and business interruptions caused by adverse weather; (xiv) equipment or mechanical failures  which could increase costs  impair revenue and result in penalties for failure to meet project completion requirements; (xv) the timely delivery of vessels on order and the timely completion of ship conversion programmes; (xvi) our ability to keep pace with technological changes and the impact of potential information technology  cyber security or data security breaches; and (xvii) the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Story continuesThis information is considered to be inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.07,0.18,0.75,True,English,"['Subsea 7', '2022 guidance', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'offshore wind renewable segment', 'Oslo Børs', 'offshore windfarm installations', 'efficient offshore solutions', 'investment community enquiries', 'Investor Relations Director', 'Risk Management’ section', 'joint venture partners', 'ship conversion programmes', 'potential information technology', 'Subsea 7 S.A.', 'data security breaches', 'Adjusted EBITDA guidance', 'evolving energy industry', 'safe harbour provisions', 'foreign governmental regulations', 'project completion requirements', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'fixed price projects', 'Renewables segment', 'offshore projects', 'governmental inquiries', 'timely completion', 'cyber security', 'financial reporting', 'Seaway 7 ASA1', 'weather delays', 'mechanical breakdowns', 'existing provision', '1 Seaway 7 ASA', 'Euronext Growth', 'combination agreement', 'OHT AS', 'economic interest', 'global leader', 'sustainable value', 'LEI 222100AIF0CBCY80AH62', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'similar expressions', 'principal risks', 'Annual Report', 'client expectations', 'cost overruns', 'variation orders', 'significant projects', 'capital expenditure', 'gas companies', 'natural gas', 'unanticipated delays', 'significant clients', 'legal proceedings', 'social instability', 'labour unrest', 'natural disaster', 'third parties', 'applicable laws', 'regulatory measures', 'climate change', 'operating hazards', 'environmental damage', 'property damage', 'business interruptions', 'adverse weather', 'mechanical failures', 'disclosure controls', 'internal control', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statement', 'looking statements', 'project execution', 'Formosa 2 project', 'financial outcome', 'price fluctuations', 'currency fluctuations', 'full year', 'future operations', 'related revenue', 'crude oil', 'timely delivery', 'technological changes', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Katherine Tonks', 'Subsea 7 Group', 'Luxembourg', '13 June', 'SUBC', 'ADR', 'costs', 'increase', 'effects', 'Covid-19', 'line', 'services', 'employer', 'choice', 'world', 'ISIN', 'Contact', 'Tel', 'announcement', 'meaning', 'beliefs', 'intentions', 'assumptions', 'strategies', 'performance', 'events', 'use', 'words', 'plan', 'strategy', 'Factors', 'trends', 'accordance', 'parameters', 'bids', 'receivables', 'demand', 'cancellation', 'backlog', 'competition', 'markets', 'businesses', 'loss', 'deterioration', 'relationship', 'uncertainties', 'political', 'boycotts', 'embargoes', 'corruption', 'pandemic', 'epidemic', 'liability', 'obligations', 'spills', 'personal', 'equipment', 'penalties', 'vessels', 'pace', 'impact', 'effectiveness', 'procedures', '2022', '2021']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6386,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-sixsq-announces-five-new-app-vendors-joining-nuvlaio-app-vendor-programme-301566068.html,Ekinops' SixSq  announces five new App vendors joining Nuvla.io 'App Vendor Programme',GENEVA  June 13  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading network access and virtualization specialist  today announced the first five new application vendors joining their recently launched Nuvla.io App Vendor Programme b…,SixSq's Nuvla.io is a proven B2B digital platform for industrialization and automation of containerized edge applications and device management. Nuvla.io enables  among other things  the deployment of these applications on the Ekinops OneAccess branded network equipment.The first selective innovative vendors bring turnkey apps in their fields:ClearBlade: Logistics and railwayCybus : Manufacturing and machine monitoringC2RO: Next generation GDPR compliant people and crowd tracking solutionGDPR AI EdgeLabs : Cyberattack detection driven from AI analysisCyberattack Securaxis : Smart city audio based real-time analysis using AIApp vendors wishing to join the App Vendor Programme are invited to get in touch with the SixSq team.Details of the App vendor programme can be found here: https://nuvla.io/marketplaceAll press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEO[email protected]InvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92[email protected]PressAmaury DugastPress relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74[email protected]SOURCE Ekinops,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['five new App vendors', 'Nuvla.io', 'Ekinops', 'SixSq', 'Next generation GDPR compliant people', 'Ekinops OneAccess branded network equipment', 'proven B2B digital platform', 'first selective innovative vendors', 'crowd tracking solution', 'GDPR AI EdgeLabs', 'Smart city audio', 'Didier Brédy', 'App Vendor Programme', 'containerized edge applications', 'App vendors', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'device management', 'other things', 'turnkey apps', 'machine monitoring', 'Cyberattack detection', 'AI analysis', 'Cyberattack Securaxis', 'real-time analysis', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Amaury Dugast', 'press releases', 'Press relation', 'SixSq team', 'Nuvla.io', 'industrialization', 'automation', 'deployment', 'fields', 'ClearBlade', 'Logistics', 'railway', 'Cybus', 'Manufacturing', 'C2RO', 'touch', 'Details', 'marketplace', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', '1 53']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,prnewswire.com
6387,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.cityam.com/molten-ventures-poised-to-slash-investment-by-half-after-profits-jump-to-301m/,Molten Ventures poised to slash investment by half after profits jump to £301m,London-listed venture capital firm Molten Ventures reported a surge in the value of its portfolio in the last 12 months but warned today it was braced for a slowdown in the year ahead as inflation begins to bite.The post Molten Ventures poised to slash inves…,Molten Ventures poised to slash investment by half after profits jump to £301mLondon-listed venture capital firm Molten Ventures reported a surge in the value of its portfolio in the last 12 months but warned today it was braced for a slowdown in the year ahead as inflation begins to bite.The FTSE-250 investor said its gross portfolio value had jumped to £1.53bn in the past 12 months as profits soared to £301m  up from £267m a year earlier.Molten notched 37 per cent growth across its portfolio however  marking a slowdown from the 51 per cent print at the same point last year.The jump in profits came alongside fresh cash investments of £311m from Molten’s own balance sheet  up from £128m last year  and a further £45m from enterprise investment scheme funds.Boss Martin Davis hailed a year of “huge progress” for the firm but told City A.M. that investment would likely halve in the next 12 months as the investment environment cools amid soaring inflation and rising interest rates.“I think there will be a slowdown  but I think that will really be us pushing some of our investment proof points much harder ” he said.“And we need to be much more confident in an environment like this – there will still be good investments so we’ll probably still invest in the £100-150m mark this year  roughly half what we did last year.”Davis said the firm’s portfolio of software and tech  firms would be resilient to the shocks in the market  with demand likely to remain strong through an economic slump.“Despite recent volatility in world markets caused in part by the tragic events in Ukraine  VC remains resilient  and the European technology market continues to be an area of growth ” he added.Molten’s bumper results come after a re-brand from ‘Draper Esprit’ last year  as well as a shift onto the premium segment of London Stock Exchange’s main market and the secondary listing segment of the official List of Euronext Dublin.,negative,0.06,0.39,0.55,mixed,0.17,0.22,0.61,True,English,"['Molten Ventures', 'investment', 'half', 'profits', 'enterprise investment scheme funds', 'London-listed venture capital firm', 'The FTSE-250 investor', '51 per cent print', 'City A.M.', 'rising interest rates', 'London Stock Exchange', 'fresh cash investments', 'secondary listing segment', 'investment proof points', '37 per cent growth', 'Boss Martin Davis', 'European technology market', 'gross portfolio value', 'good investments', 'premium segment', 'last 12 months', 'past 12 months', 'same point', 'balance sheet', 'huge progress', 'next 12 months', '£100-150m mark', 'economic slump', 'recent volatility', 'world markets', 'tragic events', 'bumper results', 'Draper Esprit', 'main market', 'official List', 'Euronext Dublin', 'investment environment', 'soaring inflation', 'Molten Ventures', 'half', 'profits', 'surge', 'slowdown', 'year', 'jump', 'software', 'firms', 'shocks', 'demand', 'part', 'Ukraine', 'VC', 'area', 'brand', 'shift']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,cityam.com
6388,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.uppermichiganssource.com/prnewswire/2022/06/13/ekinops-sixsq-announces-five-new-app-vendors-joining-nuvlaio-app-vendor-programme/,Ekinops' SixSq  announces five new App vendors joining Nuvla.io 'App Vendor Programme',,GENEVA  June 13  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading network access and virtualization specialist  today announced the first five new application vendors joining their recently launched Nuvla.io App Vendor Programme built by SixSq to accelerate the delivery and monetization of edge computing applications.App Vendors SixSq (PRNewswire)SixSq's Nuvla.io is a proven B2B digital platform for industrialization and automation of containerized edge applications and device management. Nuvla.io enables  among other things  the deployment of these applications on the Ekinops OneAccess branded network equipment.The first selective innovative vendors bring turnkey apps in their fields:ClearBlade: Logistics and railwayCybus : Manufacturing and machine monitoringC2RO: Next generation GDPR compliant people and crowd tracking solution GDPRAI EdgeLabs : Cyberattack detection driven from AI analysis CyberattackSecuraxis : Smart city audio based real-time analysis using AIApp vendors wishing to join the App Vendor Programme are invited to get in touch with the SixSq team.Details of the App vendor programme can be found here: https://nuvla.io/marketplaceAll press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.frPressAmaury DugastPress relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frEkinops Logo (PRNewsfoto/Ekinops) (PRNewswire)View original content to download multimedia:SOURCE Ekinops,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['five new App vendors', 'Nuvla.io', 'Ekinops', 'SixSq', 'first five new application vendors', 'Next generation GDPR compliant people', 'Ekinops OneAccess branded network equipment', 'proven B2B digital platform', 'first selective innovative vendors', 'Nuvla.io App Vendor Programme', 'leading network access', 'crowd tracking solution', 'Smart city audio', 'Didier Brédy', 'App Vendors SixSq', 'edge computing applications', 'containerized edge applications', 'AI analysis Cyberattack', 'Cyberattack detection', 'real-time analysis', 'Euronext Paris', 'virtualization specialist', 'device management', 'other things', 'turnkey apps', 'machine monitoring', 'AI EdgeLabs', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Amaury Dugast', 'Ekinops Logo', 'original content', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'SixSq team', 'press releases', 'Press relation', 'GENEVA', 'PRNewswire', 'delivery', 'monetization', 'industrialization', 'automation', 'deployment', 'fields', 'ClearBlade', 'Logistics', 'railway', 'Cybus', 'Manufacturing', 'C2RO', 'Securaxis', 'touch', 'Details', 'marketplace', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'momnes', 'actus', 'adugast', 'PRNewsfoto', 'multimedia', '33', '1 53']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,uppermichiganssource.com
6407,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pimco-warned-us-treasury-russia-101515253.html,Pimco Warned US Treasury That Russia Sanctions Will Hit Pensions,(Bloomberg) -- Pacific Investment Management Co. has warned the US Treasury about the fallout on investors from the strict sanctions that are pushing Russia ...,(Bloomberg) -- Pacific Investment Management Co. has warned the US Treasury about the fallout on investors from the strict sanctions that are pushing Russia toward default.Most Read from BloombergExecutives at the asset management giant told the US Treasury about losses that US pension funds will face if fund managers are forced to write down their Russian holdings  according to people familiar with the matter. They have also made the point that a Russian default would allow President Vladimir Putin to keep foreign currency reserves that would have otherwise been paid to creditors  giving him more money for war efforts  said the people  who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.Pimco held the equivalent of about $1.8 billion of Russian sovereign bonds as well as exposure through credit-default swaps in its largest fund  the $124 billion Income Fund  according to its first quarter holdings report released last month. Pimco managed $2.2 trillion overall at year-end.“Pimco -- given its fiduciary duty to its clients -- has engaged with US Treasury to express some of those key consequences of Russia defaulting ” a spokesman for Newport Beach  California-based Pimco said in a statement.Russia has argued it’s fulfilled all obligations even as its bond payments are stuck on their path to foreign investors by tighter US and European Union sanctions. That’s left fund managers who own the country’s foreign debt in an awkward position -- making the case for payments that ultimately flow to their clients while running the risk of appearing to tell governments to relax their response to a conflict that’s already cost thousands of lives.Story continuesA representative for the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury declined to comment on any discussions with Pimco about Russian sanctions.The US Treasury stepped up financial sanctions further last week on Russia by barring investors from buying the country’s debt in the secondary market. The new rules mean US firms can hold or sell Russian corporate or sovereign debt  but can’t purchase it. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. are withdrawing from handling trades of Russian debt following the move  Bloomberg reported this week.The ban comes as Russia tries to avoid a sovereign default on foreign currency debt by finding a way around sanctions that are preventing it getting money to bondholders. Two payments of about $100 million in total due May 27 are stuck at Euroclear Bank SA. Meanwhile  a missed interest payment has triggered all of Russia’s outstanding credit default swaps  which covered a net $1.5 billion of Russian debt as of the end of last month.Money managers have spent months pouring over the legal fine print in Russia’s debt documentation to understand what might constitute a default. Despite the technicalities  there’s little doubt Russia is at risk of sliding into its first external bond default since the aftermath of the 1917 revolution.Read More: Pimco Fund Added to Russia Swap Exposure in Weeks Before War (1)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,mixed,0.05,0.13,0.83,True,English,"['US Treasury', 'Russia Sanctions', 'Pimco', 'Pensions', 'Goldman Sachs Group Inc.', 'first quarter holdings report', 'Pacific Investment Management Co.', 'outstanding credit default swaps', 'first external bond default', 'asset management giant', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'Euroclear Bank SA', 'legal fine print', 'foreign currency reserves', 'Foreign Assets Control', 'US pension funds', '$124 billion Income Fund', 'European Union sanctions', 'foreign currency debt', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', 'Russian sovereign bonds', 'The US Treasury', 'Russian holdings', 'credit-default swaps', 'bond payments', 'sovereign default', 'foreign debt', 'Russian default', 'sovereign debt', 'tighter US', 'US Department', 'US firms', 'fund managers', 'largest fund', 'Russian sanctions', 'Russian corporate', 'Russian debt', 'strict sanctions', 'fiduciary duty', 'key consequences', 'Newport Beach', 'awkward position', 'financial sanctions', 'secondary market', 'new rules', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'interest payment', 'last month', 'debt documentation', 'little doubt', 'foreign investors', 'Two payments', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'Pimco Fund', 'war efforts', 'California-based Pimco', 'Money managers', 'fallout', 'Executives', 'losses', 'people', 'matter', 'point', 'creditors', 'equivalent', 'exposure', 'year-end', 'clients', 'spokesman', 'statement', 'obligations', 'path', 'country', 'case', 'risk', 'governments', 'response', 'conflict', 'thousands', 'lives', 'Story', 'representative', 'Office', 'discussions', 'trades', 'move', 'way', 'bondholders', 'total', 'May', 'net', 'months', 'technicalities', 'aftermath', '1917 revolution', 'Weeks']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6408,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shell-plc-first-quarter-2022-083600865.html,Shell Plc First Quarter 2022 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments,June 13  2022 The Board of Shell plc (“Shell”) today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the first quarter 2022...,June 13  2022The Board of Shell plc (“Shell”) today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the first quarter 2022 interim dividend  which was announced on May 5  2022 at US$0.25 per ordinary share.Shareholders have been able to elect to receive their dividends in US dollars  euros or pounds sterling. Holders of ordinary shares who have validly submitted US dollars  euros or pounds sterling currency elections by June 7  2022 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.25  €0.2346 or 20.01p per ordinary share  respectively.Absent any valid election to the contrary  persons holding their ordinary shares through Euroclear Nederland will receive their dividends in euros at the euro rate per ordinary share shown above. Absent any valid election to the contrary  shareholders (both holding in certificated and uncertificated form (CREST members)) and persons holding their shares through the Shell Corporate Nominee will receive their dividends in pounds sterling  at the pound sterling rate per ordinary share shown above.Euro and pounds sterling dividends payable in cash have been converted from US dollars based on an average of market exchange rates over the three dealing days from June 8 to June 10  2022.This dividend will be payable on June 27  2022 to those members whose names were on the Register of Members on May 20  2022.Taxation - cash dividendWith Shell’s tax residence moved to the UK  dividends paid to shareholders on their ordinary shares will not attract Dutch dividend withholding tax. This means that holders of the former A shares receive their dividends in full as Dutch dividend withholding tax is no longer withheld on these dividends. Holders of the former B shares receive their dividends directly from Shell as these dividends will no longer be paid through the Dividend Access Mechanism.If you are uncertain as to the tax treatment of any dividends you should consult your tax advisor.Story continuesNoteA different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker  financial intermediary  bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.EnquiriesShell Media RelationsInternational +44 (0) 207 934 5550Americas +1 832 337 4355CAUTIONARY NOTEThe companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”  “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’  “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as “joint ventures” and “joint operations”  respectively. “Joint ventures” and “joint operations” are collectively referred to as “joint arrangements”. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as “associates”. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement  after exclusion of all third-party interest.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets  and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative  judicial  fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks  including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities  delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics  such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 (available at www.shell.com/investor and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement  June 13  2022. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information. In light of these risks  results could differ materially from those stated  implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.Shell’s net carbon footprintAlso  in this announcement we may refer to Shell’s “Net Carbon Footprint” or “Net Carbon Intensity”  which include Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products  our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the term Shell’s “Net Carbon Footprint” or “Net Carbon Intensity” are for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries.Shell’s net-Zero Emissions TargetShell’s operating plan  outlook and budgets are forecasted for a ten-year period and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next ten years. Accordingly  they reflect our Scope 1  Scope 2 and Net Carbon Footprint (NCF) targets over the next ten years. However  Shell’s operating plans cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target and 2035 NCF target  as these targets are currently outside our planning period. In the future  as society moves towards net-zero emissions  we expect Shell’s operating plans to reflect this movement. However  if society is not net zero in 2050  as of today  there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target.Forward Looking Non-GAAP measuresThis announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as cash capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell  such as oil and gas prices  interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover  estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements.The contents of websites referred to in this announcement do not form part of this announcement.We may have used certain terms  such as resources  in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F  File No 1-32575  available on the SEC website www.sec. gov .LEI number of Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.21,0.25,0.54,True,English,"['Shell Plc First Quarter', 'GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Enquiries Shell Media Relations International', 'first quarter 2022 interim dividend', 'different currency election date', 'Dutch dividend withholding tax', 'euro equivalent dividend payments', 'sterling currency elections', 'three dealing days', 'Dividend Access Mechanism', 'market exchange rates', 'indirect ownership interest', 'pound sterling rate', 'former A shares', 'former B shares', 'separate legal entities', 'unincorporated joint arrangement', 'securities account', 'Shell Corporate Nominee', 'pounds sterling dividends', 'nominee arrangement', 'euro rate', 'tax residence', 'tax treatment', 'tax advisor', 'valid election', 'election deadline', 'unincorporated arrangements', 'cash dividend', 'third-party interest', 'market risks', 'joint ventures', 'joint arrangements', 'Shell interest', 'The Board', 'ordinary share', 'US dollars', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'uncertificated form', 'financial institution', 'financial intermediary', 'useful purpose', 'significant influence', 'financial condition', 'historical fact', 'other things', 'potential exposure', 'joint operations', 'Shell plc', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'joint control', 'CAUTIONARY NOTE', 'particular entity', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'actual results', 'CREST members', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'other shareholders', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'June', 'respect', 'May', 'euros', 'contrary', 'persons', 'average', 'names', 'Register', 'Taxation', 'UK', 'Story', 'bank', 'broker', 'Americas', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'words', 'terms', 'associates', 'exclusion', 'meaning', 'businesses', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'goals', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6409,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/40440/big-banks-test-dlt-based-intraday-fx-swaps-and-repo-trading-platform,Big banks test DLT-based intraday FX swaps and repo trading platform,Teams from 14 banks  including Barclays  NatWest and Citi  have trialled a DLT-based intraday FX swap and repo trading platform from Finteum.,"Teams from 14 banks  including Barclays  NatWest and Citi  have trialled a DLT-based intraday FX swap and repo trading platform from Finteum.The platform  which promises to help banks manage intraday liquidity through the development of new interbank markets  is set to go live in 2023  with three of the trial participants already committed to participating.The platform  which uses R3's Corda enterprise blockchain  enables payment-vs-payment intraday FX swaps as well as delivery-vs-payment intraday repo transactions.For intraday repo  the trial assumed DvP settlement using Euroclear Bank’s existing triparty infrastructure. BNY Mellon’s triparty infrastructure can also be used to settle US dollar intraday repo transactions executed on the platform.Finteum claims it is one of the first interbank venues to offer FX swaps and repo alongside each other in the same platform  something which is valuable to bank treasury teams  which use these two markets interchangeably for funding.Brian Nolan  co-founder  Finteum  says: ""Given the rising interest rate environment  intraday markets play an important role in banks’ liquidity optimisation strategy. We are excited to continue working with the Key Participant banks and including more banks in the group  ahead of go-live in 2023.""",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.67,0.29,0.04,True,English,"['DLT-based intraday FX swaps', 'repo trading platform', 'Big banks', 'US dollar intraday repo transactions', 'rising interest rate environment', 'DLT-based intraday FX swap', 'payment intraday repo transactions', 'banks’ liquidity optimisation strategy', 'payment intraday FX swaps', 'Corda enterprise blockchain', 'first interbank venues', 'new interbank markets', 'existing triparty infrastructure', 'Key Participant banks', 'repo trading platform', 'intraday liquidity', 'intraday markets', 'two markets', 'DvP settlement', 'Euroclear Bank', 'BNY Mellon', 'Brian Nolan', 'important role', 'same platform', 'trial participants', 'treasury teams', '14 banks', 'Barclays', 'NatWest', 'Citi', 'Finteum', 'development', 'R3', 'vs', 'delivery', 'something', 'funding', 'founder', 'group']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finextra.com
6410,Euroclear,Bing API,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/finteum-natwest-group-bny-mellon-075500191.html,Finteum: NatWest Group  BNY Mellon  Barclays and 11 Additional Banks Trial Intraday FX Swap and Repo Trading Platform,Finteum Overview An explanation of how banks can leverage the Finteum Platform Fourteen large banks have trialled a platform for intraday FX swaps and intraday repo and a subset of so-called ‘Key Participant’ banks are planning to go liveIntraday FX swaps are an important innovation for banks ,FinteumFinteum OverviewAn explanation of how banks can leverage the Finteum PlatformFourteen large banks have trialled a platform for intraday FX swaps and intraday repo and a subset of so-called ‘Key Participant’ banks are planning to go liveIntraday FX swaps are an important innovation for banks  where traditionally the shortest tenor transactions are overnight FX swapsThe initiative has the potential to save each of the Key Participant banks millions of dollars every year and the Key Participant opportunity is open to all banksFX and Repo are among the world’s largest and most liquid marketsThe collaboration with Euroclear and the addition of Repo are exciting steps forward for the initiativeFinteum is improving on its DLT-based platform and expanding to DLT and non-DLT settlementLONDON  June 14  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Treasury and technology teams from fourteen large banking groups  including NatWest Group  BNY Mellon’s corporate treasury function  Barclays  Citi and 10 additional banks have trialled a platform by London-based fintech Finteum. The solution helps banks to manage intraday liquidity through the development of new interbank markets. The platform will go live in 2023.The platform enables payment-vs-payment intraday FX swaps as well as delivery-vs-payment intraday repo transactions. The banks were headquartered across Europe  North America and Asia and were joined by representatives from national prudential authorities and liquidity experts from UK Finance  the collective voice for the banking and finance industry  who observed. The combined balance sheets of the participating banks was $19.8 trillion - among the largest group of banks ever to trial a new piece of market infrastructure.Three large European banking groups  a subset of the 14 that participated in the trial  have already committed to go live on the Finteum Platform in Q2-Q3 2023  with real-money test trades expected later in 2022. These so-called ‘Key Participant’ banks also help to influence the development priorities of the Finteum initiative. Other banks are assessing participation to become Key Participants following this latest trial  and the opportunity is open to all banks.Story continuesIn 2022  the Finteum Platform added intraday repo alongside intraday FX swaps due to interest from banks  which was an important change. For intraday repo  the trial assumed DvP settlement using Euroclear Bank’s existing triparty infrastructure  which would enable settlement within minutes without any tokenisation. BNY Mellon’s triparty infrastructure can also be used to settle U.S. dollar intraday repo transactions executed on the Finteum Platform. The Finteum Platform is one of the first interbank venues to offer FX swaps and repo alongside each other in the same platform. Bank treasury teams use these two markets interchangeably for funding.Using intraday markets  banks can borrow for hours at a time  enabling them to efficiently meet a temporary liquidity need. This helps them to safely optimise intraday liquidity buffers  which have been in focus since Basel III. In a poll of representatives across the 14 banks during the trial  59% said that  given the rising interest rate environment  liquidity optimisation was a high priority for 2022/3  with a further 19% responding it was higher priority than 2021. For the Key Participant banks  the Finteum initiative is an important component of their liquidity optimisation strategy  predicting it will reduce each Key Participant bank’s costs by millions of dollars per year. Banks can also use intraday markets to lend excess funds  representing a new revenue stream.FX swaps is among the largest markets in the world with more than $3.2 trillion of daily volume  according to the Bank for International Settlements. Repo volumes may be more than €3 trillion daily  according to the International Capital Market Association. However  for most market participants  overnight is still the shortest tenor in both markets. The Finteum Platform uses R3's Corda enterprise blockchain  along with the best possible settlement solutions  to deliver its market-first intraday FX swaps execution service  and for intraday repo. The settlement rails could include DLT-based technology such as the Fnality Payment System and non-DLT technology such as Euroclear Bank’s triparty infrastructure.During the trial  the banks engaged in simulated trading and discussion sessions  focused on the capabilities and features of the software  and its potential benefits. Over the course of one of the hour-long trading sessions the banks executed 96 simulated intraday FX swap and repo transactions  based on 75 simulated orders in a central limit order book and 165 bilateral RFQs  with a simulated total of $11.1bn traded.Brian Nolan  Finteum co-founder  said: “Given the rising interest rate environment  intraday markets play an important role in banks’ liquidity optimisation strategy. We are excited to continue working with the Key Participant banks and including more banks in the group  ahead of go-live in 2023.”Finteum raised angel funding and will close a seed funding round shortly to deliver on the go-live.Contact: info@finteum.comA photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/228bbeb6-1b10-4313-8690-d178d281196f,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.71,0.26,0.03,True,English,"['11 Additional Banks Trial Intraday FX Swap', 'Repo Trading Platform', 'NatWest Group', 'BNY Mellon', 'Finteum', 'Barclays', 'market-first intraday FX swaps execution service', 'U.S. dollar intraday repo transactions', 'Three large European banking groups', 'central limit order book', 'fourteen large banking groups', 'rising interest rate environment', 'best possible settlement solutions', 'International Capital Market Association', '96 simulated intraday FX swap', 'banks’ liquidity optimisation strategy', 'Fourteen large banks', 'national prudential authorities', 'real-money test trades', 'first interbank venues', 'Corda enterprise blockchain', 'temporary liquidity need', 'new revenue stream', 'intraday liquidity buffers', 'shortest tenor transactions', 'most market participants', 'corporate treasury function', 'overnight FX swaps', 'Key Participant bank', 'London-based fintech Finteum', 'hour-long trading sessions', 'Key Participant opportunity', 'new interbank markets', 'Key Participant’ banks', 'existing triparty infrastructure', 'Fnality Payment System', 'Bank treasury teams', 'The Finteum Platform', 'Key Participants', 'market infrastructure', 'International Settlements', 'simulated trading', 'intraday markets', 'liquidity experts', 'new piece', 'technology teams', 'discussion sessions', '75 simulated orders', 'simulated total', 'DvP settlement', 'settlement rails', 'Repo volumes', 'Finteum Overview', 'important innovation', 'liquid markets', 'exciting steps', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'BNY Mellon', 'North America', 'UK Finance', 'collective voice', 'finance industry', 'balance sheets', 'important change', 'two markets', 'Basel III', 'high priority', 'higher priority', 'important component', 'excess funds', 'daily volume', 'DLT-based technology', '165 bilateral RFQs', 'Brian Nolan', 'important role', 'DLT settlement', 'Euroclear Bank', 'DLT-based platform', 'same platform', '10 additional banks', 'participating banks', 'Other banks', 'NatWest Group', 'largest markets', 'DLT technology', 'development priorities', 'Finteum initiative', 'potential benefits', 'largest group', 'latest trial', '14 banks', 'explanation', 'subset', 'millions', 'dollars', 'world', 'collaboration', 'June', 'Barclays', 'vs', 'delivery', 'Asia', 'representatives', 'Q2-Q3', 'participation', 'Story', 'minutes', 'tokenisation', 'funding', 'hours', 'time', 'focus', 'poll', 'costs', 'year', 'R3', 'capabilities', 'features', 'software', 'course', 'founder', '2022']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,ca.sports.yahoo.com
6411,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,CrossFirst in Kansas buying Central Bancorp to move into Colorado  Mexico #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/hJvpSlx91x #regtech,nan,CrossFirst in Kansas buying Central Bancorp to move into Colorado  Mexico #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/hJvpSlx91x #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Central Bancorp', 'CrossFirst', 'Kansas', 'Colorado', 'Mexico', 'Fintech', 'hJvpSlx91x', 'regtech', 'Central Bancorp', 'CrossFirst', 'Kansas', 'Colorado', 'Mexico', 'Fintech', 'hJvpSlx91x', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6412,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Wendy Cai-Lee runs Piermont Bank like a fintech with a bank charter #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/fgKbmOFokR #regtech,nan,Wendy Cai-Lee runs Piermont Bank like a fintech with a bank charter #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/fgKbmOFokR #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Wendy Cai-Lee', 'Piermont Bank', 'bank charter', 'fintech', 'fgKbmOFokR', 'regtech', 'Wendy Cai-Lee', 'Piermont Bank', 'bank charter', 'fintech', 'fgKbmOFokR', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6413,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,To serve communities  banks need the ability to grow #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/qe2hAiIFAE #regtech,nan,To serve communities  banks need the ability to grow #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/qe2hAiIFAE #regtech,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['communities', 'banks', 'ability', 'Fintech', 'qe2hAiIFAE', 'regtech', 'communities', 'banks', 'ability', 'Fintech', 'qe2hAiIFAE', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6414,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,How Western Union is using gig-economy tech to be more like a bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Fo79OIebVf #regtech,nan,How Western Union is using gig-economy tech to be more like a bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Fo79OIebVf #regtech,neutral,0.05,0.84,0.11,neutral,0.05,0.84,0.11,True,English,"['Western Union', 'gig-economy tech', 'bank', 'Fintech', 'Fo79OIebVf', 'regtech', 'Western Union', 'gig-economy tech', 'bank', 'Fintech', 'Fo79OIebVf', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6415,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@McFaul The point is in sanctions  mr McFaul. Why wasn’t US switched off from SWIFT  Visa  Mastercard and Euroclear in 2003?,nan,@McFaul The point is in sanctions  mr McFaul. Why wasn’t US switched off from SWIFT  Visa  Mastercard and Euroclear in 2003?,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['mr McFaul', 'point', 'sanctions', 'US', 'SWIFT', 'Visa', 'Mastercard', 'Euroclear', 'mr McFaul', 'point', 'sanctions', 'US', 'SWIFT', 'Visa', 'Mastercard', 'Euroclear']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6416,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Open banking specialist Yapily appoints new CTO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/45hoSn6wlY #regtech,nan,Open banking specialist Yapily appoints new CTO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/45hoSn6wlY #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Open banking specialist', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'new CTO', 'Yapily', 'Fintech', '45hoSn6wlY', 'regtech', 'Open banking specialist', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'new CTO', 'Yapily', 'Fintech', '45hoSn6wlY', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6417,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Jewel Bank  a new digital asset bank  launches in Bermuda #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/e4fLpbfbyj #regtech,nan,Jewel Bank  a new digital asset bank  launches in Bermuda #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/e4fLpbfbyj #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset bank', 'Jewel Bank', 'Bermuda', 'Fintech', 'e4fLpbfbyj', 'regtech', 'new digital asset bank', 'Jewel Bank', 'Bermuda', 'Fintech', 'e4fLpbfbyj', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6418,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New financial planning start-up Fruitful raises $33m in funding #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/9uvJtYlxO2 #regtech,nan,New financial planning start-up Fruitful raises $33m in funding #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/9uvJtYlxO2 #regtech,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['New financial planning start-up', 'Fruitful', 'funding', 'Fintech', '9uvJtYlxO2', 'regtech', 'New financial planning start-up', 'Fruitful', 'funding', 'Fintech', '9uvJtYlxO2', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6419,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Virgin Money partners SurePay to implement Confirmation of Payee #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/OHJL55jmgX #regtech,nan,Virgin Money partners SurePay to implement Confirmation of Payee #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/OHJL55jmgX #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Virgin Money partners', 'SurePay', 'Confirmation', 'Payee', 'Fintech', 'OHJL55jmgX', 'regtech', 'Virgin Money partners', 'SurePay', 'Confirmation', 'Payee', 'Fintech', 'OHJL55jmgX', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6420,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Layoffs and hires: Curve  Gemini and Citigroup #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ougMfY4kS4 #regtech,nan,Layoffs and hires: Curve  Gemini and Citigroup #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ougMfY4kS4 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.85,0.13,neutral,0.02,0.85,0.13,True,English,"['Layoffs', 'hires', 'Curve', 'Gemini', 'Citigroup', 'Fintech', 'ougMfY4kS4', 'regtech', 'Layoffs', 'hires', 'Curve', 'Gemini', 'Citigroup', 'Fintech', 'ougMfY4kS4', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6421,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,When will depositors start shopping for higher rates? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/6BAVOLomLu #regtech,nan,When will depositors start shopping for higher rates? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/6BAVOLomLu #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['higher rates', 'depositors', 'shopping', 'Fintech', 'BAVOLomLu', 'regtech', 'higher rates', 'depositors', 'shopping', 'Fintech', 'BAVOLomLu', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6422,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,California finalizes long-awaited disclosures for small business loans #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/xln79yh7Qq #regtech,nan,California finalizes long-awaited disclosures for small business loans #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/xln79yh7Qq #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['small business loans', 'California', 'disclosures', 'Fintech', 'xln79yh7Qq', 'regtech', 'small business loans', 'California', 'disclosures', 'Fintech', 'xln79yh7Qq', 'regtech']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6423,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Digital banking should be the cornerstone of every small business’ tech strategy #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/xiNJpxgII6,nan,Digital banking should be the cornerstone of every small business’ tech strategy #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/xiNJpxgII6,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['small business’ tech strategy', 'Digital banking', 'cornerstone', 'Fintech', 'xiNJpxgII6', 'small business’ tech strategy', 'Digital banking', 'cornerstone', 'Fintech', 'xiNJpxgII6']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6424,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Alea_ @ibexsalad It is because their platform does not allow you to enter Euroclear trades  nor do you book transf… https://t.co/27IgizRXW0,nan,@Alea_ @ibexsalad It is because their platform does not allow you to enter Euroclear trades  nor do you book transf… https://t.co/27IgizRXW0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['Euroclear trades', 'platform', 'transf', 'IgizRXW0', 'Euroclear trades', 'platform', 'transf', 'IgizRXW0']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,Unknown
6425,Clearstream,Google API,https://indiandefencenews.info/69812/uncategorized/bio-neutral-polishing-enzyme-market-biggest-innovation-with-top-key-players-aachen-resonance-accura-medizintechnik-acrostak-cordis-alvimedica-degania-silicone-angioscore-arthesys-balton-clea/,Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme Market Biggest Innovation with Top Key Players -Aachen Resonance  Accura Medizintechnik  Acrostak  Cordis  Alvimedica  Degania Silicone  AngioScore  Arthesys  Balton  Clea,4 hours ago,The Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme report is an in-depth examination of the global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme’s general consumption structure  development trends  sales techniques  and top nations’ sales. The research looks at well-known providers in the global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme industry  as well as market segmentation  competition  and the macroeconomic climate. A complete Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme analysis takes into account a number of aspects  including a country’s population and business cycles  as well as market-specific microeconomic consequences. The global market research also includes a specific competition landscape section to help you better understand the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme industry. This information can help stakeholders make educated decisions before investing.Leading players of Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme including:Aachen Resonance  Accura Medizintechnik  Acrostak  Cordis  Alvimedica  Degania Silicone  AngioScore  Arthesys  Balton  Clearstream Technologies  Biotronik  BrosMed MedicalFree Sample Report + All Related Graphs & Charts @ https://www.accuracyreports.com/report-sample/19300The report is classified into multiple sections which consider the competitive environment  latest market events  technological developments  countries and regional details related to the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme. The section that details the pandemic impact  the recovery strategies  and the post-pandemic market performance of each actor is also included in the report. The key opportunities that may potentially support the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme are identified in the report. The report specifically focuses on the near term opportunities and strategies to realize its full potential. The uncertainties that are crucial for the market players to understand are included in the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme report.As a result of these issues  the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme industry has been hampered. Because of the industry’s small number of important enterprises  the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme area is heavily targeted. Customers would benefit from this research since they would be informed about the current Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme scenario. The most recent innovations  product news  product variants  and in-depth updates from industry specialists who have effectively leveraged Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme position are all included in this research study. Many firms would benefit from Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme research study in identifying and expanding their global demand. Micro and macro trends  important developments  and their usage and penetration across a wide variety of end-users are also included in the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme segment.The market analysis done with statistical tools also helps to analyze many aspects that include the demand  supply  storage costs  maintenance  profit  sales  and production details of the market. Furthermore  the global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme research report provides the details about the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme share  import volume  export volume  and the gross margin of the companies.Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme Segmentation by Type:Quick Exchange Type  Overall Exchange Type  Fixed Guide Wire Type  Perfusion Type.Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme Segmentation by Application:Biological Industry  Chemical IndustryBio-neutral Polishing Enzyme report answers some key questions:What is the expected growth of global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme after covid-19 vaccine or treatment is found?• What are the new business practices that can be implemented post-pandemic to remain competitive  agile  customer-centric  and collaborative in the global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme?• Which specific sectors are expected to drive growth in the global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme?• What are key government policies and interventions implemented by leading global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme countries to help further adoption or growth of Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme .• How have the market players or the leading global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme firms have addressed the challenges faced during the pandemic?• What growth opportunities the global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme offers?Access full Report Description  TOC  Table of Figure  Chart  etc. @ https://www.accuracyreports.com/reportdetails/reportviewith19300Highlights of the Report:The report provides Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme industry demand trends in Q1 and Q2 2021.• Individual circumstances of the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme segments are discussed in the report.• The report contains forward-looking information on risks and uncertainties.• The report studies the consumer-focused sectors of the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme.• The trade scenarios of the products and services in particular segments are detailed in the report along with regulation  taxes  and tariffs.• The trends that are impacting the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme for past few years are discussed in the report.• The report studies the potential impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme industry economy and performance of the market players in the same context.Table of Content:1 Scope of the Report1.1 Market Introduction1.2 Research Objectives1.3 Years Considered1.4 Market Research Methodology1.5 Economic Indicators1.6 Currency Considered2 Executive Summary3 Global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme by Players4 Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme by Regions4.1 Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme Size by Regions4.2 Americas Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme Size Growth4.3 APAC Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme Size Growth4.4 Europe Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme Size Growth4.5 Middle East & Africa Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme Size Growth5 Americas6 APAC7 Europe8 Middle East & Africa9 Market Drivers  Challenges and Trends9.1 Market Drivers and Impact9.1.1 Growing Demand from Key Regions9.1.2 Growing Demand from Key Applications and Potential Industries9.2 Market Challenges and Impact9.3 Market Trends10 Global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme Forecast11 Key Players Analysis12 Research Findings and ConclusionPlease click here today to buy full report @ https://www.accuracyreports.com/checkout/19300Accuracy Reports is the number one publisher in the world and have published more than 2 million reports across globe. Fortune 500 companies are working with us. Also helping small players to know the market and focusing on consulting.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.22,0.56,True,English,"['Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme Market Biggest Innovation', 'Top Key Players', 'Aachen Resonance', 'Accura Medizintechnik', 'Degania Silicone', 'Acrostak', 'Cordis', 'Alvimedica', 'AngioScore', 'Arthesys', 'Balton', 'Clea', 'leading global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme firms', 'leading global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme countries', 'current Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme scenario', 'global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme research report', 'Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme industry demand trends', 'complete Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme analysis', 'global Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme industry', 'The Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme report', 'Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme research study', 'Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme area', 'Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme position', 'Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme segment', 'Bio-neutral Polishing Enzyme share', 'Fixed Guide Wire Type', 'Access full Report Description', 'specific competition landscape section', 'global market research', 'general consumption structure', 'market-specific microeconomic consequences', 'Quick Exchange Type', 'Overall Exchange Type', 'new business practices', 'near term opportunities', 'key government policies', 'latest market events', 'post-pandemic market performance', 'top nations’ sales', 'global demand', 'Free Sample Report', 'Leading players', 'Many firms', 'market analysis', 'industry specialists', 'Biological Industry', 'Chemical Industry', 'full potential', 'specific sectors', 'particular segments', 'development trends', 'macro trends', 'key opportunities', 'Perfusion Type', 'business cycles', 'key questions', 'market players', 'depth examination', 'sales techniques', 'macroeconomic climate', 'Aachen Resonance', 'Accura Medizintechnik', 'Degania Silicone', 'Clearstream Technologies', 'BrosMed Medical', 'Related Graphs', 'multiple sections', 'competitive environment', 'technological developments', 'important enterprises', 'recent innovations', 'product news', 'product variants', 'depth updates', 'important developments', 'wide variety', 'statistical tools', 'storage costs', 'import volume', 'export volume', 'gross margin', 'covid-19 vaccine', 'Individual circumstances', 'consumer-focused sectors', 'trade scenarios', 'potential impact', 'growth opportunities', 'regional details', 'pandemic impact', 'production details', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'recovery strategies', 'small number', 'many aspects', 'expected growth', 'forward-looking information', 'segmentation', 'known', 'providers', 'account', 'country', 'population', 'stakeholders', 'decisions', 'Acrostak', 'Cordis', 'Alvimedica', 'AngioScore', 'Arthesys', 'Balton', 'Biotronik', 'Charts', 'accuracyreports', 'actor', 'uncertainties', 'result', 'issues', 'Customers', 'usage', 'penetration', 'end-users', 'supply', 'maintenance', 'profit', 'companies', 'Application', 'treatment', 'interventions', 'adoption', 'challenges', 'TOC', 'Table', 'Figure', 'reportdetails', 'reportview', 'Highlights', 'Q1', 'Q2', 'risks', 'products', 'services', 'regulation', 'taxes', 'tariffs', 'past', 'years']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,indiandefencenews.info
6426,Clearstream,Google API,https://indiandefencenews.info/88657/uncategorized/self-expanding-stents-market-size-development-data-growth-analysis-forecast-2022-to-2028-abbott-clearstream-andramed-aesculap-braile-stryker-ella-cs-biotronik-balton-cordis-insitu/,Abbott  Clearstream  Andramed  Aesculap  Braile  Stryker  ELLA-CS  Biotronik  Balton  Cordis  InSitu  … – Indian Defence News,4 hours ago,The Self Expanding Stents Market Research Survey covers the quantitative and qualitative analysis of each type to identify the driving forces behind the fastest growing type segment in the Self Expanding Stents market. The Self Expanding Stents market’s competitive image includes supplier details along with market potential  company overview  presence  Self Expanding Stents market’s product sales and revenue  the company’s total revenue  market shares  price  SWOT analysis  production sites and product launch facilities.This research study breaks down sales  revenue and market share for each Self Expanding Stents for each player. The document studies the dynamics of the parent market  macroeconomic measurement values ââand control components from top to bottom. In addition  the study examines the subjective impact of various market aspects on the divisions and geologies of the Self Expanding Stents market.Key Drivers & Barriers:High-impact factors and rendering engines have been studied in the Self Expanding Stents market report to help readers understand the overall development. In addition  the report contains restrictions and challenges that may stand in the way of players. This will help users pay attention and make informed business-related decisions. The specialists also looked at the next business outlook.Get Full PDF Sample Copy of Report: (Including Full TOC  List of Tables & Figures  Chart) @ https://reportsglobe.com/download-sample/?rid=135703In its latest report  ReportsGlobe offers a comprehensive overview of the Self Expanding Stents market with an emphasis on keyword dynamics including driving forces  constraints  opportunities  trends and detailed information on Self Expanding Stents market structure. Self Expanding Stents’s market sales in the global market will increase as activities and advanced technology increase. With the outbreak of covid-19  companies have become very dependent on digital platforms to survive.The major players covered in Self Expanding Stents Markets:AbbottClearstreamAndramedAesculapBraileStrykerELLA-CSBiotronikBaltonCordisInSituMicroVentionEndo-FlexPhenoxiVascularHEXACATHEndocorPauldrachMedinolEucatechRontisStentys Self Expanding Stents Market Breakdown by Type:MentalPlastic Self Expanding Stents Market breakdown by application:Peripheral Nervous SystemDigestive SystemArtery,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.27,0.37,True,English,"['Indian Defence News', 'Abbott', 'Clearstream', 'Andramed', 'Aesculap', 'Braile', 'Stryker', 'ELLA-CS', 'Biotronik', 'Balton', 'Cordis', 'InSitu', 'Mental Plastic Self Expanding Stents Market breakdown', 'The Self Expanding Stents Market Research Survey', 'Stentys Self Expanding Stents Market Breakdown', 'Self Expanding Stents market report', 'Self Expanding Stents Markets', 'Expanding Stents market structure', 'fastest growing type segment', 'Full PDF Sample Copy', 'various market aspects', 'macroeconomic measurement values', 'informed business-related decisions', 'next business outlook', 'Aesculap Braile Stryker', 'Biotronik Balton Cordis', 'product launch facilities', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'research study', 'market shares', 'parent market', 'global market', 'market sales', 'Full TOC', 'Digestive System', 'latest report', 'product sales', 'qualitative analysis', 'competitive image', 'supplier details', 'SWOT analysis', 'production sites', 'subjective impact', 'Key Drivers', 'High-impact factors', 'rendering engines', 'overall development', 'comprehensive overview', 'detailed information', 'advanced technology', 'digital platforms', 'Clearstream Andramed', 'Phenox iVascular', 'Eucatech Rontis', 'company overview', 'keyword dynamics', 'driving forces', 'major players', 'total revenue', 'quantitative', 'potential', 'presence', 'price', 'document', 'control', 'components', 'top', 'bottom', 'addition', 'divisions', 'geologies', 'Barriers', 'readers', 'restrictions', 'challenges', 'way', 'users', 'attention', 'specialists', 'Tables', 'Figures', 'Chart', 'reportsglobe', 'emphasis', 'constraints', 'opportunities', 'trends', 'activities', 'outbreak', 'covid', 'companies', 'Abbott', 'ELLA-CS', 'InSitu', 'MicroVention', 'Endo-Flex', 'HEXACATH', 'Endocor', 'Pauldrach', 'Medinol', 'application', 'Artery']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,indiandefencenews.info
6427,Clearstream,Google API,https://xaralite.com/503221/news/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-will-record-massive-growth-trend-analysis-and-forecast-till-2032-bolton-medical-inc-jotec-gmbh-clearstream-technologies-ltd/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market will Record Massive Growth  Trend Analysis and Forecast till 2032,10 hours ago,insightSLICE publicize new report on the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market. The Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry report contains useful information about factors  such as domain restraints  drivers  and opportunities. In addition  the report provides an in-depth review of industry developments and trends in the industry that are influencing the Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry growth. Additionally  the database analyzes and estimates the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market both globally and regionally.Click Here to Access the Free Sample Report @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791Our Free Sample Reports Includes:In-depth Industry Analysis  Introduction  Overview  and COVID-19 Pandemic Outbreak.Impact Analysis 150 + Pages Research Report (Including latest research)Provide chapter-wise guidance on request 2022 Updated Regional Analysis with Graphical Representation of Trends  Size  & Share  Includes Updated List of figures and tables.Updated Report Includes Major Industry Players with their Sales Volume  Business Strategy and Revenue Analysis by using insightSLICE methodology.Competitive IntelligenceThe Competitive intelligence provides an outlook analysis of the various business growth strategies adopted by the vendors. The news covered in this section delivers valuable findings at different regional levels. Strategic developments such as Merger & Acquisition  Agreement  Collaboration  & Partnership  New Product Launch & Enhancement  Investment & Funding  and Award  Recognition  & Expansion. All the news collected help vendor to understand the gaps in the industry place and competitor’s strength and weakness thereby  providing insights to enhance product and service.Prominent Players in the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market: Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.The latest report by insightSLICE includes the detailed study of various Industry determinants such as key product launches  regional study  domain demand  government initiatives  etc. Moreover  it describes the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the domain with the help of graphs and data.Market Share AnalysisThe industry share analysis offers the analysis of vendors considering their contribution to the overall domain. It provides the idea of its revenue generation into the overall industry compared to other vendors in the space. It provides insights into how vendors are performing in terms of revenue generation and customer base compared to others. Knowing domian share offers an idea of the size and competitiveness of the vendors for the base year. It reveals the domain characteristics in terms of accumulation  fragmentation  dominance  and amalgamation traits.You can ask questions about the study or express your concerns about it here @ https://www.insightslice.com/speak-to-analyst/791Segmentations Overview:The latest industry study on the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market by insightSLICE gives a detailed segmentation for the forecast period of 2022-2032. In order to gain a better perspective of the global insect-based Peripheral Vascular Devices domain potential  its growth  trends  and opportunities  the industry is segmented on the basis of:Regional Assessment:The global Peripheral Vascular Devices industry is geographically distributed into four major regions  namely Europe  Asia Pacific  North America  South America  Europe and Middle East & Africa  that are subject to direct developments over a projected timeline. It will also provide recorded revenues by these given regions. Additionally  the Peripheral Vascular Devices report will also include specific insights into various developments  on a country- and local-level  as well as potential domain constraints and other revenue growth hindrances.Market Share AnalysisThe industry share analysis offers the analysis of vendors considering their contribution to the overall domain. It provides the idea of its revenue generation into the overall industry compared to other vendors in the space. It provides insights into how vendors are performing in terms of revenue generation and customer base compared to others. Knowing domain share offers an idea of the size and competitiveness of the vendors for the base year. It reveals the domain characteristics in terms of accumulation  fragmentation  dominance  and amalgamation traits.KEY BENEFITS FOR STAKEHOLDERSThis report provides an extensive analysis of the current & emerging market trends and dynamics of the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market.In-depth analysis of all regions is conducted by constructing the domain estimations for key segments from 2022 to 2032 to identify the prevailing opportunities.The report assists to understand the strategies adopted by the companies for market expansion.This study evaluates the competitive landscape to understand the domain scenario across various regions.Extensive analysis is conducted by following key player positioning and monitoring the top competitors within the market framework.* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *You Can Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USA,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.59,0.24,0.18,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Massive Growth', 'Trend Analysis', 'Forecast', 'global insect-based Peripheral Vascular Devices domain potential', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'The Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry report', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'global Peripheral Vascular Devices industry', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry growth', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices report', 'William Cook Europe ApS', 'other revenue growth hindrances', 'various business growth strategies', 'potential domain constraints', 'The Competitive intelligence', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'various Industry determinants', 'Knowing domian share', 'Market Share Analysis', 'different regional levels', 'Major Industry Players', 'Free Sample Reports', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'Knowing domain share', 'emerging market trends', 'COVID-19 Pandemic Outbreak', 'Pages Research Report', 'industry share analysis', 'New Product Launch', 'key product launches', 'four major regions', 'depth Industry Analysis', '2022 Updated Regional Analysis', 'latest industry study', 'Jotec GmbH', 'market expansion', 'new report', 'Business Strategy', 'various developments', 'industry developments', 'industry place', 'overall industry', 'latest research', 'Updated Report', 'latest report', 'Revenue Analysis', 'depth analysis', 'domain restraints', 'Prominent Players', 'domain demand', 'overall domain', 'domain characteristics', 'Regional Assessment', 'domain estimations', 'domain scenario', 'depth review', 'Updated List', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'revenue generation', 'KEY BENEFITS', 'key segments', 'competitive landscape', 'outlook analysis', 'extensive analysis', 'regional study', 'useful information', 'chapter-wise guidance', 'Graphical Representation', 'Sales Volume', 'valuable findings', 'Strategic developments', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'government initiatives', 'customer base', 'base year', 'amalgamation traits', 'detailed segmentation', 'forecast period', 'Asia Pacific', 'North America', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'direct developments', 'other vendors', 'Impact Analysis', 'detailed study', 'prevailing opportunities', 'specific insights', 'insightSLICE methodology', 'factors', 'drivers', 'addition', 'database', 'request', 'Introduction', 'Overview', 'Size', 'figures', 'tables', 'news', 'section', 'Merger', 'Acquisition', 'Agreement', 'Collaboration', 'Partnership', 'Enhancement', 'Investment', 'Funding', 'Award', 'Recognition', 'gaps', 'competitor', 'strength', 'weakness', 'service', 'Bosto', 'others', 'help', 'graphs', 'contribution', 'idea', 'space', 'terms', 'competitiveness', 'accumulation', 'fragmentation', 'dominance', 'questions', 'concerns', 'analyst', 'Segmentations', 'order', 'perspective', 'basis', 'Africa', 'timeline', 'revenues', 'local-level', 'STAKEHOLDERS', 'current', 'dynamics', 'companies']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,xaralite.com
6428,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+TORONTO+DOMINION+BANK/20207119.html,Form 424B2 TORONTO DOMINION BANK,1 day ago,Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)Registration Statement No. 333-262557Pricing Supplement dated June 10  2022 to theProspectus Supplement dated March 4  2022 andProspectus dated March 4  2022The Toronto-Dominion Bank $4 082 000 Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due June 15  2024The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD” or “we”) has offered the Callable Fixed Rate Notes due June 15  2024 (the “ Notes ”) described below.CUSIP / ISIN: 89114X2M4 / US89114X2M40The Notes will accrue interest at a fixed rate of 3.375% per annum from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.TD will pay interest on the Notes quarterly on the 15 th calendar day of each March  June  September and December (each an “Interest Payment Date”)  commencing on September 15  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date or Optional Redemption Date (if applicable).TD may  at its option  elect to redeem the Notes in whole  but not in part  on the 15 th calendar day of each March  June  September and December (each  an “Optional Redemption Date”)  upon five Business Days’ prior written notice  commencing on December 15  2023 and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date.Any payments on the Notes are subject to the credit risk of TD. The Notes are unsecured and are not savings accounts or insured deposits of a bank. The Notes are not insured or guaranteed by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “CDIC”)  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality of Canada or the United States.The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus.The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network.Investment in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Additional Risk Factors” beginning on page P-6 herein  “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-4 of the prospectus supplement dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus supplement”) and “Risk Factors” beginning on page 1 of the prospectus dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus”).Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these Notes or passed upon the accuracy or the adequacy of this document  the accompanying prospectus or prospectus supplement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.We will deliver the Notes in book-entry only form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company on the Issue Date  against payment in immediately available funds.Original Offering Price Underwriting Discount(1) Proceeds to TD(1) Per Note $1 000.00 $6.3396(2) $993.6604(2) Total $4 082 000.00 $25 878.25 $4 056 121.75(1) TD Securities (USA) LLC (“TDS”) will receive an Underwriting Discount of up to $10.10 per Note and  from such Underwriting Discount  will allow a portion of that amount to Wells Fargo Securities  LLC (“Wells Fargo Securities” and  together with TDS  the “Agents”). The Agents may allow selected dealers a selling concession of up to $8.10 per Note depending on market conditions that are relevant to the value of the Notes at the time an order to purchase the Notes is submitted to the agent. Such securities dealers may include Wells Fargo Advisors (“WFA”  the trade name of the retail brokerage business of Wells Fargo Clearing Services  LLC and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network  LLC)  an affiliate of Wells Fargo Securities. The per-Note Underwriting Discount in the table above represents the average Underwriting Discount payable per Note. The total Underwriting Discount in the table above gives effect to the actual proceeds to TD. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” in the prospectus supplement for further information including information regarding how we may hedge our obligations under the Notes and offering expenses. Wells Fargo Securities  LLC  a wholly owned subsidiary of Wells Fargo & Company  is an agent for the distribution of the Notes and is acting as principal. TD will reimburse TDS for certain expenses in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes  and TD will pay TDS a fee in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” in this pricing supplement.(2) Rounded to the nearest hundredth of a cent.TD Securities (USA) LLC Wells Fargo Securities  LLCSummaryThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.Issuer: The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD” or the “Bank”) Issue: Senior Debt Securities  Series D Original Offering Price: $1 000 per Note. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” herein. Type of Note: Callable Fixed Rate Notes CUSIP / ISIN: 89114X2M4 / US89114X2M40 Agents: TD Securities (USA) LLC (“TDS”) and Wells Fargo Securities  LLC (“Wells Fargo Securities” and  together with TDS  the “Agents”). TDS has agreed to purchase the Notes from TD at the Original Offering Price less an Underwriting Discount of up to the Underwriting Discount set forth on the cover hereof and will allow a portion of that amount to Wells Fargo Securities. The Agents may resell the Notes to other securities dealers  including securities dealers acting as custodians  at the Principal Amount less a concession not in excess of $8.10 per Note. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” herein. Currency: U.S. Dollars Minimum Investment: $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof. Principal Amount & Denominations: $1 000 per Note. The Notes will be issued in denominations of $1 000 per Note and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. Issue Price: 100% of the Principal Amount per Note Pricing Date: June 10  2022 Issue Date: June 15  2022  which is the third DTC settlement day following the Pricing Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “Exchange Act”)  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two DTC settlement days (“T+2”)  unless the parties to a trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade the Notes in the secondary market on any date prior to two DTC settlement days before delivery of the Notes will be required  by virtue of the fact that each Note initially will settle in three DTC settlement days (“T+3”)  to specify alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement of the secondary market trade. Maturity Date: June 15  2024   subject to Optional Redemption by TD  as set forth below under “Optional Redemption” prior to the Maturity Date. The Notes are not subject to repayment at the option of any holder of the Notes prior to the Maturity Date. Payment at Maturity: 100% of the Principal Amount of your Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest. Interest Rate: 3.375% per annum  payable on each Interest Payment Date  in arrears Interest Payment Dates: Quarterly  on the 15th calendar day of each March  June  September and December   commencing on September 15  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date or Optional Redemption Date (if applicable). If a scheduled Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day  interest payments will be paid on the next following Business Day without any adjustment to the Interest Payment or any Interest Period. Interest Period: With respect to an Interest Payment Date  the period from  and including  the previous Interest Payment Date (or the Issue Date in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) to  but excluding  the next applicable Interest Payment Date. Day Count Fraction: 30/360 For the avoidance of doubt  each month is deemed to have 30 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days. Therefore  each Interest Period will be deemed to have 90 days and each year will be deemed to have 360 days  resulting in equal interest payments for each Interest Period.Optional Redemption: The Notes are redeemable by TD  in whole  but not in part  on any Optional Redemption Date at 100% of their Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any) from  and including  the previous Interest Payment Date to  but excluding  the applicable Optional Redemption Date. TD will provide written notice to DTC at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable Optional Redemption Date. In the event TD gives notice to DTC of its intention to redeem the Notes  the decision to give such notice will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions if such redemption would lead to a breach of TD’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity requirements. Optional Redemption Dates: Quarterly  on the 15th calendar day of each March  June  September and December   commencing on December 15  2023 and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. If an Optional Redemption Date is not a Business Day  then the Notes will be redeemed on the next Business Day and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Business Day: Any day that is a Monday  Tuesday  Wednesday  Thursday or Friday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law to close in New York City. U.S. Tax Treatment: The Notes should be treated as fixed rate debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes  as discussed further herein under “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”. Canadian Tax Treatment: Please see the discussion under the caption “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus  which applies to your Notes. Calculation Agent: TD Listing: The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. Clearance and Settlement: DTC global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg) as described under “Description of the Debt Securities—Forms of the Debt Securities” and “Ownership  Book-Entry Procedures and Settlement” in the prospectus. Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing above the item captioned “Listing” above and the terms appearing under the caption “Description of the Notes We May Offer” in the prospectus supplement  as modified by this pricing supplement. Canadian Bail-in Powers: The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers. Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Canadian Bail-in Powers: By its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to (i) agree to be bound  in respect of the Notes  by the CDIC Act  including the conversion of the Notes  in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the Notes in consequence  and by the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes; (ii) attorn and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and those laws; and (iii) acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii)  above  are binding on that holder or beneficial owner despite any provisions in the indenture or the Notes  any other law that governs the Notes and any other agreement  arrangement or understanding between that holder or beneficial owner and the Bank with respect to the Notes. Holders and beneficial owners of Notes will have no further rights in respect of their bail-inable debt securities to the extent those bail-inable debt securities are converted in a bail-in conversion  other than those provided under the bail-in regime  and by its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the converted portion of the Principal Amount of that Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon being deemed paidin full by the Bank by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or  if applicable  any of its affiliates) upon the occurrence of a bail-in conversion  which bail-in conversion will occur without any further action on the part of that holder or beneficial owner or the trustee; provided that  for the avoidance of doubt  this consent will not limit or otherwise affect any rights that holders or beneficial owners may have under the bail-in regime. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.Additional Terms of Your NotesYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement  relating to our Senior Debt Securities  Series D  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement will have the meanings given to them in the prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this pricing supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this pricing supplement carefully.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Additional Risk Factors” of this pricing supplement and “Risk Factors” of the prospectus supplement and the prospectus  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors concerning an investment in the Notes. You may access these documents on the SEC website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):◾ Prospectus dated March 4  2022:◾ Prospectus Supplement dated March 4  2022:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 0000947263. As used in this pricing supplement  the “Bank ” “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries.We reserve the right to change the terms of  or reject any offer to purchase  the Notes prior to their issuance. In the event of any changes to the terms of the Notes  we will notify you and you will be asked to accept such changes in connection with your purchase. You may also choose to reject such changes  in which case we may reject your offer to purchase.Additional Risk FactorsThe Notes involve risks not associated with an investment in ordinary fixed rate notes. This section describes the most significant risks relating to the terms of the Notes. For additional information as to these risks  please see the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.Investors should consult their investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors as to the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and the suitability of the Notes in light of their particular circumstances.Risks Relating to Structure and Credit CharacteristicsBecause the Notes Accrue Interest at a Fixed Interest Rate  the Amount of Interest Payable on Your Notes on Each Interest Payment Date May be Below Market Interest Rates.Because interest payable on your Notes accrues at a fixed interest rate  there can be no guarantee that the interest you will receive on one or more Interest Payment Dates will be equal to or greater than the market interest rate on such dates. We have no control over market interest rates or a number of factors that may affect market interest rates  including economic  financial  political and other events that are important in determining the existence  magnitude and longevity of these risks and their results. You should have a view as to the Interest Rate on the Notes and its level relative to market interest rates over the term of the Notes.Investors Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Our Credit Ratings and Credit Spreads May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the Notes.Investors are dependent on TD’s ability to pay all amounts due on the Notes on an Optional Redemption Date  Interest Payment Date and the Maturity Date  and  therefore  investors are subject to the credit risk of TD and to changes in the market’s view of TD’s creditworthiness. Any decrease in TD’s credit ratings or increase in the credit spreads charged by the market for taking TD’s credit risk is likely to adversely affect the market value of the Notes. If TD becomes unable to meet its financial obligations as they become due  investors may not receive any amounts due under the terms of the Notes.The Notes will be Subject to Risks  Including Conversion in Whole or in Part — by Means of a Transaction or Series of Transactions and in One or More Steps — into Common Shares of TD or Any of its Affiliates  Under Canadian Bank Resolution Powers.Under Canadian bank resolution powers  the CDIC may  in circumstances where TD has ceased  or is about to cease  to be viable  assume temporary control or ownership of TD and may be granted broad powers by one or more orders of the Governor in Council (Canada)  including the power to sell or dispose of all or a part of the assets of TD  and the power to carry out or cause TD to carry out a transaction or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of TD. If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to TD  this could result in holders or beneficial owners of the Notes being exposed to losses and conversion of the Notes in whole or in part — by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps — into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates.As a result  you should consider the risk that you may lose all or part of your investment  including the Principal Amount plus any accrued interest  if the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers  including the bail-in regime  and that any remaining outstanding Notes  or common shares of TD or any of its affiliates into which the Notes are converted  may be of little value at the time of a bail-in conversion and thereafter. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Notes Are Subject to Early Redemption at TD’s Option.TD has the option to redeem the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date  as set forth above. It is more likely that we will redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date in the event that the interest payable on the Notes is greater than the interest that would be payable on our other instruments of a comparable maturity  terms and credit rating trading in the market. If the Notes are redeemed prior to the Maturity Date  you may have to re-invest the proceeds in a lower rate environment.Risks Relating to Valuation and LiquidityThe Underwriting Discount  Offering Expenses and Certain Hedging Costs Are Likely to Adversely Affect Secondary Market Prices.Assuming no changes in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell the Notes will likely be less than the Original Offering Price. The Original Offering Price includes  and any price quoted to you is likely to exclude  the Underwriting Discount paid in connection with the initial distribution  offering expenses as well as the cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes. In addition  any such price is also likely to reflect dealer discounts  mark-ups and other transaction costs  such as a discount to account for costs associated with establishing or unwinding any related hedge transaction.There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes — Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses.There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. The Agents and their respective affiliates may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. The Agents and their respective affiliates may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and ask prices for your Notes in any secondary market couldbe substantial. If you sell your Notes before the Maturity Date  you may have to do so at a substantial discount from the Original Offering Price  and as a result  you may suffer substantial losses.The Temporary Price at Which the Agents May Initially Buy The Notes in the Secondary Market May Exceed Other Secondary Market Values and  Depending on Your Broker  the Valuation Provided on Your Customer Account Statements May Not Be Indicative of Future Prices of Your Notes.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Agents may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market (if the Agents make a market in the Notes  which it is not obligated to do) may  for a temporary period after the Pricing Date of the Notes  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes  as discussed further under “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest).” During this temporary period such prices may  depending on your broker  be greater than the valuation provided on your customer account statements; you should inquire with your broker as to the valuation provided on your customer account statement. The price at which the Agents may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market may not be indicative of future prices of your Notes.Risks Relating to Canadian and U.S. Federal Income TaxationSignificant Aspects of the Tax Treatment of the Notes May Be Uncertain.The U.S. tax treatment of the Notes may be uncertain. Please read carefully the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” below. You should consult your tax advisor about your tax situation.For a discussion of the Canadian federal income tax consequences of investing in the Notes  please see “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus. If you are not a Non-resident Holder (as that term is defined in “Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus) for Canadian federal income tax purposes or if you acquire the Notes in the secondary market  you should consult your tax advisors as to the consequences of acquiring  holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving the payments that might be due under the Notes.Material U.S. Federal Income Tax ConsequencesGeneral The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders of the beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes. This discussion replaces the federal income tax discussions in the prospectus supplement and prospectus. The discussion herein does not address the consequences to taxpayers subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “Code”).For purposes of this summary  a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• an individual who is a citizen or a resident of the U.S.  for U.S. federal income tax purposes;• a corporation (or other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof (including the District of Columbia);• an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or• a trust if a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration  and one or more U.S. persons  for U.S. federal income tax purposes  have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions.For purposes of this summary  a “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• a nonresident alien individual for federal income tax purposes;• a foreign corporation for federal income tax purposes; or• an estate or trust whose income is not subject to federal income tax on a net income basis.An individual may  subject to certain exceptions  be deemed to be a resident of the U.S. for U.S. federal income tax purposes by reason of being present in the U.S. for 31 days or more in the calendar year and for an aggregate of 183 days or more during a three-year period ending in the current calendar year (counting for such purposes all of the days present in the current year  one third of the days present in the immediately preceding year  and one sixth of the days present in the second preceding year).This summary is based on interpretations of the Code  regulations issued thereunder  and rulings and decisions currently in effect (or in some cases proposed)  all of which are subject to change. Any such change may be applied retroactively and may materially and adversely affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. In addition  this summary addresses only holders that purchase Notes at initial issuance at the Original Issue Price for U.S. federal income tax purposes  which is the first price at which a substantial amount of the Notes is sold to the public  and own Notes as capital assets and not as part of a “straddle ” “hedge ” “synthetic security ” or a “conversion transaction” for U.S. federal income tax purposes or as part of some other integrated investment. If you purchase the Notes at other than initial issuance at the Original Issue Price  you should consult your tax advisor concerning the tax consequences of your ownership of the Notes.This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences (such as any alternative minimum tax consequences) that may be relevant to particular investors or to investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks  thrifts or other financial institutions; insurance companies; securities dealers or brokers  or traders in securities electing mark-to-market treatment; regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts; small business investment companies; S corporations; partnerships; or investors that hold their Notes through a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; certain former citizens or residents of the U.S.; retirement plans or other tax-exempt entities  or persons holding the Notes in tax-deferred or tax-advantaged accounts; persons that purchase or sell the Notes as part of a wash sale for tax purposes; or “controlled foreign corporations” or “passive foreign investment companies” for U.S. federal income tax purposes). This summary also does not address the tax consequences to shareholders  or other equity holders in  or beneficiaries of  a holder  or any state  local or non-U.S. tax consequences of the purchase  ownership or disposition of the Notes. Persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult their tax advisors concerning the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any consequences of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction.U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the NotesWhile there is no authority that specifically addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of bail-inable debt securities such as the Notes  the Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the balance of this summary assumes that such Notes are treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) could assert that the Notes should be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Nevertheless  treatment of the Notes as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes should not result in inclusions of income that are materially different from Notes that are treated as indebtedness. If the Notes were treated as equity  it is unlikely that interest payments on the Notes that are treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be treated as “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and  if such dividends were not treated as qualified dividend income  amounts treated as dividends would be taxed at ordinary income tax rates. You should consult with your tax advisor regarding the appropriate characterization of bail-inable debt securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of any bail-in conversion.The Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes as discussed above  with interest payments on the Notes taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s normal method of accounting for tax purposes. By purchasing the Notes  you agree to treat the Notes consistent with our treatment for all U.S.federal income tax purposes. We do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the tax treatment of the Notes  and the IRS or a court may not agree with the tax treatment described in this pricing supplement. We urge you to consult your tax advisor as to the tax consequences of your investment in the Notes.Based on certain factual representations received from us  our special U.S. tax counsel  Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP  is of the opinion that the Notes should be treated in the manner described above. However  the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Notes is uncertain.Sale  Exchange  Early Redemption or Maturity of the NotesUpon the disposition of a Note by sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition  a U.S. Holder should generally recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the amount realized on such taxable disposition (other than amounts attributable to accrued but untaxed interest) and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s cost of the Note. Because the Note is held as a “capital asset”  as defined in Section 1221 of the Code  such gain or loss will generally constitute capital gain or loss. Capital gain of a non-corporate U.S. Holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period of greater than one year. The deductibility of a capital loss realized on the taxable disposition of a Note is subject to limitations.Medicare Tax on Net Investment IncomeU.S. Holders that are individuals  estates or certain trusts are subject to an additional 3.8% tax on all or a portion of their “net investment income ” or “undistributed net investment income” in the case of an estate or trust  which may include any income or gain realized with respect to the Notes  to the extent of their net investment income or undistributed net investment income (as the case may be) that  when added to their other modified adjusted gross income  exceeds $200 000 for an unmarried individual  $250 000 for a married taxpayer filing a joint return (or a surviving spouse)  $125 000 for a married individual filing a separate return or the dollar amount at which the highest tax bracket begins for an estate or trust. The 3.8% Medicare tax is determined in a different manner than the income tax. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors as to the consequences of the 3.8% Medicare tax.Specified Foreign Financial AssetsCertain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” in excess of an applicable threshold may be subject to reporting obligations with respect to such assets with their tax returns  especially if such assets are held outside the custody of a U.S. financial institution. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the application of this reporting obligation to their ownership of the Notes.Tax Treatment of Non-U.S. HoldersIn general and subject to the discussion below  if you are a Non-U.S. Holder  you should generally not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax with respect to payments on your Notes or to generally applicable information reporting and backup withholding requirements with respect to payments on your Notes if you comply with certain certification and identification requirements as to your non-U.S. status including providing us (and/or the applicable withholding agent) a properly executed and fully completed applicable IRS Form W-8. Gain realized from the taxable disposition of a Note generally should not be subject to U.S. tax unless (i) such gain is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by you in the U.S.  (ii) you are a non-resident alien individual and are present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during the taxable year of such taxable disposition and certain other conditions are satisfied or (iii) you have certain other present or former connections with the U.S.Backup Withholding and Information ReportingInterest paid on  and the proceeds received from a sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of Notes held by a U.S. Holder will be subject to information reporting unless the U.S. Holder is an “exempt recipient” and may also be subject to backup withholding if the holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer number) or meet certain other conditions. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability  provided the required information is furnished to the IRS.Payments of principal and interest on  and proceeds from the taxable disposition of  Notes held by a Non-U.S. Holder to or through certain brokers may be subject to a backup withholding tax on “reportable payments” unless  in general  such Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain procedures or is an exempt recipient. Any such amounts so withheld from distributions on the Notes generally will be refunded by the IRS or allowed as a credit against such Non-U.S. Holder’s federal income tax  provided such Non-U.S. Holder makes a timely filing of an appropriate tax return or refund claim. Reports will be made to the IRS and to holders that are not excepted from the reporting requirements.Both U.S. and Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes  as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction (including that of TD).Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)We have appointed TDS  an affiliate of TD  and Wells Fargo Securities  as the Agents for the sale of the Notes. Pursuant to the terms of a distribution agreement  TDS has agreed to purchase the Notes from TD at the Original Offering Price less an Underwriting Discount of up to the Underwriting Discount set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement and will allow a portion of that amount to Wells Fargo Securities. The per Note Underwriting Discount in the table on the cover hereof represents the average Underwriting Discount payable per Note  and the total Underwriting Discount in the table on the cover hereof gives effect to the actual proceeds to TD. The Agents may resell the Notes to other securities dealers at the Original Offering Price of $1 000 per Note less a concession not in excess of the amount specified on the cover hereof  depending on market conditions that are relevant to the value of the Notes at the time an order to purchase the Notes is submitted to the Agent. Such securities dealers may include Wells Fargo Advisors (the trade name of the retail brokerage business of Wells Fargo Clearing Services  LLC and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network  LLC)  an affiliate of Wells Fargo Securities. TD will reimburse TDS for certain expenses in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes  and TD will pay TDS a fee in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Agents may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market  if any  may  for a temporary period expected to be approximately 18 months after the Issue Date  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes because  in our discretion  we may elect to effectively reimburse to investors a portion of the estimated cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes and other costs in connection with the Notes which we will no longer expect to incur over the term of the Notes. This discretionary election and the temporary reimbursement period are determined on the basis of a number of factors  including the tenor of the Notes and any agreement we may have with the distributors of the Notes. The amount of our estimated costs which we effectively reimburse to investors in this way may not be allocated ratably throughout the reimbursement period  and we may discontinue such reimbursement at any time or revise the duration of the reimbursement period after the Issue Date of the Notes based on changes in market conditions and other factors that cannot be predicted.Conflicts of Interest. TDS is an affiliate of TD and  as such  has a “conflict of interest” in this offering within the meaning of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  Inc. (“FINRA”) Rule 5121. In addition  TD will receive the net proceeds from the initial public offering of the Notes  thus creating an additional conflict of interest within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. This offering of the Notes will be conducted in compliance with the provisions of FINRA Rule 5121. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5121  neither TDS nor any other affiliated agent of ours is permitted to sell the Notes in this offering to an account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder.We  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties may use this pricing supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  we  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties may use this pricing supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. If a purchaser buys the Notes from us  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties  this pricing supplement is being used in a market-making transaction unless we  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties informs such purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale.Selling RestrictionsArgentina . The Notes are not and will not be marketed in Argentina by means of a public offering  as such term is defined under Section 2 of Law Number 26 831  as amended. No application has been or will be made with the Argentine Comisión Nacional de Valores  the Argentine securities governmental authority  to offer the Notes in Argentina. The contents of this document have not been reviewed by the Argentine Comisión Nacional de Valores.Brazil. The Notes have not been and will not be issued nor publicly placed  distributed  offered or negotiated in the Brazilian capital markets and  as a result  have not been and will not be registered with the Comissão de Valores Mobiliáros (“CVM”). Any public offering or distribution  as defined under Brazilian laws and regulations  of the Notes in Brazil is not legal without prior registration under Law 6 385/76  and CVM applicable regulation. Documents relating to the offering of the Notes  as well as information contained therein  may not be supplied to the public in Brazil (as the offering of the Notes is not a public offering of Notes in Brazil)  nor be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes to the public in Brazil. Persons wishing to offer or acquire the Notes within Brazil should consult with their own counsel as to the applicability of registration requirements or any exemption therefrom.Chile. Neither the issuer nor the Notes have been registered with the Comisión Para el Mercado Financiero pursuant to Law No. 18.045  the Ley de Mercado de Valores and regulations thereunder  so they cannot be publicly offered in Chile. This pricing supplement does not constitute an offer of  or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase  the Notes in the republic of Chile  other than to individually identified buyers pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an offer that is not addressed to the public at large or to a certain sector or specific group of the public).China. This document does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong  Macau and Taiwan  the “ PRC ”) to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. TD does not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed  or that any Notes may be lawfully offered  in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC  or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder  or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Neither this document nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC  except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.Mexico. The Notes have not been registered with the National Registry of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. This pricing supplement along with the accompanying prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. The Notes may only be offered in a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law.Paraguay. The sale of the Notes qualifies as a private placement pursuant to Law No. 5810/17 “Stock Market”. The Notes must not be offered or sold to the public in Paraguay  except under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering in accordance with Paraguayan regulations. The Notes are not and will not be registered before the Paraguayan securities supervisory body Comisión Nacional de Valores (“CNV”) the Paraguayan private stock exchange Bolsa de Valores y Productos de Asunción (“BVPASA”). The issuer is also not registered before the CNV or the BVPASA.In no case may securities not registered before the CNV be offered to the general public via mass media such as press  radio  television  or internet when such media are publicly accessible in the Republic of Paraguay  regardless of the location from where they are issued.The privately placed Notes are not registered with the National Securities Commission  and therefore do not have tax benefits and are not negotiable through the BVPASA. Privately placed securities may have less liquidity  making it difficult to sell such securities in the secondary market  which could also affect the sale price. Private securities of issuers not registered before the CNV may not have periodic financial information or audited financial statements  which could generate greater risk to the investor due to the asymmetry of information. It is the responsibility of the investor to ascertain and assess the risk assumed in the acquisition of the Note.Peru. The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Capital Markets Public Registry of the Capital Markets Superintendence (“SMV”) nor the Lima Stock Exchange Registry (“RBVL”) for their public offering in Peru under the Peruvian Capital Markets Law (Law No. 861/ Supreme Decree No. 093-2002) and the decrees and regulations thereunder. Consequently  the Notes may not be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  nor may this pricing supplement or any other offering material relating to the Notes be distributed or caused to be distributed in Peru to the general public. The Notes may only be offered in a private offering under Peruvian regulation and without using mass marketing  which is defined as a marketing strategy utilizing mass distribution and mass media to offer  negotiate or distribute notes to the whole market. Mass media includes newspapers  magazines  radio  television  mail  meetings  social networks  Internet servers located in Peru  and other media or technology platforms.Taiwan. The Notes may be made available outside Taiwan for purchase by Taiwan residents outside Taiwan but may not be offered or sold in Taiwan.Uruguay. The sale of the Notes qualifies as a private placement pursuant to section 2 of Uruguayan law 18 627. The Notes must not be offered or sold to the public in Uruguay  except in circumstances which do not constitute a public S-31 offering or distribution under Uruguayan laws and regulations. The Notes are not and will not be registered with the Financial Services Superintendency of the Central Bank of Uruguay.Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail InvestorsThe Notes may not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For the purposes of this provision:(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  “MiFID II”); or(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (3)(e) (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”); and(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail InvestorsThe Notes may not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) and the regulations made under the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/1403) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time); or(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/1403) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time); or(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/1234) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time) ; and(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/403) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time  the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling any Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling any Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Validity of the NotesIn the opinion of Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP  as special products counsel to TD  when the Notes offered by this pricing supplement have been executed and issued by TD and authenticated by the trustee pursuant to the indenture and delivered  paid for and sold as contemplated herein  the Notes will be valid and binding obligations of TD  enforceable against TD in accordance with their terms  subject to applicable bankruptcy  insolvency  fraudulent conveyance  reorganization  moratorium  receivership or other laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights generally  and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). This opinion is given as of the date hereof and is limited to the laws of the State of New York. Insofar as this opinion involves matters governed by Canadian law  Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP has assumed  without independent inquiry or investigation  the validity of the matters opined on by McCarthy Tétrault LLP  Canadian legal counsel for TD  in its opinion expressed below. In addition  this opinion is subject to customary assumptions about the trustee’s authorization  execution and delivery of the indenture and  with respect to the Notes  authentication of the Notes and the genuineness of signatures and certain factual matters  all as stated in the opinion of Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP dated March 4  2022 filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 6-K on March 4  2022.In the opinion of McCarthy Tétrault LLP  the issue and sale of the Notes has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of TD  and when this pricing supplement has been attached to  and duly notated on  the master note that represents the Notes  the Notes will have been validly executed and issued and  to the extent validity of the Notes is a matter governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario  or the laws of Canada applicable therein  will be valid obligations of TD  subject to the following limitations: (i) the enforceability of the Indenture is subject to bankruptcy  insolvency  reorganization  arrangement  winding up  moratorium and other similar laws of general application limiting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally; (ii) the enforceability of the Indenture is subject to general equitable principles  including the fact that the availability of equitable remedies  such as injunctive relief and specific performance  is in the discretion of a court; (iii) courts in Canada are precluded from giving a judgment in any currency other than the lawful money of Canada; and (iv) the enforceability of the Indenture will be subject to the limitations contained in the Limitations Act  2002 (Ontario)  and such counsel expresses no opinion as to whether a court may find any provision of the Indenture to be unenforceable as an attempt to vary or exclude a limitation period under that Act. This opinion is given as of the date hereof and is limited to the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable thereto. In addition  this opinion is subject to: (i) the assumption that the Senior Indenture has been duly authorized  executed and delivered by  and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of  the Trustee  enforceable against the Trustee in accordance with its terms; and (ii) customary assumptions about the genuineness of signatures and certain factual matters all as stated in the letter of such counsel dated February 4  2022  which has been filed as Exhibit 5.2 to the Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed by TD on February 4  2022.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['TORONTO DOMINION BANK', 'Form 424B2', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'Original Offering Price Underwriting Discount', 'Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network', 'Wells Fargo Clearing Services', 'Canadian Bank Resolution Powers', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'Callable Fixed Rate Notes', 'electronic communications network', 'Wells Fargo Securities', '15 th calendar day', 'five Business Days', 'other governmental agency', 'retail brokerage business', 'total Underwriting Discount', 'Optional Redemption Date', 'bail-inable debt securities', 'state securities commission', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Such securities dealers', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'Interest Payment Date', 'federal laws', 'CDIC Act', 'securities exchange', 'average Underwriting', 'Exchange Commission', 'Issue Date', 'Maturity Date', 'credit risk', 'Registration Statement', 'Pricing Supplement', 'savings accounts', 'insured deposits', 'United States', 'common shares', 'Special Provisions', 'criminal offense', 'selling concession', 'market conditions', 'trade name', 'actual proceeds', 'Supplemental Plan', 'The Notes', 'The Agents', 'Prospectus Supplement', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Rule', 'March', 'June', 'TD', 'CUSIP', 'ISIN', 'annum', 'September', 'December', 'part', 'notice', 'payments', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'means', 'transaction', 'series', 'one', 'steps', 'affiliates', 'subsection', 'variation', 'extinguishment', 'consequence', 'application', 'Province', 'Ontario', 'respect', 'operation', 'Description', 'Risks', 'Investment', 'number', 'page', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'document', 'representation', 'contrary', 'book-entry', 'form', 'facilities', 'funds', 'USA', 'LLC', 'portion', 'amount', 'value', 'time', 'order', 'WFA', 'table', 'effect', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'obligations', 'expenses', 'subsidiary', 'principal', 'connection', 'role', 'sale', 'fee', 'Rou']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,streetinsider.com
6429,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Fun fact: the dedication of our @Clearstream colleagues inspired the global rollout of our @DeutscheBoerse Social D… https://t.co/hsVfrB6zDq,nan,Fun fact: the dedication of our @Clearstream colleagues inspired the global rollout of our @DeutscheBoerse Social D… https://t.co/hsVfrB6zDq,positive,0.97,0.01,0.02,positive,0.97,0.01,0.02,True,English,"['Fun fact', 'global rollout', 'dedication', 'hsVfrB6zDq', 'Fun fact', 'global rollout', 'dedication', 'hsVfrB6zDq']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6430,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,In May 2022  @Clearstream reported a little decrease in securities deposits.Securities deposits at ICSD  Clearstre… https://t.co/gpVaRsujHy,nan,In May 2022  @Clearstream reported a little decrease in securities deposits.Securities deposits at ICSD  Clearstre… https://t.co/gpVaRsujHy,neutral,0.02,0.83,0.15,neutral,0.02,0.83,0.15,True,English,"['little decrease', 'securities deposits', 'May', 'ICSD', 'Clearstre', 'gpVaRsujHy', 'little decrease', 'securities deposits', 'May', 'ICSD', 'Clearstre', 'gpVaRsujHy']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6431,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Rainy seasonhttps://t.co/FfsxwhlHRN#Rainyseason #summer #earlysummer #river #clearstream #rising #water… https://t.co/Buh6L1PtrW,nan,Rainy seasonhttps://t.co/FfsxwhlHRN#Rainyseason #summer #earlysummer #river #clearstream #rising #water… https://t.co/Buh6L1PtrW,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.05,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.05,True,English,"['Rainy season', 'FfsxwhlHRN', 'Rainyseason', 'summer', 'river', 'clearstream', 'water', 'Buh6L1PtrW', 'Rainy season', 'FfsxwhlHRN', 'Rainyseason', 'summer', 'river', 'clearstream', 'water', 'Buh6L1PtrW']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6432,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/06/13/deutsche-borse-ag-otcmktsdboey-sees-significant-decline-in-short-interest.html,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest,1 day ago,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) was the target of a large decline in short interest in the month of May. As of May 31st  there was short interest totalling 10 200 shares  a decline of 41.7% from the May 15th total of 17 500 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 346 300 shares  the short-interest ratio is presently 0.0 days.DBOEY opened at $15.92 on Monday. The firm has a fifty day moving average price of $17.30 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.05. Deutsche Börse has a 1 year low of $14.77 and a 1 year high of $18.44. The stock has a market cap of $30.25 billion  a P/E ratio of 19.41  a P/E/G ratio of 1.67 and a beta of 0.77.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:The company also recently announced a dividend  which was paid on Tuesday  June 7th. Investors of record on Friday  May 20th were paid a $0.2282 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.35%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday  May 19th. Deutsche Börse’s dividend payout ratio is currently 26.83%.Several analysts have commented on DBOEY shares. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €185.00 ($198.92) to €193.00 ($207.53) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday  April 29th. Morgan Stanley lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse to €191.00 ($205.38) in a research note on Wednesday  April 20th. UBS Group lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €175.00 ($188.17) to €180.00 ($193.55) in a research note on Tuesday  February 22nd. Exane BNP Paribas upgraded shares of Deutsche Börse from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a €180.00 ($193.55) price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday  March 15th. Finally  Credit Suisse Group lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €164.00 ($176.34) to €172.00 ($184.95) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday  May 5th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat.com  Deutsche Börse has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $176.57.About Deutsche Börse (Get Rating)Deutsche Börse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.03,0.7,0.27,negative,0.01,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Significant Decline', 'Short Interest', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'fifty day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'average trading volume', 'concise daily summary', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Exane BNP Paribas', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'average target price', 'May 15th total', 'Four research analysts', 'dividend payout ratio', 'email address', 'price objective', 'UBS Group', 'short-interest ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'research note', 'Get Rating', 'short interest', 'market cap', 'ex-dividend date', 'Several analysts', 'Morgan Stanley', 'neutral” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'May 31st', 'May 20th', 'dividend yield', 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', 'buy” rating', 'buy rating', 'large decline', '1 year low', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'DBOEY shares', '$0.2282 dividend', '10,200 shares', '17,500 shares', '346,300 shares', 'month', 'Monday', 'firm', 'stock', 'beta', 'company', 'Tuesday', 'June', 'Investors', 'record', 'Friday', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'February', 'March', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '0.0', '€']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,defenseworld.net
6433,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/germany-stocks-lower-at-close-of-trade-dax-down-091-2836976,Germany stocks lower at close of trade; DAX down 0.91% By Investing.com,3 hours ago,© Reuters. Germany stocks lower at close of trade; DAX down 0.91%Investing.com – Germany stocks were lower after the close on Tuesday  as losses in the   and sectors led shares lower.At the close in Frankfurt  the declined 0.91% to hit a new 3-months low  while the index lost 1.45%  and the index declined 1.95%.The best performers of the session on the were Vonovia SE (ETR: )  which rose 2.46% or 0.76 points to trade at 31.62 at the close. Meanwhile  Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR: ) added 1.17% or 1.75 points to end at 151.85 and Deutsche Post AG NA O.N. (ETR: ) was up 1.01% or 0.35 points to 34.58 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were HelloFresh SE (ETR: )  which fell 7.60% or 2.38 points to trade at 28.92 at the close. Zalando SE (ETR: ) declined 6.20% or 1.83 points to end at 27.67 and Sartorius AG VZO O.N. (ETR: ) was down 4.86% or 16.10 points to 314.90.The top performers on the MDAX were K&S AG (ETR: ) which rose 3.23% to 24.91  Tag Immobilien AG (ETR: ) which was up 2.16% to settle at 12.75 and Rheinmetall AG (ETR: ) which gained 1.82% to close at 206.70.The worst performers were TeamViewer AG (ETR: ) which was down 6.08% to 10.19 in late trade  Fraport AG (ETR: ) which lost 5.95% to settle at 46.80 and Knorr-Bremse AG (ETR: ) which was down 5.12% to 58.18 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were Varta AG (ETR: ) which rose 1.49% to 81.50  Siltronic AG (ETR: ) which was up 1.28% to settle at 79.15 and Morphosys AG O.N. (ETR: ) which gained 0.83% to close at 17.61.The worst performers were TeamViewer AG (ETR: ) which was down 6.08% to 10.19 in late trade  Suse SA (ETR: ) which lost 5.25% to settle at 24.18 and Sartorius AG VZO O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 4.86% to 314.90 at the close.Falling stocks outnumbered advancing ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 495 to 196 and 76 ended unchanged.Shares in HelloFresh SE (ETR: ) fell to 52-week lows; down 7.60% or 2.38 to 28.92. Shares in Zalando SE (ETR: ) fell to 3-years lows; down 6.20% or 1.83 to 27.67. Shares in TeamViewer AG (ETR: ) fell to all time lows; losing 6.08% or 0.66 to 10.19. Shares in Knorr-Bremse AG (ETR: ) fell to all time lows; down 5.12% or 3.14 to 58.18. Shares in TeamViewer AG (ETR: ) fell to all time lows; down 6.08% or 0.66 to 10.19.The   which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was down 1.06% to 29.85.Gold Futures for August delivery was down 1.00% or 18.25 to $1 813.55 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in July fell 0.31% or 0.37 to hit $120.56 a barrel  while the August Brent oil contract fell 0.28% or 0.34 to trade at $121.93 a barrel.EUR/USD was unchanged 0.27% to 1.04  while EUR/GBP rose 1.24% to 0.87.The US Dollar Index Futures was up 0.12% at 105.09.,neutral,0.02,0.82,0.16,mixed,0.07,0.18,0.75,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'Investing.com', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'Sartorius AG VZO O.N.', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Morphosys AG O.N.', 'August Brent oil contract', 'NA O.N.', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Deutsche Post AG', 'K&S AG', 'Tag Immobilien AG', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Gold Futures', 'Crude oil', 'Rheinmetall AG', 'TeamViewer AG', 'Fraport AG', 'Knorr-Bremse AG', 'Varta AG', 'Siltronic AG', 'August delivery', 'Germany stocks', 'new 3-months', 'best performers', 'Vonovia SE', 'worst performers', 'HelloFresh SE', 'Zalando SE', 'top performers', 'Suse SA', 'Falling stocks', '52-week lows', '3-years lows', 'time lows', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'late trade', 'DAX options', 'Reuters', 'close', 'Tuesday', 'losses', 'sectors', 'shares', 'session', 'ETR', '1.75 points', 'MDAX', 'TecDAX', 'implied', 'volatility', 'July', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '0.76', '1.83', '16.']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,investing.com
6434,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/european-stocks-settle-lower-again-on-recession-fears,European Stocks Settle Lower Again On Recession Fears,4 hours ago,(RTTNews) - European stocks fell on Tuesday  extending recent losses  amid rising concerns that aggressive monetary policy tightening by central banks could push the global economy into a recession.Data from the Labor Department on Friday showed the U.S. consumer price index rose 8.6% in May  sharply higher than the expected increase  raising concerns the Fed will likely hike interest rate by 50 to 75 basis points on Wednesday.The Bank of England and the Bank of Japan  which are also due to announce their policies this week  are also expected to tighten their stance to rein in inflation.The Bank of England is seen raising interest rates by a modest 25 basis points on Thursday despite Monday's data showing a contraction in the country's GDP in April.Investors also remained concerned about a surge in coronavirus cases in China and the resultant fresh restrictions in several places in the country.The pan European Stoxx 600 ended 1.26% down. Germany's DAX fell 0.91%  France's CAC 40 drifted down 1.2% and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 shed 0.25%  while Switzerland's SMI declined 1.81%.Among other markets in Europe  Austria  Belgium  Czech Republic  Denmark  Greece  Iceland  Ireland  Netherlands  Portugal  Spain and Sweden drifted lower.Norway  Poland and Russia closed higher  while Finland and Turkey settled flat.In the UK market  Ocado Group tanked nearly 11%. Kingfisher  Rentokil Initial  Ashtead Group  SSE  Auto Trader Group  Croda International Plc  ICP  Halma  Endeavour Mining  Relx  National Grid  Informa  WPP and Diageo shed 2 to 4.5%.Standard Chartered and HSBC Holdings both gained about 3.5%. Barratt Developments  Harbour Energy  Taylor Wimpey  Rolls-Royce Holdings and BP gained 2 to 2.5%.In the French market  Atos plunged nearly 25% on news of restructuring and CEO exit. Air France-KLM ended more than 13% down and WorldLine shed about 7.3%.Legrand  Saint Gobain  Pernod Ricard  Michelin  Veolia  Teleperformance  L'Oreal  Capgemini and Valeo declined 2 to 4.3%.Carrefour  BNP Paribas and AXA gained 1.2 to 1.6%.In Germany  HelloFresh plummeted more than 7%. Zalando ended lower by about 6%  while Sartorius  Symrise  Qiagen  Adidas  Covestro  E.ON  Merck  Infineon Technologies  Siemens and RWE lost 2 to 4%.Vonovia rallied nearly 2.5%. Deutsche Boerse and Deutsche Post also ended notably higher.In economic releases  German consumer price inflation rose to 7.9% in May from 7.4% in April  final data from Destatis showed. The rate came in line with the flash estimate published on May 30.Another report from Destatis showed that wholesale prices logged a strong double-digit growth of 22.9% annually after rising 23.8% in April.Germany's economic confidence improved in June but remained negative as the economy faces uncertainties posed by the war in Ukraine and the tightening of monetary policy  survey results from the ZEW - Leibniz Centre for European Economic Research showed.The ZEW Indicator of Economic Sentiment climbed to a four-month high of minus 28.0 points in June from -34.3 in May. The reading was forecast to rise to -27.5.The U.K. jobless rate rose in May as the number of people claiming unemployment benefits fell by less than expected  despite continued gains in overall employment levels.The Office for National Statistics said that the claimant count fell by 19 700  while the jobless rate rose to 3.8% of the population.The jobless rate fell 0.2 percentage points to 3.8% in three months to April but remained above the expected 3.6%.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.,negative,0.03,0.25,0.72,negative,0.02,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['European Stocks', 'Recession Fears', 'U.S. consumer price index', 'The U.K. jobless rate', 'German consumer price inflation', 'The pan European Stoxx', 'aggressive monetary policy tightening', 'resultant fresh restrictions', 'Croda International Plc', 'strong double-digit growth', 'overall employment levels', '50 to 75 basis points', 'modest 25 basis points', 'Auto Trader Group', 'European Economic Research', 'The ZEW Indicator', 'European stocks', 'The Office', 'The Bank', 'minus 28.0 points', 'interest rate', 'Ocado Group', 'Ashtead Group', 'economic releases', 'economic confidence', 'Economic Sentiment', 'recent losses', 'central banks', 'Labor Department', 'coronavirus cases', 'several places', 'other markets', 'Czech Republic', 'UK market', 'Rentokil Initial', 'Endeavour Mining', 'National Grid', 'Standard Chartered', 'HSBC Holdings', 'Barratt Developments', 'Harbour Energy', 'Taylor Wimpey', 'Rolls-Royce Holdings', 'French market', 'CEO exit', 'Air France-KLM', 'Saint Gobain', 'Pernod Ricard', ""L'Oreal"", 'BNP Paribas', 'E.ON', 'Infineon Technologies', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Post', 'flash estimate', 'wholesale prices', 'survey results', 'Leibniz Centre', 'unemployment benefits', 'continued gains', 'National Statistics', 'claimant count', 'three months', 'rising concerns', 'global economy', 'final data', 'RTTNews', 'Tuesday', 'recession', 'Friday', 'May', 'increase', 'Fed', 'Wednesday', 'England', 'Japan', 'policies', 'stance', 'Thursday', 'Monday', 'contraction', 'country', 'GDP', 'April', 'Investors', 'surge', 'China', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'CAC', 'FTSE 100', 'Switzerland', 'SMI', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Denmark', 'Greece', 'Iceland', 'Ireland', 'Netherlands', 'Portugal', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Russia', 'Finland', 'Turkey', 'Kingfisher', 'ICP', 'Halma', 'Relx', 'Informa', 'WPP', 'Diageo', 'BP', 'Atos', 'restructuring', 'WorldLine', 'Legrand', 'Michelin', 'Veolia', 'Teleperformance', 'Capgemini', 'Valeo', 'Carrefour', 'AXA', 'HelloFresh', 'Zalando', 'Sartorius', 'Symrise', 'Qiagen', 'Adidas', 'Covestro', 'Merck', 'Siemens', 'RWE', 'Vonovia', 'Destatis', 'report', 'June', 'uncertainties', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'four-month', 'reading', 'number', 'people', 'population', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,nasdaq.com
6435,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/franklin-templeton-unveils-first-china-paris-aligned-climate-etf/,Franklin Templeton unveils first China Paris-aligned climate ETF,11 hours ago,Franklin Templeton unveils first China Paris-aligned climate ETFThe first ETF in Europe offering sole exposure to Chinese equities with a PAB tiltFranklin Templeton has expanded its Paris-aligned benchmark (PAB) strategy range with the launch of a China ETF  the first of its kind offering sole exposure to Chinese equities with a PAB tilt.The Franklin MSCI China Paris Aligned Climate UCITS ETF (PABC) will list on the Deutsche Boerse on 15 June and the Borsa Italiana and the London Stock Exchange on 17 June with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.22%.PABC will track the MSCI China Climate Paris-Aligned index and the EU Climate Benchmark Paris-Aligned Benchmark (PAB) index and will seek exposure from large and mid-cap Chinese equity securities.While several other ETFs offer exposure to China ESG and low carbon ETFs  none are currently aligned to the PAB.The indices will look to overweight Chinese companies transitioning to a lower-carbon economy while ensuring full alignment with the decarbonisation goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.The ETF is labelled Article 9 under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR) and is the third ETF in Franklin’s PAB range.In July 2020  the group launched the Franklin STOXX Europe 600 Paris Aligned Climate UCITS ETF (EUPA) and the Franklin S&P 500 Paris Aligned Climate UCITS ETF (500P).Caroline Baron  head of ETF business development for EMEA at Franklin Templeton  said: “The ETF is a natural extension of the Paris-Aligned Climate ETF product range we launched two years ago and provides exciting growth opportunities in Chinese stock markets by investing in securities transitioning to a low carbon economy.“Aligned with the EU Climate Benchmark Regulation  it will additionally offer investors key standardisation  transparency and reporting benefits and should appeal to a wide range of European investors seeking more sustainable investment solutions.”Climate ETFs have been launched thick and fast throughout 2022  with HSBC  State Street  DWS and Invesco all expanding their suite of PAB products in recent months.Related articles,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['first China Paris-aligned climate ETF', 'Franklin Templeton', 'The Franklin MSCI China Paris Aligned Climate UCITS ETF', 'Franklin S&P 500 Paris Aligned Climate UCITS ETF', 'Franklin STOXX Europe 600 Paris Aligned Climate UCITS ETF', 'MSCI China Climate Paris-Aligned index', 'EU Climate Benchmark Paris-Aligned Benchmark', 'first China Paris-aligned climate ETF', 'Paris-Aligned Climate ETF product range', 'EU Climate Benchmark Regulation', 'Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation', 'Paris Climate Agreement', 'mid-cap Chinese equity securities', 'ETF business development', 'sustainable investment solutions', 'London Stock Exchange', 'total expense ratio', 'exciting growth opportunities', 'China ETF', 'several other ETFs', 'low carbon ETFs', 'Chinese stock markets', 'low carbon economy', 'Climate ETFs', 'PAB) strategy range', 'first ETF', 'China ESG', 'Franklin Templeton', 'third ETF', 'PAB) index', 'PAB range', 'wide range', 'Chinese equities', 'Chinese companies', 'lower-carbon economy', 'PAB tilt', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Borsa Italiana', 'full alignment', 'decarbonisation goals', 'Caroline Baron', 'natural extension', 'key standardisation', 'reporting benefits', 'State Street', 'PAB products', 'recent months', 'Related articles', 'sole exposure', 'European investors', 'launch', 'kind', 'PABC', '15 June', '17 June', 'TER', 'large', 'none', 'indices', 'SFDR', 'July', 'group', 'EUPA', '500P', 'head', 'EMEA', 'transparency', 'HSBC', 'DWS', 'Invesco', 'suite']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,etfstream.com
6436,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/ossiam-shutters-ftse-100-and-emerging-markets-esg-etfs-on-low-demand/,Ossiam shutters FTSE 100 and emerging markets ESG ETFs on low demand,13 hours ago,Ossiam shutters FTSE 100 and emerging markets ESG ETFs on low demandLow assets and investor demand were blamed for the closureSmart beta specialist Ossiam has liquidated its low volatility FTSE 100 and emerging market ESG ETFs on low investor demand.In a shareholder notice  the firm said both the £2m Ossiam FTSE 100 Minimum Variance UCITS ETF (UKMV) and the £10m Ossiam Emerging Markets ESG Low Carbon UCITS ETF (DEMV) will be shuttered on 22 June.The last trading date of the ETFs on the primary market will take place on 15 June  the firm added.DEMV is currently listed on Deutsche Boerse  SIX Swiss Exchange  Borsa Italiana  London Stock Exchange (LSE) and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  while UKMV is currently listed on the LSE and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.“The ETFs have demonstrated small levels of demand and assets under management  while focusing on key areas of growth with the intention of bringing the sub-funds of the company in line with current and future investor demand for better serving the needs of shareholders ” Ossiam wrote.DEMV  which tracks the Ossiam index of the same name  has a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.75% and has returned -9.5% over three years.The ETF aims to reduce the volatility and the drawdown of the portfolio while promoting environmental and social characteristics.Meanwhile  UKMV tracks the FTSE 100 Minimum Variance index and has a TER of 0.15% and has returned 4.3% over three years.Earlier this year  the firm made a raft of senior hires across the business as it looks to integrate ESG further into its investment solutions.In January it also added an ESG filter to its European equity equal weight ETF to reflect investor demand.Related articles,neutral,0.02,0.85,0.13,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['emerging markets ESG ETFs', 'Ossiam shutters', 'low demand', 'FTSE 100', '£10m Ossiam Emerging Markets ESG Low Carbon UCITS ETF', '£2m Ossiam FTSE 100 Minimum Variance UCITS ETF', 'European equity equal weight ETF', 'emerging markets ESG ETFs', 'FTSE 100 Minimum Variance index', 'emerging market ESG ETFs', 'low volatility FTSE 100', 'Smart beta specialist', 'last trading date', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'total expense ratio', 'low investor demand', 'future investor demand', 'Ossiam index', 'ESG filter', 'low demand', 'Ossiam shutters', 'Low assets', 'primary market', 'shareholder notice', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Borsa Italiana', 'small levels', 'key areas', 'same name', 'three years', 'social characteristics', 'senior hires', 'investment solutions', 'Related articles', 'closure', 'firm', 'UKMV', 'DEMV', '22 June', 'place', '15 June', 'LSE', 'management', 'growth', 'intention', 'sub-funds', 'company', 'line', 'current', 'needs', 'shareholders', 'drawdown', 'portfolio', 'environmental', 'raft', 'business', 'January']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,etfstream.com
6437,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-outperforms-market-despite-losses-on-the-day-01655154550-c65afaededb2,Nasdaq Inc. stock outperforms market despite losses on the day,23 hours ago,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  -0.67% slipped 2.22% to $146.86 Monday  on what proved to be an all-around poor trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  -0.38% falling 3.88% to 3 749.63 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  -0.50% falling 2.79% to 30 516.74. This was the stock's fourth consecutive day of losses. Nasdaq Inc. closed $68.10 below its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company reached on November 5th.The stock demonstrated a mixed performance when compared to some of its competitors Monday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  +1.78% fell 3.70% to $42.65  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  -3.39% rose 1.55% to $202.99  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  +1.25% fell 2.32% to $15.55. Trading volume (1.2 M) eclipsed its 50-day average volume of 900 354.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,negative,0.1,0.4,0.5,negative,0.01,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'market', 'losses', 'day', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'fourth consecutive day', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'automation technology provider', 'poor trading session', 'market data terms', 'ADR HKXCY', 'Trading volume', '52-week high', 'November 5th', 'mixed performance', 'Clearing Ltd', 'Automated Insights', 'stock market', 'Shares', 'Monday', 'losses', 'company', 'competitors', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,marketwatch.com
6438,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Wait  Gilles Peress didn’t win the Deutsche Börse prize?! But everything else was  nowhere near as good. I do not u… https://t.co/jkg4Awbtu2,nan,Wait  Gilles Peress didn’t win the Deutsche Börse prize?! But everything else was  nowhere near as good. I do not u… https://t.co/jkg4Awbtu2,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse prize', 'Gilles Peress', 'everything', 'jkg4Awbtu2', 'Deutsche Börse prize', 'Gilles Peress', 'everything', 'jkg4Awbtu2']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6439,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Bank stuft Canadian Pacific als Catalyst Call Idea ein #wirtschaft #börse #finanzen #canadianpacificrailway https://t.co/b5Nir9r966,nan,Deutsche Bank stuft Canadian Pacific als Catalyst Call Idea ein #wirtschaft #börse #finanzen #canadianpacificrailway https://t.co/b5Nir9r966,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank', 'Canadian Pacific', 'Call Idea', 'börse', 'Catalyst', 'finanzen', 'canadianpacificrailway', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Canadian Pacific', 'Call Idea', 'börse', 'Catalyst', 'finanzen', 'canadianpacificrailway']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6440,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,k invest in new digital asset venture . Deutsche Boerse invests $12 million in new holding company 360X to develop… https://t.co/pqZj8aURKX,nan,k invest in new digital asset venture . Deutsche Boerse invests $12 million in new holding company 360X to develop… https://t.co/pqZj8aURKX,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['new digital asset venture', 'new holding company 360X', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'pqZj8aURKX', 'new digital asset venture', 'new holding company 360X', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'pqZj8aURKX']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,Unknown
6441,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-ventures-makes-15m-series-050000564.html,VEON Ventures Makes $15m Series A Investment in Dastgyr,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  announces today that the...,"Deal expands VEON's investments in Pakistan's digital economyAMSTERDAM  June 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  announces today that the Group's VEON Ventures division has completed a US$ 15 million investment as part of a Series A round for Dastgyr  a Pakistan-based B2B e-commerce marketplace platform. This investment will contribute towards boosting Pakistan's e-commerce market.Dastgyr offers businesses a one-stop-shop application that connects thousands of retailers with suppliers to give them access to real-time visibility on pricing and financing rates. Platform partners have included Coca-Cola  Nestle  and Reckitt.""As part of VEON's transformation into a digital operator that delivers a growing range of services to our customers we are investing in leading digital companies like Dastgyr in the countries where we operate. These investments are the building blocks of the digital ecosystem that will enable us to deliver on our strategy "" said Mohd Khairil Abdullah  CEO of VEON Ventures. ""Pakistan  with its rapidly growing digital sector  is a key market for VEON. By bringing together Dagstyr's e-commerce business with Jazz's communications network and JazzCash's mobile payments platform  we will catalyse growth in digital services in Pakistan. This would be further enhanced by the digital banking services that we have ambitions to provide.""The deal is VEON Ventures' largest investment in a Pakistani start-up and reflects the Group's continued commitment to the region and to the growth of Pakistan's digital economy.""Pakistan's start-up ecosystem is at a critical juncture and only startups focused on addressing key challenges and adopting localized solutions will survive and thrive "" added Aamir Ibrahim  CEO of Jazz. ""This investment highlights VEON's commitment to scaling up Pakistan's digital economy and provides Dastgyr with a platform to build synergies with Jazz's subscriber base of 75 million and with JazzCash  further integrating the startup into Pakistan's fintech ecosystem.""Story continuesDastgyr will remain an independent entity  with a minority position being taken by VEON Ventures. The new investment round will support Dastgyr's expansion into 15 new cities in Pakistan  alongside its existing network in Karachi  Lahore  Sialkot and Gujranwala.""We are thrilled to achieve this milestone in the current global economic environment "" said Zohaib Ali  co-founder of Dastgyr. ""We welcome the new investors to the Dastgyr family as we continue to work relentlessly toward our vision of building an AliBaba for emerging markets worldwide. We're lucky to have found strategic partners who believe in our mission and have displayed unwavering faith in our team. Financial inclusion  which is central to the startup's mission  will uplift and enable Pakistan's small- and medium-sized retail entrepreneurs  potentially unlocking up to an additional US$ 10 billion for the country's GDP  according to our estimates.""VEON Ventures' investment in Dastgyr Series A funding was made alongside Zinal Growth  DEG  Khwarizmi Ventures  OTF Jasoor Ventures  Cedar Mundi Ventures  Reflect Ventures  Century Oak Capital  Haitou Global  GoingVC  Astir Ventures  K3 Diversity Ventures  Chandaria Capital  along with the founders of Property Finder  Ayoconnect  Quiqup and senior management from DoorDash.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ- and Euronext Amsterdam–listed a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and service serving nine countries that together are home to 9% of the world's population. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets.For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements "" as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON's investments in Pakistan and VEON Ventures' strategy. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina LevinaMarina.levina@veon.comTUVA PartnersAlex Brooksalex.brooks@tuvapartners.comM +44 7900 205 460CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-ventures-makes-15m-series-a-investment-in-dastgyr-301567124.htmlSOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.62,0.23,0.15,True,English,"['$15m Series A Investment', 'VEON Ventures', 'Dastgyr', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'Pakistan-based B2B e-commerce marketplace platform', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'current global economic environment', 'Dastgyr Series A funding', 'Series A round', 'Mohd Khairil Abdullah', 'medium-sized retail entrepreneurs', 'Century Oak Capital', 'OTF Jasoor Ventures', 'Cedar Mundi Ventures', 'K3 Diversity Ventures', 'global digital operator', 'growing digital sector', 'mobile payments platform', 'US$ 15 million investment', 'Alex Brooks alex', 'growing emerging markets', 'leading digital companies', 'new investment round', 'digital banking services', 'VEON Ventures division', ""VEON Ventures' investment"", ""VEON Ventures' strategy"", 'communications network', 'Haitou Global', 'Platform partners', 'growing range', 'Chandaria Capital', 'digital economy', 'digital ecosystem', 'Khwarizmi Ventures', 'Reflect Ventures', 'Astir Ventures', 'mobile connectivity', '15 new cities', 'new investors', 'digital services', 'one-stop-shop application', 'real-time visibility', 'financing rates', 'building blocks', 'key market', 'largest investment', 'Pakistani start-up', 'start-up ecosystem', 'critical juncture', 'key challenges', 'localized solutions', 'Aamir Ibrahim', 'subscriber base', 'fintech ecosystem', 'independent entity', 'minority position', 'existing network', 'Zohaib Ali', 'strategic partners', 'unwavering faith', 'Financial inclusion', 'Property Finder', 'senior management', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'TUVA Partners', 'original content', 'technology-driven services', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd.', 'continued commitment', 'nine countries', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'Dastgyr family', 'Zinal Growth', 'Marina Levina', 'statements', 'Deal', 'investments', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'businesses', 'thousands', 'retailers', 'suppliers', 'access', 'pricing', 'Coca-Cola', 'Nestle', 'Reckitt', 'transformation', 'customers', 'CEO', 'Dagstyr', 'Jazz', 'ambitions', 'region', 'startups', 'synergies', 'Story', 'expansion', 'Karachi', 'Lahore', 'Sialkot', 'Gujranwala', 'milestone', 'founder', 'AliBaba', 'mission', 'team', 'country', 'GDP', 'estimates', 'DEG', 'GoingVC', 'Ayoconnect', 'Quiqup', 'DoorDash', 'world', 'population', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'tuvapartners', 'Cision', 'SOU']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6442,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/technicolor-presents-technicolor-creative-studios-055900556.html,Technicolor presents Technicolor Creative Studios at its Capital Markets Day,PRESS RELEASE Technicolor presents Technicolor Creative Studios at its Capital Markets Day Paris (France)  June 14th  2022 – Technicolor (Euronext Paris: TCH...,"TECHNICOLORPRESS RELEASETechnicolor presentsTechnicolor Creative Studios at its Capital Markets DayParis (France)  June 14th  2022 – Technicolor (Euronext Paris: TCH; OTCQX: TCLRY) will today hold in London at 1pm BST (2pm CEST) its Capital Markets Days  starting with VANTIVA (future name for Technicolor Ex-TCS)  followed by Technicolor Creative Studios (“TCS” or the “Group”). Christian Roberton  TCS’ future CEO  Laurent Carozzi  TCS’ future CFO  and other members of the TCS executive team will illustrate the Group’s strategic direction and roadmap to drive growth  as well as its financial objectives. A separate press release presenting VANTIVA’s vision and strategy is being issued today.TCS ’ v ision is to become the first-choice production partner for the w orld’s most creative companiesTCS is ideally positioned for accelerated structural growth in a large and growing addressable marketTCS forward looking assumptions published on June 6 th   2022 are confirmed   and the Group is now guiding the market using new key performance indicators ( "" KPI ” or “ KPIs ” as the case may be ) with : Adjusted EBITDA 1 after lease (new definition) of €120–130 million in 2022 and €140–160 million in 2023. As part of its new KPIs policy  TCS will now guide the market on Adjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition).Richard Moat  Chief Executive Officer of Technicolor SA and future Chairman of VANTIVA  said:“Over the past two years  we executed a transformation process to reorganize TCS into a more efficient and agile business by facilitating collaboration  integrating technology and unleashing talent. Today  Technicolor Creative Studios has cemented its position as the independent global leader in tech-enabled content creation with an award-winning portfolio  and is well positioned to capitalize on the significant opportunities of a growing market for visual content. With Christian as its CEO and with the best creative talent in the industry  I am confident that Technicolor Creative Studios will be an attractive pure play equity story  unlocking enhanced value for all stakeholders.”Story continuesChristian Roberton  current President of TCS and future Chief Executive Officer of TCS  said:“I am enthusiastic that Technicolor Creative Studios is starting a new exciting chapter as an independent company. Technicolor Creative Studios is ideally positioned to ride the structural growth in its underlying large and growing addressable markets  and to be the first partner of choice for the world’s most creative companies. With our deeply cemented relationships with blue-chip customers  cutting-edge technology  superior workflow processes and highly skilled talent  Technicolor Creative Studios is well positioned to deliver profitable growth and value creation. I am honored to be leading this future company and I look forward to being alongside all of our amazing teams as we bring the art of visual storytelling to audiences everywhere.”TCS v ision: become the first-choice production partner for the World’s most creative companiesThe Group’s vision is to be the first-choice production partner for the world’s most creative companies. TCS’ focus on technology  creativity and talent development  combined with cost efficiency and rigorous management  will drive the company to operate as a client-focused  technology-driven and profitable global studio delivering high-quality projects. Building upon its successes  TCS’ mission is to drive growth and margin enhancement across its divisions by facilitating collaboration among TCS’ different creative and production capabilities  and by adapting client servicing to the post-Covid-19 era. TCS possesses a strong  experienced management team with proven track records and deep sector expertise.TCS’ key strategic pillars are to:Expand capacity to meet strong demand and invest in new markets;Develop the Technicolor Creative Studios brand to be seen as an Employer of Choice by talent;Continue to invest in R&D and Technology;Leverage existing capabilities to capture the Metaverse opportunity.TCS is positioned for accelerated structural growth in a large and growing TAMTCS is benefiting from strong positioning on its key markets  which are all growing2:MPC   which represents 40% of TCS 2021 combined revenues  is a leader in Film and Episodic. In 2021  the Film & Episodic VFX market globally had an estimated value of approximately $4.6 billion. By 2025  the Film & Episodic VFX market is expected to increase to $7.3 billion  representing an approximate 12% compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) from 2021  as the industry returns to full production and the content arms race continues;The Mill   which represents 44% of TCS 2021 combined revenues  produces ground-breaking advertising  branded content and interactive marketing solutions. In 2021  the Brand Experience & Advertising Production market globally had an estimated value of approximately $30 billion  and is expected to increase to $39 billion by 2025  representing an approximate 7% CAGR from 2021  expanding beyond traditional media. Advertising spending is  however  sensitive to the macroeconomic environment and GDP growth. Should a recession occur  recession-adjusted forecasts (excluding Metaverse Virtual Asset Creation) could result in a c.10% smaller estimated market size by 2025 according to FTI Consulting estimates;Mikros Animation is our CGI animation studio dedicated to feature films  and short form and long form episodic content  serving a variety of clients globally. In 2021  it represented 14% of TCS 2021 combined revenues. CGI Animation Services’ market globally had an estimated value of approximately $2.3 billion in 2021  and is expected to increase to $2.9 billion by 2025  representing a c.6% CAGR from 2021  driven by an increase in the volume of digital episodic content;Technicolor Games is a leading art services studio for the gaming industry  and represents 2% of TCS 2021 combined revenues. The global market for outsourced game services is expected to grow rapidly  from $3.3bn in 2021 to $5.7bn in 2025  representing a 15% CAGR.Combined Financial Statements and New Key Performance IndicatorsDuring the Capital Markets Day  Laurent Carozzi  current CFO of Technicolor SA and future CFO of TCS  will present the Combined Financial Accounts along with the new key performance indicators.As part of the spin-off  TCS has updated its KPIs  with the goal of becoming more comparable with its peers and market practices  and to further align them with the way the business is managed. More precisely TCS intends to follow three KPIs:Adjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition);Adjusted EBITA after lease (new definition);Adjusted Operating Free Cash Flow after lease (new definition).As a general principle  these KPIs reflect the following:Operating leases (rents): under IFRS 16  operating leases are capitalized and included in debt. Under the new KPI definitions  they are considered as an operational expense  which improves comparability with peers’ reporting under US GAAP;Cloud rendering and other usage-based IT costs: under previous KPI definitions  these costs are accounted for as either intangible assets (third-party software) or contract costs (cloud rendering) depreciation. However  in light of the evolution of invoicing schemes applied for third-party software (which is increasingly invoiced based upon usage as opposed to fixed-term licenses)  under the new KPI definitions these costs will be treated as operating expenses;Capital leases: under IFRS  capital leases (e.g.  IT infrastructure and workstations) are accounted for as tangible or intangible assets. Under the new KPI definition  capital leases will be included in the adjusted operating free cash flow.Combined financial statements  along with detailed definitions and reconciliations of each KPI with previous definitions  are available as an appendix of the present press release.The spin-off is expected to be completed in Q3 2022  subject to (i) the shareholders’ approval of the terms of the spin-off; (ii) the completion of the refinancing discussions with creditors on terms satisfactory to Technicolor Ex-TCS (Vantiva) and TCS; and (iii) customary conditions  consultations and regulatory approvals.OutlookTCS is confirming the forward-looking assumptions published on June 6th  2022 while providing additional elements in line with the new KPIs.Overall  demand for TCS’ highest quality VFX & Animation artistry and cutting-edge technology is expected to continue to grow significantly throughout 2022 and 2023.At MPC and Mikros Animation  the divisions continue to be awarded multiple new projects  resulting in more than 80% of the revenue pipeline for MPC and Mikros Animation being already committed for 2022 as of the end of April 2022. In addition  the number of feature animation projects in production has grown from two in 2019 to six features in 2022;At the Mill  whose activity is closely related to advertising spending  activity growth is being restricted by the current global economic environment. As a result  the Mill is now expecting slower growth than initially anticipated over the period  with the main impact in 2022. Actions to mitigate the impact on margin have already been identified and initiated relating to costs and operational efficiencies;At Technicolor Games  demand for games content is expected to continue growing  along with the expansion of the Technicolor Games service offering beyond art services into co-development and quality assurance (“QA”) services.Significant investment in artist recruitment  retention  and training (including TCS Academy programs) continues  as delivering all pipeline projects remains the main challenge for 2022  as a consequence of the shortage of talent in the market. As of March 31  2022  TCS headcount approximated c. 11 700 employees across 11 countries.These market trends result in management targeting the following3:Adjusted EBITDA1 (old definition) of €165-175 million in 2022 and €185-205 million in 2023  as presented on June 6 th   2022 press release  corresponding toan Adjusted EBITDA1 after lease (new definition) of €120–130 million in 2022 and €140–160 million in 2023. As part of its new KPIs policy  TCS will now guide the market on Adjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition).TCS results are sensitive to its main currencies valuations - notably the US dollar  the Canadian dollar  and the British pound – which have evolved favorably since the beginning of the year. Hedging arrangements are in place to mitigate forex risks.In addition  TCS’ normalized level of capex (excluding other usage-based IT costs) is expected to range between 4% and 5% of revenues  while trending down in the medium term as part of operational efficiency gains; and changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities (excluding cloud rendering) are expected to result in around €10 million cash outflows impact per annum. Capital lease outflows are expected to revert to a normalized level of between €15 and €25 million per annum  in line with 2019 levels before the impact of the pandemic on the industry.In the medium term  the Group aims at improving its margin profile through multiple sources:At MPC  TCS anticipates improving margins by targeting higher value projects and volumes with the major streaming platforms  resulting in better operating leverage;At The Mill  TCS will continue its transformation program with improved bid selection  pricing strategy  and efficiencies  increased utilization of TCS’ Indian production platform  and the ongoing synergies from the consolidation of the brands;At Mikros Animation  TCS expects to improve its margins by continuing to increase the volume of feature-quality projects.These sources of margin profile improvements will be combined with proven benefits of the global integrated model  notably with the expansion of capacity in India. Headcount in India is expected to increase to c. 70% of direct headcount (compared to 63% in 2021 and 55% in 2019).TCS Financial PolicyAs part of the refinancing process  Technicolor SA has entered into discussions with Barclays and Angelo Gordon who have committed to provide a €375 million debt package to Vantiva subject to customary conditions and approvals. As a result  TCS is now contemplating a term loan of approximately €600 million and a €40 million Revolving Credit Facility.The Group’s priority is to focus on deleveraging over the next two years to align leverage with publicly listed peers (and ~3.5x Net Leverage4 in the medium term).TCS does not plan to propose dividends in the near to midterm.Capital Markets Day DetailsThe Capital Markets Day  dedicated to financial analysts and institutional investors  will begin at 1pm BST (2pm CEST) in London and virtually. All presentation materials  as well as the webcast (live and replay)  will be made available on Technicolor’s investor website at https://www.technicolor.com/investor-center .TCS’ presentation will follow that of VANTIVA  whose vision and strategy are highlighted in a separate press release issued today. All of VANTIVA’s materials  including press release and presentation  are also available on the Technicolor website: https://www.technicolor.com/investor-center .Indicative TimetableCapital Market Day for VANTIVA and TCSTechnicolor’s Shareholders’ meetingH1 2022 resultsTechnicolor’s Distribution Shareholders’ MeetingDistribution of the TCS shares June 14th  2022June 30th  2022July 28th  2022Q3  2022Q3  2022###Legal DisclaimerThis press release has been prepared by Technicolor SA (“TSA”) in connection with the Capital Markets Day on 14 June 2022  in the context of the contemplated spin-off of Technicolor Creative Studios (“TCS” or the “Company”) solely for informational purposes. The distribution of this press release and the distribution of the shares of the Company may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release is not an offer of securities or investments for sale nor a solicitation of an offer to buy securities or investments in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. No action has been taken that would permit an offering of the securities or possession or distribution of this press release in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this press release comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete and no reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy  fairness or completeness. Any purchase or subscription of shares of the Company should be made solely on the basis of the information contained in the prospectus in connection with the listing of TCS shares on the regulated market of Euronext Paris which will be drafted and disclosed on the Company’s website once approved by the AMF.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).FranceIn France  a public offering of securities may only be conducted on the basis of a prospectus approved by the AMF.European Economic Area and United KingdomWith respect to member states of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) other than France (each  a “Member State”) and the United Kingdom (together  the “Concerned States”)  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the shares of the Company requiring a publication of a prospectus in any Concerned State. As a result  this press release may only be distributed in Member States:a) to legal entities which are qualified investors  as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  for any investor in a Member State  or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as part of national law under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)  for any investor in the United Kingdom;b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined by the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation  as the case may be); orc) in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or in the other case which does not require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation  the UK Prospectus Regulation and/or applicable regulation in these Concerned States.United KingdomThis press release does not constitute an offer of the Securities to the public in the United Kingdom. The distribution of this press release is not made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is directed only at persons who (i) are located outside the United Kingdom  (ii) are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotions) Order 2005  or (iii) are high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotions) Order 2005 (all such persons mentioned in paragraphs (i)  (ii) and (iii) collectively being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). The Securities will only be available to Relevant Persons and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or acquire such Securities may be addressed or engaged in only with Relevant Persons. All persons other than Relevant Persons must abstain from using or relying on this document and all information contained therein. This press release is not a prospectus which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority or any other United Kingdom regulatory authority for the purposes of Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.United States of AmericaThis press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer of Securities or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for Securities in the United States. The Securities may not be offered  subscribed or sold in the United States absent registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”)  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements thereof. The shares of the Company have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and the Company does not intend to make a public offer of its securities in the United States.Canada  Australia and JapanThe Securities may not be offered or sold in Canada  Australia and Japan.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute “forward-looking statements”  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Technicolor’s filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement universel) has been filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on 5 April 2022  under number D-22-0237 and an amendment to the 2021 URD has been filed with the AMF on 29 April 2022  under number D-22-0237-A01.Selected Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresThis press release includes financial information for the years ended 31 December 2019  31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 relating to TCS. This information is derived from the combined financial statements that have been prepared by the Company in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) in the context of the distribution and have been audited by the Company’s auditors. In addition  some of the financial information contained in this press release is not directly extracted from accounting systems or records and has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS. These non-IFRS measures should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with IFRS. In addition  they are subject to inherent limitations as they reflect the exercise of judgement by management in determining these non-IFRS financial measures.###About Technicolor:www.technicolor.comTechnicolor shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCH) and are tradable in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR) in the United States on the OTCQX market (TCLRY).Investor Relations Media Alexandra FichelsonAlexandra.fichelson@technicolor.com Catherine Kuttnercatherine.kuttner@technicolor.comNathalie Feldnfeld@image7.frAPPENDIXTCS audited combined Financial StatementsCOMBINED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSSYear ended December 31  (€ in million) 2021 2020 2019 CONTINUING OPERATIONS Revenue 601 438 771 Cost of sales (495) (430) (659) Gross margin 106 8 112 Selling and administrative expenses (78) (79) (88) Restructuring costs (5) (24) (11) Net impairment losses on non-current operating assets (4) (3) (2) Other income (expense) 0 (2) 0 Earnings before Interest & Tax (EBIT) from continuing operations 20 (100) 11 Interest income 10 5 4 Interest expense (31) (19) (31) Other financial income (expense) - 2 (3) Net financial expense (21) (12) (30) Share of gain (loss) from associates - 0 0 Income tax income (expense) (18) 10 (8) Loss from continuing operations (19) (102) (27) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Net gain (loss) from discontinued operations 5 (24) (11) - - - Net loss for the year (14) (126) (38) - - - Attributable to: - Equity holders (14) (126) (38) - Non-controlling interest - - -COMBINED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEYear ended December 31  (€ in million) 2021 2020 2019 Net income (loss) for the year (14) (126) (38) Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss Remeasurement of the defined benefit obligations 1 (1) (1) Tax relating to these items - - - Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Fair value gains / (losses)  gross of tax on cash flow hedges: - reclassification adjustments when the hedged forecast transactions affect profit or loss - 0 3 Tax relating to these items - - - Currency translation adjustments - currency translation adjustments of the year 14 (19) 7 - reclassification adjustments on disposal or liquidation of a foreign operation - - - Tax relating to these items - - - Total other comprehensive income 15 (20) 9 Total other comprehensive income of the period 1 (146) (29) Attributable to : - Equity holders 1 (146) (29) - Non-controlling interest - - -COMBINED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION(€ in million) December 31  2021 December 31  2020 December 31  2019 ASSETS Goodwill 188 176 192 Intangible assets 96 102 118 Property  plant and equipment 46 51 81 Right-of-use assets 117 98 209 Other operating non-current assets 11 9 9 TOTAL OPERATING NON-CURRENT ASSETS 459 436 610 Non-consolidated investments 1 - - Other financial non-current assets 14 16 5 TOTAL FINANCIAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 14 16 6 Deferred tax assets 22 22 10 TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 495 475 626 Trade accounts and notes receivable 63 57 71 Contract assets 74 42 62 Other operating current assets 31 38 36 TOTAL OPERATING CURRENT ASSETS 169 137 169 Income tax receivable 7 7 12 Other financial current assets 181 65 139 Cash and cash equivalents 12 28 9 Assets classified as held for sale 2 73 - TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 372 310 328 TOTAL ASSETS 866 785 954COMBINED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION(€ in million) December 31  2021 December 31  2020 December 31  2019 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Invested equity and retained earnings 357 319 459 Cumulative translation adjustment (130) (144) (124) Shareholders equity attributable to owners of TCS 227 175 335 Non-controlling interests - 1 1 TOTAL INVESTED EQUITY 227 175 335 Retirement benefits obligations 5 6 6 Provisions 3 - - Contract liabilities 1 1 2 Other operating non-current liabilities 10 9 10 TOTAL OPERATING NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 19 16 18 Borrowings 1 1 1 Lease liabilities 107 86 174 Deferred tax liabilities 16 11 14 TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 143 114 207 Provisions 6 9 7 Trade accounts and notes payable 40 28 53 Accrued employee expenses 62 55 51 Contract liabilities 77 36 36 Other operating current liabilities 39 33 32 TOTAL OPERATING CURRENT LIABILITIES 226 162 179 Borrowings 216 235 174 Lease liabilities 27 28 48 Income tax payable 28 15 10 Liabilities classified as held for sale - 56 - TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 497 495 412 TOTAL LIABILITIES 640 610 619 TOTAL EQUITY & LIABILITIES 866 785 954COMBINED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS December 31  (€ in million) 2021 2020 2019 Net loss (14) (126) (38) Gain (Loss) from discontinuing activities 5 (24) (11) Loss from continuing activities (19) (102) (27) Summary adjustments to reconcile loss from continuing activities to cash generated from (used in) continuing operations Depreciation and amortization 83 95 96 Impairment of assets (1) 4 2 Net changes in provisions (3) 3 2 Loss on asset disposals (3) 1 0 Interest (income) and expense 21 14 28 Other items (including tax) 23 (12) 12 Changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities 30 (3) 7 Cash generated from (used in) continuing activities 131 1 119 Interest paid on lease debt (9) (9) (11) Interest paid (23) (9) (18) Interest received 12 4 2 Income tax paid (1) 0 (5) NET OPERATING CASH GENERATED FROM (USED IN) CONTINUING ACTIVITIES (I) 110 (12) 87 Acquisition of subsidiaries  associates and investments  net of cash acquired (0) (1) (0) Proceeds from sale of investments  net of cash 0 (0) 0 Purchases of property  plant and equipment (PPE) (10) (6) (36) Proceeds from sale of PPE and intangible assets 2 0 0 Purchases of intangible assets including capitalization of projects (16) (24) (22) Cash collateral and security deposits granted to third parties (13) (12) (1) Cash collateral and security deposits reimbursed by third parties 11 0 1 NET INVESTING CASH USED IN CONTINUING ACTIVITIES (II) (26) (42) (57) Net contributions from / (distributions to) Technicolor SA(5) 21 (12) Net cash pooling varianceRepayments of lease debt(81)(31)105(42)14(40)Repayments of borrowings (1) (0) (1) NET FINANCING CASH GENERATED FROM (USED IN) CONTINUING ACTIVITIES (III) (118) 85 (39) NET CASH GENERATED (USED IN) DISCONTINUED ACTIVITIES (IV) 17 (8) (6) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINING OF THE YEAR 28 9 23 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (I+II+III+IV) (16) 22 (16) Exchange gains / (losses) on cash and cash equivalents (0) (3) 2 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR 12 28 9COMBINED STATEMENT OF CHANGE OF EQUITY(€ in million) Invested equity and retained earnings Cumulative translation adjustment Equity attributable to equity holders of the Group Non-controlling interest Total invested equity Balance as of December 31  2018 260 (131) 129 1 130 Net loss for the year (38) - (38) 0 (38) Other comprehensive income 2 7 9 - 9 Total comprehensive income for the period (36) 7 (29) 0 (29) Net contributions from / (distributions to) Technicolor SA 235 - 235 - 235 Shared-based payment to employees 1 - 1 - 1 Balance as of December 31  2019 459 (124) 335 1 335 Net loss for the year (126) - (126) 0 (126) Other comprehensive income (0) (19) (20) - (20) Total comprehensive income for the period (126) (19) (146) 0 (146) Net contributions from / (distributions to) Technicolor SA (15) - (15) - (15) Shared-based payment to employees 0 - 0 - 0 Balance as of December 31  2020 319 (144) 175 1 175 Net loss for the year (14) - (14) 0 (14) Other comprehensive income 1 14 15 - 15 Total comprehensive income for the period (13) 14 1 0 1 Net contributions from / (distributions to) Technicolor SA 51 - 51 - 51 Shared-based payment to employees 1 - 1 - 1 Balance as of December 31  2021 357 (130) 227 0 227Key performance indicatorsAs part of the carve-out  the TCS Group has reviewed its key performance indicators  with the goal of becoming more comparable with its peers and market practices  whilst being more aligned with the way the business is managed. More precisely:Operating leases (rents): under IFRS 16  operating leases are capitalized and included in debt (with related interest expenses accounted for in financial results). Total rent paid (mostly real estate rent related) over the period is subtracted from non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA after lease  as considered as an operational expense  which improves comparability with peers’ reporting under US GAAP;Cloud rendering and other usage-based IT costs: under previous KPI definitions  these costs are accounted for as either intangible assets (third-party software) or contract costs (cloud rendering) depreciation. However  in light of the evolution of invoicing schemes applied for third-party software (which is increasingly invoiced based upon usage as opposed to fixed-term licenses)  the Group’s non-GAAP key performance indicators will instead treat usage-based IT costs as operating expenses. Accordingly  as cloud rendering and other usage-based IT costs are treated as operating expenses  the Group’s non-GAAP key performance indicator related to free cash flow will include the following adjustments:(i) Capital expenditures will exclude usage-based third-party software; and(ii) Change in working capital will exclude cloud rendering;Capital leases: under IFRS  capital leases (e.g.  IT infrastructure and workstations) are accounted for as tangible or intangible assets (and accordingly in net financing cash generated from (used in) continuing activities). These are now included in the non-GAAP operating free cash flow after lease definition.As a result  the Group intends to follow three main non-GAAP financial indicators.Adjusted EBITA after lease (new definition):EBIT adjusted positively by:The amortization of intangibles that arose from acquisitions or disposals (PPA amortization);Restructuring costs;Other non-current items  comprising Other (expenses) income  Impairment (losses) gain and Capital gains/losses.And negatively by:The difference between operating lease payments and operating leased assets depreciation.Adjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition):Adjusted EBITA after lease (new definition) adjusted by adding back:Depreciation and amortization  excluding depreciation of usage-based IT costs  operating leased assets depreciation and Amortization of intangibles that arose from acquisitions or disposals (PPA amortization);Non-cash income and expense such as equity-settled share-based payments.Adjusted Operating Free Cash Flow after lease (new definition) defined as:Adjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition) minus:Capital expenditures  excluding usage-based IT cost (without cloud rendering);Capital leases cash out;Restructuring cash out;Change in working capital  excluding cloud rendering cash out;Other non-current cash out.In m€ 2021 2020 2019 P&LRevenues 601 438 771 EBIT 20 (100) 11 In % of revenues 3.4% -22.8% 1.4% Operating leases – rent paid cancellation (mostly real estate) (22) (21) (25) Operating leases - depreciation 16 17 21 Amortization of purchase accounting items (PPA) 8 8 8 Restructuring costs 5 24 11 Other non-current items 4 5 2 Adjusted EBITA after lease (new definition) 31 (67) 29 In % of revenues 5.2% -15.2% 3.8% Depreciation & amortization (1) 43 55 64 Other non cash items (2) 1 - 1 Adjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition) 75 (12) 94 In % of revenues 12.5% -2.7% 12.3% FCFAdjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition) 75 (12) 94 Capex (3) (14) (23) (56) Capital leases (cash out) (11) (24) (26) Restructuring (7) (13) (6) WC&OAL variance (4) 30 (3) 7 Other non-current cash out 1 (4) (2) Adjusted Operating Free Cash Flow after lease (new definition) 74 (78) 11 In % of Adjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition) 99.0% n.m. 11.2%(1) Excluding cloud rendering and other usage-based IT costs  operating lease depreciation and PPA amortization  including capital lease depreciation.(2) Mainly costs of equity settled share-based compensation.(3) Excluding usage based IT costs (without cloud rendering).(4) Excluding cloud rendering.Below is a reconciliation of TCS figures published by Technicolor SA prior to the carve-out with TCS combined account figures and with new labels and definitions to be published for TCS going forward:Previous label and definitions 2021A New labels and definitions In m€  at current rate As published(TCH segment definition) Change in scope(3) Combined accounts(previous definition) Cloud rendering and other usage-based IT costs Operating risk & litigation reserves Operating leases (rents) Combined accounts(new definition) Revenues from continuing operations 629 -28 601 601 Revenues Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 113 -5 107 -10 -2 -22 75 Adjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition) As a % of revenues 17.9% 18.1% 12.5% As a % of revenues D&A(1) & Reserves(2)  witho PPA amortization -72 1 -70 10 2 16 -44 D&A(1) & Reserves(2)  witho PPA amortization (new definition) Adjusted EBITA from continuing operations 41 -4 37 0 0 -6 31 Adjusted EBITA after lease (new definition) As a % of revenues 6 5% 6 2% 5 2% As a % of revenues PPA amortization -8 -8 -8 PPA amortization Non recurring items -6 -2 -8 -8 Non recurring items 6 6 Reclassification of interests on operating leases to net financial income (IFRS 16 reclassification) EBIT from continuing operations 27 -6 20 0 0 0 20 EBIT As a % of revenues 4.3% 3.5% 3.5% As a % of revenues Net financial income (loss) -21 -21 Net financial income (loss) Income tax -18 -18 Income tax Share of gain (loss) from associates 0 0 Share of gain (loss) from associates Profit (loss) from continuing operations -19 -19 Profit (loss) from continuing operations Net gain (loss) from discontinued operations 5 5 Net gain (loss) from discontinued operations Net income (loss) -14 -14 Net income (loss) Other information Other information Net capex -24 10 -14 Capex (4) Change in WCR (incl. rendering) 29 0 29 Change in WCR (excl. rendering)Previous label and definitions 2020A New labels and definitions In m€  at current rate As published(TCH segment definition) Change in scope(3) Combined accounts(previous definitions) Cloud rendering and other usage-based IT costs Operating risk & litigation reserves Operating leases (rents) Combined accounts(new definitions) Revenues from continuing operations 513 -75 438 438 Revenues Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 18 - 18 -10 0 -21 -12 Adjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition) As a % of revenues 3.6% 4.2% -2.7% As a % of revenues D&A(1) & Reserves(2)  witho PPA amortization -97 16 -81 10 0 17 -55 D&A(1) & Reserves(2)  witho PPA amortization (new definition) Adjusted EBITA from continuing operations -78 15 -63 0 0 -4 -67 Adjusted EBITA after lease (new definition) As a % of revenues -15 3% -14 3% -15 3% As a % of revenues PPA amortization -8 - -8 -8 PPA amortization Non recurring items -16 -13 -29 -29 Non recurring items 4 4 Reclassification of interests on operating leases to net financial income (IFRS 16 reclassification) EBIT from continuing operations -103 3 -100 0 0 0 -100 EBIT As a % of revenues -20.0% -22.8% -22.8% As a % of revenues Net financial income (loss) -12 -12 Net financial income (loss) Income tax 10 10 Income tax Share of gain (loss) from associates 0 0 Share of gain (loss) from associates Profit (loss) from continuing operations -102 -102 Profit (loss) from continuing operations Net gain (loss) from discontinued operations -24 -24 Net gain (loss) from discontinued operations Net income (loss) -126 -126 Net income (loss) Other information Other information Net capex -30 7 -23 Capex (4) Change in WCR (incl. rendering) -5 2 -3 Change in WCR (excl. rendering)Previous label and definitions 2019A New labels and definitions In m€  at current rate As published(TCH segment definition) Change in scope(3) Combined accounts(previous definitions) Cloud rendering and other usage-based IT costs Operating risk & litigation reserves Operating leases (rents) Combined accounts(new definitions) Revenues from continuing operations 893 -122 771 771 Revenues Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 164 -14 150 -32 1 -25 94 Adjusted EBITDA after lease (new definition) As a % of revenues 18.3% 19.4% 12.2% As a % of revenues D&A(1) & Reserves(2)  witho PPA amortization -136 18 -118 32 -1 21 -65 D&A(1) & Reserves(2)  witho PPA amortization (new definition) Adjusted EBITA from continuing operations 28 4 32 0 0 -3 29 Adjusted EBITA after lease (new definition) As a % of revenues 3.1% 4.2% 3.7% As a % of revenues PPA amortization -8 - -8 -8 PPA amortization Non recurring items -16 3 -13 -13 Non recurring items 3 3 Reclassification of interests on operating leases to net financial income (IFRS 16 reclassification) EBIT from continuing operations 3 8 11 0 0 0 11 EBIT As a % of revenues 0 3% 1 4% 1 4% As a % of revenues Net financial income (loss) -30 -30 Net financial income (loss) Income tax -8 -8 Income tax Share of gain (loss) from associates 0 0 Share of gain (loss) from associates Profit (loss) from continuing operations -27 -27 Profit (loss) from continuing operations Net gain (loss) from discontinued operations -11 -11 Net gain (loss) from discontinued operations Net income (loss) -38 -38 Net income (loss) Other information Other information Net capex -57 2 -56 Capex (4) Change in WCR (incl. rendering) -24 31 7 Change in WCR (excl. rendering)(1) Including IT capacity use for rendering in Technicolor Creative Studios(2) Risk  litigation and warranty reserves(3) Mainly Post Production(4) Excluding usage IT cost based (without cloud rendering).Risk FactorsRisk Factors related to TCS businessCovid-19 pandemic/Health & Safety: production delays  client delays  postponements or cancellations of projects and additional healthy and safety costs as a result of Covid-related restrictions may negatively impact the Group’s business.Highly competitive industries: highly competitive nature of the environment across all divisions (Film & Episodic VFX  Advertising  Animation and Games Art Services). In particular  Film & Episodic VFX projects are increasingly split among a significant number of VFX vendors due to tightening production deadlines and clients’ wanting to diversify vendor risk. Furthermore  customers’ insourcing of VFX and/or animation services may limit or reduce the addressable market in the future.Client concentration: a significant part of the Group’s business remains dependent upon its relationships with key content producers  including the major Hollywood studios  streaming providers and directors–any substantial deterioration in these relationships may negatively impact the Group’s business and financial performance. Customer consolidation may also lead to an overall reduction in the volume of production on new content that requires VFX or animation servicesCustomer project management: potential difficulty for the Group to anticipate and allocate resources appropriately to execute projects on time and on budget  to reduce variances between projects and to adapt to changes imposed by customers according to their production and release schedules  particularly for projects across multiple countries and time zones.Attract talents & invest in culture: dependency on the recruitment and engagement of specialised personnel with a strong skills set (creative  technical  operational  etc.)  with specific industry knowledge. The lack of a strategy/value proposition or cultural projects for the inclusion of the People & Talent function  combined with declining financial results  could reduce the attractiveness of the GroupSkills & knowledge management  development & retention: transformation  the current financial situation  lack of investment in systems  poaching by competitors and the absence of a strong culture  workplace wellness programs and key talent identification processes (such as high potential programs)  may impact  depending on the business and the country or region  the ability to retain experience and employees in strategic positions  resources on which the Group reliesCybersecurity: due to the existence of highly sensitive and confidential content  the secure management and transmission of Company and client information is a critical component of the Group’s business. Unreliable content security systems and protocols can compromise both sensitive information and Group assetsInterest rate and exchange rate fluctuations: the Group faces both exchange rate translation  as fluctuation can have an impact on the value of the assets  liabilities  revenues and expenses in Group’s Combined Financial Statements  even if the value of these items has not changed in their original currency. The Group also faces transaction risk  mainly in its sales in U.S. dollar versus Canadian dollar  versus British pound and versus Indian rupeeEvolving legal compliance & ethics: the Group operates a global business that exposes it to risks associated with conducting business in multiple jurisdictions. The laws and regulations to which the Group may be subject include  but are not limited to  general business practices  competitive practices  anti-corruption  handling of personal data  consumer protection  corporate governance  employment laws  local and international tax regulations and intellectual property rights. Any major changes in these laws and regulations could impact the Group’s businessesRisk Factor related to spin -offSpin-off: the main risk associated with the spin-off is that the Company may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the spin-off  and the spin-off may adversely affect its business1For a definition of Adjusted EBITDA after lease  refer to the Appendix section of the present press release.2 The market information  including size and growth potential  is taken primarily from independent sources such as FTI Consulting (Vendor Due Diligence Report  April 2022). All data and information presented in this Press release attributed to FTI Consulting reflect the Group’s interpretation of the data  research and viewpoints expressed in the Vendor Due Diligence Report published by FTI Consulting in April 2022 and have not been reviewed by FTI Consulting. Any FTI Consulting publication should be read and interpreted as of its original publication date  not as of the date of this Press release. FTI Consulting does not assume responsibility to third parties for information presented in this press release extracted from studies  reports or other materials prepared by FTI Consulting.3 These guidance for TCS assumes external macroeconomic assumptions  including a EUR/USD exchange rate of 1.15  EUR/CAD of 1.52  EUR/GBP of 0.89. It also includes management assumption reflecting accounting changes implied by the IFRIC interpretation on Saas adjustment  relating to the configuration or customization costs in a cloud computing arrangement. The one-off impacts of IFRIC interpretation are expected to be material for 2022 as software capex were budgeted  resulting in a negative impact on EBITDA with €(4) million  €(2) million on EBITA  and +€4 million on capex. For 2023  these impacts are expected to be less material. Management also estimates running dissynergy costs of €4-6 million in 2022 and €10-15 million in 2023.4 Net debt/EBITDAAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.72,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['Capital Markets Day', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'attractive pure play equity story', 'new key performance indicators', '12% compound annual growth rate', 'strong, experienced management team', 'future Chief Executive Officer', 'TCS’ key strategic pillars', 'Technicolor Creative Studios brand', 'past two years', 'superior workflow processes', 'proven track records', 'deep sector expertise', 'interactive marketing solutions', 'TCS executive team', 'new exciting chapter', 'Capital Markets Day', 'profitable global studio', 'content arms race', 'first-choice production partner', 'growing addressable markets', 'separate press release', 'tech-enabled content creation', 'TCS ’ v ision', 'TCS v ision', 'TCS 2021 combined revenues', 'best creative talent', 'new KPIs policy', 'Episodic VFX market', 'TCS’ future CFO', 'independent global leader', 'Advertising Production market', 'TCS’ future CEO', 'key markets', 'new markets', 'strategic direction', 'rigorous management', 'Brand Experience', 'growing market', 'first partner', 'creative companies', 'different creative', 'future name', 'new definition', 'future Chairman', 'production capabilities', 'strong demand', 'strong positioning', 'full production', 'visual content', 'profitable growth', 'value creation', 'growing TAM', 'ground-breaking advertising', 'branded content', 'Technicolor Ex-TCS', 'Technicolor SA', 'future company', 'independent company', 'Laurent Carozzi', 'other members', 'financial objectives', 'w orld', 'structural growth', 'Richard Moat', 'transformation process', 'agile business', 'unleashing talent', 'award-winning portfolio', 'significant opportunities', 'enhanced value', 'current President', 'blue-chip customers', 'skilled talent', 'amazing teams', 'visual storytelling', 'talent development', 'cost efficiency', 'client-focused, technology-driven', 'high-quality projects', 'margin enhancement', 'client servicing', 'post-Covid-19 era', 'R&D', 'existing capabilities', 'Metaverse opportunity', 'estimated value', 'The Mill', 'TCS’ focus', 'TCS’ mission', 'Christian Roberton', 'June 14th', 'Euronext Paris', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'underlying large', 'cutting-edge technology', 'The Group', 'approximate 7% CAGR', 'June 6', 'France', 'TCH', 'OTCQX', 'TCLRY', 'London', '1pm', 'CEST', 'VANTIVA', 'roadmap', 'vision', 'strategy', 'assumptions', 'case', 'efficient', 'collaboration', 'industry', 'stakeholders', 'world', 'relationships', 'audiences', 'creativity', 'successes', 'capacity', 'Employer', 'MPC', 'Film', 'traditio']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6443,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nicox-2022-ordinary-shareholder-meeting-053000097.html,Nicox: 2022 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting,Press ReleaseNicox: 2022 Ordinary Shareholder MeetingJune 14  2022 – release at 7:30 am CET Sophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124...,June 14  2022 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  Informs its shareholders that the Ordinary general meeting convened on first call on Tuesday June 14  2022  cannot be held as the quorum required by law will not be reached.The shareholders of Nicox are thus convened on second call for an Ordinary general meeting on the same resolutions and the same agenda on Tuesday June 28  2022 at 2:00 pm CET in the offices of BuroClub - Drakkar 2 - Bâtiment D - 2405 route des Dolines - 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis - France.The documents mentioned in articles R.22.10-23 of the French Code de commerce  including a proxy voting form  are sent to the shareholders upon written request. These documents are also made available to shareholders at the headquarters of the Company and on its website (www.nicox.com).Shareholders may vote by proxy  by internet or by attending the Ordinary shareholder meeting in person. A guide explaining how to vote  and notably how to vote by internet  is posted on Nicox’s website. Shareholders may also contact the Company’s Investor Relations team at ag2022nicox@nicox.com for any question on the voting process. The proxy forms sent by correspondence or the electronic votes for the Ordinary general meetings of June 14  2022 remain valid for the Ordinary general meeting of June 28  2022.,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,True,English,"['2022 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'Nicox', 'French Code de commerce', 'Ordinary general meeting', 'Bâtiment D', '2405 route des Dolines', 'Ordinary shareholder meeting', 'Investor Relations team', '06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis', 'international ophthalmology company', 'proxy voting form', 'voting process', 'Euronext Paris', 'first call', 'second call', 'same resolutions', 'same agenda', 'proxy forms', 'electronic votes', 'Nicox SA', 'Tuesday June', 'release', 'CET', 'France', 'shareholders', 'quorum', 'law', 'offices', 'BuroClub', 'Drakkar', 'documents', 'articles', 'written', 'request', 'headquarters', 'website', 'internet', 'person', 'guide', 'ag2022nicox', 'question', 'correspondence', '7:30', '2:00']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6444,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/technicolor-become-vantiva-third-quarter-060400479.html,Technicolor to Become VANTIVA in the Third Quarter of 2022,Technicolor to Become VANTIVA in the Third Quarter of 2022 PARIS  June 14  2022 – Technicolor SA (Euronext Paris: TCH; OTCQX: TCLRY) announces today the...,TECHNICOLORTechnicolor to Become VANTIVA in the Third Quarter of 2022PARIS  June 14  2022 – Technicolor SA (Euronext Paris: TCH; OTCQX: TCLRY) announces today the launch of its new brand: VANTIVA. VANTIVA comes in the wake of the proposed spinoff of Technicolor Creative Studios (TCS) announced on February 24  2022. The new brand will be comprised of the Connected Home and DVD Services operations. By the end of the third quarter  subject to shareholder approval  VANTIVA will also become the new corporate name of Technicolor SA.“As a result of the TCS spin-off  VANTIVA  our new standalone company  will be able to grow on its own terms and follow its own strategy ” said Luis Martinez-Amago  who is expected to be appointed chief executive officer of VANTIVA.This new situation will allow the executive team of VANTIVA to build on a proven track record of success serving the connected home and home entertainment services markets.For Connected Home operations  VANTIVA will continue to leverage the company’s leadership position in the high-growth Android TV and Ultra-Broadband technology markets. It will also allocate resources to move into markets that are adjacent to the connected home business.“Our customers will benefit from our now exclusive focus on designing and producing the next generation of high-quality Customer Premises Equipment at record speeds while navigating today’s volatile supply chain environment ” said Martinez-Amago.Meanwhile  the company’s DVD services operations will be known as VANTIVA Supply Chain Services. The division will build on its decades-long mastery of high-precision  submicron-engineering in DVD manufacturing  its recognized leadership in custom packaging and its leadership position in national and international distribution.“We have evolved these vertical strengths of precision manufacturing  supply chain and fulfillment and freight and distribution; and have developed an exceptionally strong reputation in the market around tailored end-to-end customer solutions for these ” said Martinez-Amago.Story continuesVANTIVA’s streamlined structure will enable the company to further reinforce its existing relationships with all its customers. It creates a unique opportunity to establish an identity that is completely aligned with the needs of its core markets while executing its growth strategy in new domains.The change of the corporate name of Technicolor SA to VANTIVA SA is subject to the approval of Technicolor SA shareholders  during the shareholders’ meeting to approve the spin-off that will be convened in the third quarter of 2022.About Technicolor:Technicolor is a worldwide leader in the creation and seamless delivery of extraordinary entertainment experiences. By uniting industry-leading artistry with world-class innovation  the company and its family of creative brands help storytellers bring their most ambitious visions to life. By innovating next-generation broadband and video technologies  we partner with the world’s leading service providers to deliver seamless connectivity and premium entertainment experiences  connecting audiences and the content they love – unlimited by time  place or medium.www.technicolor.com – Follow us: @Technicolor and on LinkedIn.Media contact:Carole BernardCMO  Technicolor Connected Homecarole.bernard@technicolor.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Third Quarter', 'Technicolor', 'high-quality Customer Premises Equipment', 'volatile supply chain environment', 'home entertainment services markets', 'VANTIVA Supply Chain Services', 'extraordinary entertainment experiences', 'premium entertainment experiences', 'DVD Services operations', 'high-growth Android TV', 'leading service providers', 'chief executive officer', 'proven track record', 'Ultra-Broadband technology markets', 'end customer solutions', 'Connected Home operations', 'new corporate name', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'Technicolor Connected Home', 'new standalone company', 'Technicolor SA shareholders', 'home business', 'DVD manufacturing', 'executive team', 'record speeds', 'core markets', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'creative brands', 'new brand', 'new situation', 'new domains', 'Third Quarter', 'exclusive focus', 'next generation', 'decades-long mastery', 'high-precision, submicron-engineering', 'custom packaging', 'vertical strengths', 'precision manufacturing', 'strong reputation', 'existing relationships', 'unique opportunity', 'worldwide leader', 'seamless delivery', 'industry-leading artistry', 'world-class innovation', 'ambitious visions', 'next-generation broadband', 'video technologies', 'seamless connectivity', 'Media contact', 'leadership position', 'VANTIVA SA', 'Euronext Paris', 'shareholder approval', 'international distribution', 'growth strategy', 'Luis Martinez-Amago', 'TCS spin-off', 'Carole Bernard', 'June', 'TCH', 'OTCQX', 'TCLRY', 'launch', 'wake', 'spinoff', 'February', 'result', 'terms', 'success', 'resources', 'customers', 'division', 'fulfillment', 'freight', 'Story', 'streamlined', 'structure', 'identity', 'needs', 'change', 'creation', 'family', 'life', 'audiences', 'content', 'time', 'place', 'medium', 'LinkedIn', 'CMO', 'Attachment']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6445,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-acquisition-technology-businesses-053000990.html,Euronext announces the acquisition of the technology businesses from Nexi’s capital markets activities,Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces the acquisition of the technology businesses from Nexi’s capital markets activitiesAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  London  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 14 June 2022 – Euronext Group (“Euronext”) and Nexi S.p.A. (“Nexi”) announce the signing of the sale and purchase of the technology businesses currently powering MTS  Euronext’s leading fixed-income trading platform  and Euronext Securities Milan (formerly called Monte Titoli) by Nexi to Euronext (the “Transaction”).The purchase price will be paid in cash and amounts to c. €57m  subject to customary closing adjustments.This Transaction is a new step in Euronext’s strategy to leverage its integrated value chain as it further enhances Euronext’s technology competencies and capabilities in trading and post trade. The Transaction will also strengthen the core operations of MTS and Euronext Securities Milan  which joined Euronext in April 2021. With this Transaction  Euronext internalises the core trading platform of MTS and its largest IT contract. It enables Euronext to become more agile and efficient by fully owning the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities Milan.Nexi  the leading PayTech in Europe  has been a partner of choice of MTS and Euronext Securities Milan for more than 30 years  powering their technology. Following the Transaction  Nexi will continue to provide technology services to Euronext under transitional arrangements and other services under related commercial agreements.Story continuesThe Transaction  which will be realized through Euronext’s subsidiaries MTS and Euronext Securities Milan  is expected to close in the second half of 2022 and is subject to the customary approvals from the competent authorities and completion of the union consultation procedure.Renato Martini  Digital Banking & Corporate Solutions Director at Nexi  said: “This sale  consistent with our strategy following the mergers with SIA and Nets  will allow us to focus further on our core business  digital payments  accelerating our growth in Europe and focusing on the realisation of synergies.""Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board at Euronext  said: “The planned acquisition of the technology assets driving MTS and Euronext Securities Milan is a key milestone in the Borsa Italiana Group integration process. At Euronext  owning the intellectual property of our critical operations is at the center of our strategy  to secure the robustness of our operations and to enable further development and product innovation. We look forward to welcoming the new teams to the Euronext Group.”CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir @euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end March 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.24,0.23,0.53,True,English,"['capital markets activities', 'technology\xa0businesses', 'Euronext', 'acquisition', 'Nexi', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration process', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading fixed-income trading platform', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Nexi S.p.A.', 'core trading platform', 'integrated value chain', 'related commercial agreements', 'union consultation procedure', 'Corporate Solutions Director', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'global capital markets', 'customary closing adjustments', 'largest IT contract', 'total product offering', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'capital markets activities', 'main regulated market', 'Euronext Securities Milan', 'leading PayTech', 'market capitalisation', 'junior markets', 'The Group', 'customary approvals', 'largest centre', 'funds listings', 'investment activities', 'Euronext Group', 'core business', 'derivatives markets', 'Euronext Clearing', 'new step', 'post trade', 'core operations', 'transitional arrangements', 'other services', 'second half', 'competent authorities', 'Renato Martini', 'Digital Banking', 'digital payments', 'Managing Board', 'key milestone', 'intellectual property', 'product innovation', 'new teams', 'European economies', 'regulated exchanges', '2,000 listed issuers', 'end March', 'transparent equity', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'reasonable care', 'right o', 'critical operations', 'technology businesses', 'technology competencies', 'technology services', 'technology assets', 'purchase price', 'sustainable growth', 'information purposes', 'The Transaction', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'acquisition', 'London', '14 June', 'signing', 'sale', 'MTS', 'cash', 'amounts', 'strategy', 'capabilities', 'April', 'partner', 'choice', '30 years', 'Story', 'subsidiaries', 'completion', 'mergers', 'SIA', 'Nets', 'realisation', 'synergies', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'center', 'robustness', 'development', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', '70']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6446,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marel-transactions-relation-share-buyback-123000125.html,Marel: Transactions in relation to share buyback programs,During the days 8-10 June 2022 Marel hf. purchased 690 500 of its own shares on Nasdaq Iceland at the purchase price of ISK 417 608 000 and 32 572 of its own...,"Marel hf.During the days 8-10 June 2022 Marel hf. purchased 690 500 of its own shares on Nasdaq Iceland at the purchase price of ISK 417 608 000 and 32 572 of its own shares on Euronext Amsterdam at the purchase price of EUR 143 746. See further details in attachment and on Marel’s website: marel.com/buybackThe trade is in accordance with Marel’s buyback programs on Nasdaq Iceland and Euronext Amsterdam  announced on 1 June 2022  which are based on the authorization of Marel hf.´s Annual General Meeting regarding the purchase of own shares on 16 March 2022.Marel hf. held 14 705 704 own shares prior to the notified transactions or the equivalent to 1.91% of issued shares in the company and held 15 428 776 own shares after the transactions  or the equivalent of 2.00% of issued shares in the company.Marel hf. has purchased a total of 1 636 954 own shares under the buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland  for a total purchase price of ISK 993 257 124 and a total of 87 372 own shares under the buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam for a total purchase price of EUR 389 188.Buybacks under both programs will amount to a total maximum of 5 000 000 shares  thereof 4 000 000 on Nasdaq Iceland and 1 000 000 on Euronext Amsterdam  or the equivalent of total 0.65% of issued shares. The maximum total purchase price of the program on Nasdaq Iceland is up to ISK 3 047 668 000 and the maximum total purchase price of the program on Euronext Amsterdam is up to EUR 5 590 000. The buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland is in effect from 1 June 2022 until and including 1 September 2022. The buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam is in effect from 2 June 2022 until and including 2 September 2022.The buyback programs are executed in accordance with Chapter VIII. of the Icelandic Act No. 2/1995 on Public Limited Companies  Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on market abuse (""MAR"")  and the Commission’s delegated regulation 2016/1052 cf. also Icelandic Act No. 6/2021 on measures against Market Abuse.Story continuesInvestor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 500 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['buyback programs', 'Marel', 'Transactions', 'relation', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'maximum total purchase price', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Public Limited Companies', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'total maximum', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Chapter VIII', 'Icelandic Act', 'European Parliament', 'market abuse', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'buyback programs', 'Regulation No.', 'Marel hf.', '87,372 own shares', 'total 0.', '1,636,954 own', '5,000,000 shares', 'days', 'June', 'ISK', 'details', 'attachment', 'website', 'trade', 'accordance', 'authorization', '16 March', 'transactions', 'equivalent', 'company', 'Buybacks', 'effect', '1 September', '2 September', 'Council', 'Commission', 'measures', 'Story', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'poultry', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,500 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', '705,704', '15', '428,776']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6447,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/correction-marel-transactions-relation-share-134300960.html,Correction: Marel: Transactions in relation to share buyback programs,Correction: In Marel‘s announcement on 13 June 2022 in relation to transaction in connection with the ongoing share buyback programs  information in the...,"Marel hf.Correction: In Marel‘s announcement on 13 June 2022 in relation to transaction in connection with the ongoing share buyback programs  information in the attachment was missing. A new file with the complete information has been attached.During the days 8-10 June 2022 Marel hf. purchased 690 500 of its own shares on Nasdaq Iceland at the purchase price of ISK 417 608 000 and 32 572 of its own shares on Euronext Amsterdam at the purchase price of EUR 143 746. See further details in attachment and on Marel’s website: marel.com/buybackThe trade is in accordance with Marel’s buyback programs on Nasdaq Iceland and Euronext Amsterdam  announced on 1 June 2022  which are based on the authorization of Marel hf.´s Annual General Meeting regarding the purchase of own shares on 16 March 2022.Marel hf. held 14 705 704 own shares prior to the notified transactions or the equivalent to 1.91% of issued shares in the company and held 15 428 776 own shares after the transactions  or the equivalent of 2.00% of issued shares in the company.Marel hf. has purchased a total of 1 636 954 own shares under the buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland  for a total purchase price of ISK 993 257 124 and a total of 87 372 own shares under the buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam for a total purchase price of EUR 389 188.Buybacks under both programs will amount to a total maximum of 5 000 000 shares  thereof 4 000 000 on Nasdaq Iceland and 1 000 000 on Euronext Amsterdam  or the equivalent of total 0.65% of issued shares. The maximum total purchase price of the program on Nasdaq Iceland is up to ISK 3 047 668 000 and the maximum total purchase price of the program on Euronext Amsterdam is up to EUR 5 590 000. The buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland is in effect from 1 June 2022 until and including 1 September 2022. The buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam is in effect from 2 June 2022 until and including 2 September 2022.The buyback programs are executed in accordance with Chapter VIII. of the Icelandic Act No. 2/1995 on Public Limited Companies  Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on market abuse (""MAR"")  and the Commission’s delegated regulation 2016/1052 cf. also Icelandic Act No. 6/2021 on measures against Market Abuse.Story continuesInvestor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 500 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment",negative,0.02,0.42,0.56,mixed,0.28,0.19,0.53,True,English,"['buyback programs', 'Correction', 'Marel', 'Transactions', 'relation', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'ongoing share buyback programs', 'maximum total purchase price', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Public Limited Companies', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'total maximum', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'new file', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Chapter VIII', 'Icelandic Act', 'European Parliament', 'market abuse', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'Regulation No.', 'Marel hf', 'complete information', 'total 0.', 'Correction', 'announcement', '13 June', 'transaction', 'connection', 'attachment', 'days', 'shares', 'ISK', 'details', 'website', 'trade', 'accordance', '1 June', 'authorization', '16 March', 'equivalent', 'company', '1,636,954 own', '87,372 own', 'Buybacks', 'effect', '1 September', '2 June', '2 September', 'Council', 'Commission', 'measures', 'Story', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,500 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', '14,705,704', '15', '428,776']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6448,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unibail-rodamco-westfield-sell-almere-050000639.html,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield to sell Almere Centrum in The Netherlands for €155 Mn,Paris  Amsterdam  June 14  2022 Press release Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield to sell Almere Centrum in The Netherlands for €155 Mn Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW)...,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEParis  Amsterdam  June 14  2022Press releaseUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield to sell Almere Centrum in The Netherlands for €155 MnUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW) announces an agreement with a group of private investors led by the UMB Group for the sale of Almere Centrum in The Netherlands. The Net Disposal Price of €155 Mn is in line with the last appraisal value.Almere Centrum is an 87 000 sqm high-street retail asset located in the city centre of Almere.The transaction is expected to complete before the end of July  subject to standard closing conditions. Upon closing  URW will have completed €2.7 Bn of its planned €4 Bn European disposal programme.For further information  please contact :Investor RelationsMaarten Otte+33 7 63 86 88 78Maarten.Otte@urw.comMedia RelationsNathalie Feld – Image 7+33 6 30 47 18 37nfeld@image7.frCornelia Schnepf – FinElk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is a dynamic  global developer and operator of Flagship Destinations  with a portfolio valued at €54.5 Bn as at December 31  2021  of which 86% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention & exhibition venues and 2% in services. Currently  the Group owns and operates 84 shopping centres  including 53 Flagships in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States. Present on 2 continents and in 12 countries  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield provides a unique platform for retailers and brand events and offers an exceptional and constantly renewed experience for customers.With the support of its 2 800 professionals and an unparalleled track-record and know-how  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield is ideally positioned to generate superior value and develop world-class projects.Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield distinguishes itself by its Better Places 2030 agenda  that sets its ambition to create better places that respect the highest environmental standards and contribute to better cities.Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Euronext ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.Story continuesFor more information  please visit www.urw.comVisit our Media Library at https://mediacentre.urw.comFollow the Group updates on Twitter @urw_group   Linkedin @Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and InstagramAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Almere Centrum', 'The Netherlands', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield', 'The Net Disposal Price', '87,000 sqm high-street retail asset', '€4 Bn European disposal programme', 'highest environmental standards', 'Chess Depositary Interests', 'last appraisal value', 'dynamic, global developer', 'Better Places 2030 agenda', 'standard closing conditions', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares', 'The Netherlands', 'superior value', 'Standard & Poor', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'private investors', 'city centre', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Nathalie Feld', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Cornelia.Schnepf', 'Flagship Destinations', 'exhibition venues', '84 shopping centres', 'dynamic cities', 'United States', 'unique platform', 'brand events', 'unparalleled track-record', 'world-class projects', 'Euronext ticker', 'secondary listing', 'BBB+ rating', 'Baa2 rating', 'Media Library', 'Instagram Attachment', 'Almere Centrum', 'UMB Group', 'Group updates', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'Maarten Otte', '€2.7 Bn', 'June', 'URW', 'agreement', 'sale', 'line', 'transaction', 'July', 'information', 'Image', 'nfeld', 'FinElk', 'operator', 'portfolio', 'December', 'offices', 'convention', 'services', '53 Flagships', '2 continents', '12 countries', 'retailers', 'exceptional', 'experience', 'customers', 'support', '2,800 professionals', 'know-how', 'ambition', 'Australia', 'Moody', 'Story', 'mediacentre', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6449,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fagron-increases-share-capital-exercise-170000510.html,Fagron increases share capital through exercise subscription rights,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  13 June 2022 – 7PM CET Fagron increases share capital through exercise subscription...,Fagron NVRegulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  13 June 2022 – 7PM CETFagron increases share capital through exercise subscription rightsFagron announces that as a result of the exercise of subscription rights  32 500 new shares have been issued on 10 June 2022. These newly issued shares are entitled to dividend as of the 2022 financial year.In accordance with the Belgian transparency legislation  Fagron notes that its total share capital currently amounts to € 502 094 125.17. The total number of shares with voting rights after the issue amounts to 72 992 654 which is also the total number of voting rights (the ‘denominator’). The total number of rights (formerly known as warrants) to subscribe to not yet issued shares with voting rights amounts to 2 153 750.Further informationKaren BergGlobal Investor Relations ManagerTel. +31 6 53 44 91 99karen.berg@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics  and patients in 35 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Please open the link below for the press release:Fagron increases share capital through exercise subscription rights,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['exercise subscription rights', 'share capital', 'Fagron', 'Global Investor Relations Manager', 'leading global company', 'Belgian transparency legislation', 'exercise subscription rights', 'total share capital', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch company', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', '7PM CET', '2022 financial year', 'Further information', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'English translation', 'Dutch original', 'press release', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', '32,500 new shares', 'Karen Berg', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '13 June', 'result', '10 June', 'dividend', 'accordance', 'issue', 'denominator', 'warrants', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '35 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'latter', 'link', '31']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6450,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aker-offshore-wind-merger-aker-054700141.html,Aker Offshore Wind: Update on Merger with Aker Horizons,"Reference is made to the previous stock exchange announcements by Aker Offshore Wind AS (""Aker Offshore Wind"" or ""AOW"") regarding the contemplated merger...","NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OF ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN.OSLO  Norway  June 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the previous stock exchange announcements by Aker Offshore Wind AS (""Aker Offshore Wind"" or ""AOW"") regarding the contemplated merger with Aker Horizons ASA (""Aker Horizons""). The merger will be carried out as a triangular merger whereby AOW will merge with Aker Horizons' wholly-owned subsidiary AH Tretten AS as the surviving entity and Aker Horizons will issue consideration shares.The creditor notice period for the merger will expire at midnight on Thursday 16 June 2022. Provided that no creditors have objected to the merger by such time  the merger is expected to be completed after close of trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange on Friday 17 June 2022 (the ""Effective Date"")  which accordingly will be the last day of trading in the AOW shares on Euronext Growth (Oslo).Eligible shareholders in AOW (other than Aker Horizons) will receive 0.1304 merger consideration shares in Aker Horizons for each share owned in AOW as of the expiry of the Effective Date  as such shareholder appear in the shareholder register with Euronext Securities Oslo (the ""VPS"") as at the expiry of two trading days thereafter (the ""Record Date"")  expected to be Tuesday 21 June 2022.The consideration shares are expected to be delivered to the eligible shareholders through VPS on or about Wednesday 22 June 2022. Fractions of shares will not be allotted  and the number of consideration shares delivered to each eligible AOW shareholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole number. Excess shares  which as a result of this round down will not be allotted  will be issued to and sold by DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA. The sales proceeds will be given to Aker Horizons  which will give the sales proceeds further to charity.Story continuesAdvisorsPareto Securities AS is engaged as financial adviser to AOW and Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS is acting as legal counsel to AOW. Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS is acting as legal counsel to Aker Horizons.CONTACT:Investor contact:Tom Selwood  +44 (0)7743 502455  tom.selwood@akeroffshorewind.comMedia contact:Maria Lanza Knudsen  +47 484 42 426  maria.knudsen@akeroffshorewind.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/aker-offshore-wind-as/r/aker-offshore-wind--update-on-merger-with-aker-horizons c3584758The following files are available for download:https://news.cision.com/aker-offshore-wind-as/i/dock90-wfa-hookup- c3060441 DOCK90 WFA HookupCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aker-offshore-wind-update-on-merger-with-aker-horizons-301567238.htmlSOURCE Aker Offshore Wind AS",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.21,0.22,0.57,True,English,"['Aker Offshore Wind', 'Aker Horizons', 'Update', 'Merger', 'SOURCE Aker Offshore Wind AS', 'previous stock exchange announcements', 'c3060441 DOCK90 WFA Hookup', 'AH Tretten AS', 'Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS', 'Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS', 'creditor notice period', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Pareto Securities AS', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'Aker Horizons ASA', 'two trading days', 'nearest whole number', 'Maria Lanza Knudsen', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', '0.1304 merger consideration shares', 'Euronext Growth', 'DNB Markets', 'surviving entity', 'Effective Date', 'last day', 'Record Date', 'Excess shares', 'sales proceeds', 'financial adviser', 'legal counsel', 'following files', 'original content', 'Eligible shareholders', 'shareholder register', 'Investor contact', 'Media contact', 'Thursday 16 June', 'Friday 17 June', 'Wednesday 22 June', 'triangular merger', 'AOW shares', 'news.cision', 'Tom Selwood', 'AOW shareholder', 'AOW.', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PART', 'JURISDICTION', 'THE', 'OFFER', 'Norway', 'PRNewswire', 'Reference', 'subsidiary', 'midnight', 'creditors', 'time', 'close', 'expiry', 'VPS', 'Tuesday', 'Fractions', 'result', 'round', 'charity', 'Story', 'Advisors', 'akeroffshorewind', 'information', 'offshore-wind', 'update', 'aker-horizons', 'download']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6451,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/elis-result-option-payment-dividend-154000540.html,Elis: Result of the option for the payment of the dividend in shares for 2021,Result of the option for the payment of the dividend in shares for 2021 Saint-Cloud  June 14  2022 - The General Shareholders Meeting held on 19 May 2022 has...,ElisResult of the option for the payment of the dividend in shares for 2021Saint-Cloud  June 14  2022 - The General Shareholders Meeting held on 19 May 2022 has decided to offer each shareholder an option of payment of the dividend for the financial year 2021 of EUR 0.37 per share in cash or in new shares of the Company.The issue price of the new shares issued in payment of the dividend was set at EUR 12.96. The terms and conditions of this option to pay the dividend in shares were detailed in the press release of 20 May 2022.The option period was open from 27 May to 10 June 2022 inclusive. At the end of this period  60.02% of the rights were exercised in favor of the payment in shares of the dividend for the financial year 2021. As a result  3 842 846 new shares will be issued  representing 1.7% of the Company's share capital on the basis of the share capital existing on 31 May 2022  and a balancing payment of 220.26 euros will be paid in addition.The settlement and delivery of the shares and their admission to Euronext Paris will take place on June 16  2022. These shares will carry immediate rights and will be assimilated to the existing ELIS shares.The amount of the dividend for the financial year 2021 to be paid in cash to shareholders who have not opted for payment in shares amounts to 33 173 284.25 euros (excluding fees) and will be paid as of 16 June 2022.ContactNicolas Buron  Investor Relations Director – Phone: +33 1 75 49 98 30 - nicolas.buron@elis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Elis', 'Result', 'option', 'payment', 'dividend', 'shares', 'The General Shareholders Meeting', 'Investor Relations Director', 'existing ELIS shares', 'financial year', 'issue price', 'press release', 'Euronext Paris', 'share capital', 'new shares', 'shares amounts', 'immediate rights', 'balancing payment', 'Nicolas Buron', 'option period', 'Result', 'dividend', 'Saint-Cloud', 'June', '19 May', 'cash', 'Company', 'terms', 'conditions', '20 May', '27 May', 'favor', 'basis', '31 May', '220.26 euros', 'addition', 'settlement', 'delivery', 'admission', 'place', '284.25 euros', 'fees', 'Contact', 'Phone', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6452,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-063000896.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 7 June 2022 – 13 June 202,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  14 June 2022 In the period from 7 June 2022 until 13 June 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 47 390 of its...,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  14 June 2022In the period from 7 June 2022 until 13 June 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 47 390 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €23.75 per share for a total amount of €1 125 304.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 600 000 of own shares  which was announced on 24 February 2022. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 461 835.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comStory continuesDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.3,0.36,0.34,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'June', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'share buy-back programme', 'Investment Management', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '14 June', 'period', '7 June', '13 June', 'repurchases', 'part', '24 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'sharebuyback', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6453,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coachhub-raises-200m-series-c-070000006.html,CoachHub Raises $200M Series C  Led by Sofina and SoftBank Vision Fund 2 to Democratize Coaching Worldwide,CoachHub  the leading global digital coaching platform  closed a $200M Series C funding round  led by Sofina and SoftBank Vision Fund 2. The round will be...,"The global category leader and pioneer in digital coaching secures funding to accelerate the rise of digital coaching around the world.NEW YORK  June 14  2022 /CNW/ -- CoachHub   the leading global digital coaching platform  closed a $200M Series C funding round  led by Sofina and SoftBank Vision Fund 2. The round will be used to further scale CoachHub's product innovation and operations while accelerating the company's global expansion. Following an $80M round only eight months ago  this Series C brings the three-year-old company's total funding to $330M. In addition to Sofina and SoftBank Vision Fund 2  existing investors including Molten Ventures  Speedinvest  HV Capital  Signals Venture Capital and Silicon Valley Bank/SVB Capital also participated in the round.CoachHub (PRNewsfoto/CoachHub)The significant growth investment round pays tribute to CoachHub's outstanding traction and global market position. This investment round comes at a time when the corporate learning industry is undergoing rapid transformation and the digital coaching segment is expected to grow by up to 100 times   resulting in most major organizations looking to implement digital coaching at scale by the end of the decade.Yanni Pipilis  Managing Partner at SoftBank Investment Advisers said  ""The Learning and Development sector is witnessing strong secular trends toward the digitization and personalization of services. CoachHub's digital platform aims to provide a tailored coaching experience to employees at all levels to help advance their careers. We are pleased to partner with the CoachHub team to support their mission of democratizing coaching.""A vast majority (77%) of learning and development professionals feel there is now a greater need to train and develop employees than before the COVID-19 pandemic  according to CoachHub's recent Global HR Survey . Coaching plays an important role in people development strategies and is now more accessible than ever with CoachHub's convenient  location-independent digital platform.Story continues""As workplaces continue adapting to the new normal of hybrid and remote models  leaders need individual support and solutions to boost employee performance  engagement and motivation  while keeping wellbeing at the forefront "" said Matti Niebelschuetz  Co-founder of CoachHub. ""Digital coaching offers these benefits and more  resulting in spiking global demand for CoachHub's services.""Provided by CoachHub to employees at all career levels — not just senior-level executives — coaching enhances leadership skills  improves job performance and ultimately builds a more resilient  more productive workforce. Through web- and mobile-based applications  the revolutionary end-to-end digital coaching platform matches learners to a pool of more than 3 500 certified business coaches that speak more than 60 languages and reside in 90 countries  across all time zones. The app couples human intelligence with artificial intelligence technology to pair employees with their ideal coaches and curate a library of content that enhances their learning journey.Since its inception three years ago  CoachHub has grown rapidly to become the global category leader. This latest round of funding will fuel further expansion  with particular emphasis on the United States. The company plans to increase its headcount from 850 worldwide employees to more than 1 000 by the end of the year. The company serves most leading global economies and works with large multinational enterprises like Coca-Cola  Danone  Toyota  LVMH  L'Oréal  Credit Suisse and Twitter.CoachHub is supported by more than 150 product engineers and a world-class  in-house Coaching Lab that employs a team of 30 leading behavioral scientists and is headed by Prof. Dr. Jonathan Passmore  the renowned professional psychologist and coaching researcher. The CoachHub Science Council is an international team of behavioral science experts and educators who help drive R&D for the company by converting scientific evidence into a science-based digital coaching offer. The company also maintains strategic partnerships with renowned organizations like EMCC Global.""We believe 1:1 coaching will continue to be one of the most effective ways of enhancing the socio-emotional and leadership skills needed to thrive in an increasingly complex and rapidly evolving workplace. As a company that seeks to democratize access to quality coaching  CoachHub's mission resonates with our Responsible Investment strategy. We look forward to partnering with them to further their global ambitions."" said Harold Boël  CEO  Sofina.This funding round comes on the heels of CoachHub's expansion into the Asian market as well as the acquisition of leading French coaching platform MoovOne and leading Austrian provider Klaiton Coaching  strengthening CoachHub's global category leadership.About CoachHubCoachHub is the leading global talent development platform that enables organizations to create personalized  measurable and scalable coaching programs for the entire workforce  regardless of department and seniority level. By doing so  organizations are able to reap a multitude of benefits  including increased employee engagement  higher levels of productivity  improved job performance and increased retention. CoachHub's global pool of coaches comprises over 3 500 certified business coaches in 90 countries across six continents with coaching sessions available in over 60 languages  to serve more than 500 clients. Our programs are based on advanced R&D from our Coaching Lab  led by Prof. Jonathan Passmore and our Scientific Board. CoachHub is backed by leading tech investors  including Sofina  SoftBank Vision Fund 2  Molten Ventures  Speedinvest  HV Capital  Partech and Silicon Valley Bank/SVB Capital. In September 2021  CoachHub acquired French digital coaching pioneer MoovOne and in February 2022 the coaching division of Klaiton in Austria  to build a global champion focused on democratizing coaching.About SofinaSofina is a family controlled and run investment company listed on Euronext Brussels  managing its own assets of circa €11 billion. Sofina aspires to be the preferred partner of entrepreneurs and families who lead growing companies by backing them with patient capital and supportive advice. Common vision and strong alignment of interests with its partners are paramount in the deployment of its sustainable strategy. For more information  visit www.sofinagroup.com .CONTACT: Alyssa Rinehart  alyssa@blastmedia.comCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/coachhub-raises-200m-series-c-led-by-sofina-and-softbank-vision-fund-2-to-democratize-coaching-worldwide-301566897.htmlSOURCE CoachHubCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/June2022/14/c1053.html",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.53,0.31,0.16,True,English,"['$200M Series C', 'SoftBank Vision Fund', 'CoachHub', 'Sofina', 'Coaching', 'leading Austrian provider Klaiton Coaching', 'leading global talent development platform', 'leading global digital coaching platform', '$200M Series C funding round', 'Prof. Dr. Jonathan Passmore', 'recent Global HR Survey', 'leading French coaching platform', 'Silicon Valley Bank/SVB Capital', 'convenient, location-independent digital platform', 'most leading global economies', 'science-based digital coaching offer', 'significant growth investment round', 'end digital coaching platform', 'The CoachHub Science Council', '30 leading behavioral scientists', 'behavioral science experts', 'global category leader', 'SoftBank Vision Fund', 'Signals Venture Capital', 'SoftBank Investment Advisers', 'strong secular trends', 'people development strategies', 'large multinational enterprises', ""L'Oréal"", 'Responsible Investment strategy', 'Harold Boël', 'digital coaching segment', 'tailored coaching experience', 'house Coaching Lab', 'scalable coaching programs', 'global market position', 'most major organizations', '3,500 certified business coaches', 'artificial intelligence technology', 'renowned professional psychologist', 'corporate learning industry', 'global demand', 'EMCC Global', 'global ambitions', 'HV Capital', 'Development sector', 'development professionals', 'democratizing coaching', 'coaching researcher', 'quality coaching', 'global expansion', 'human intelligence', 'ideal coaches', 'renowned organizations', 'Asian market', 'latest round', 'leadership skills', 'total funding', 'NEW YORK', 'product innovation', 'existing investors', 'Molten Ventures', 'outstanding traction', 'rapid transformation', 'up to', 'Yanni Pipilis', 'Managing Partner', 'vast majority', 'greater need', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'important role', 'new normal', 'remote models', 'individual support', 'employee performance', 'Matti Niebelschuetz', 'senior-level executives', 'job performance', 'productive workforce', 'mobile-based applications', 'revolutionary end', 'particular emphasis', 'United States', 'Credit Suisse', '150 product engineers', 'R&D', 'scientific evidence', 'strategic partnerships', 'effective ways', 'evolving workplace', 'personalized, measurable', 'entire workforce', 'learning journey', 'international team', 'career levels', 'time zones', '850 worldwide employees', 'three-year-old company', 'CoachHub team', '1:1 coaching', 'pioneer', 'June', 'CNW', 'Sofina', 'operations', '$80M', 'addition', 'Speedinvest', 'PRNewsfoto', 'tribute', '100 times', 'scale', 'decade', 'digitization', 'personalization', 'services', 'careers', 'mission', 'Story', 'workplaces', 'hybrid', 'solutions', 'engagement', 'motivation', 'wellbeing', 'forefront', 'founder', 'benefits', 'learners', 'pool', '60 languages', '90 countries', 'library', 'content', 'inception', 'headcount', 'Coca-Cola', 'Danone', 'Toyota', 'LVMH', 'Twitter', 'educators', 'socio-emotional', 'complex', 'access', 'CEO', 'heels', 'acquisition', 'MoovOne', 'department']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6454,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000997.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Jun 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7912 £ 25.0537 Estimated MTD return 1.13 % 1.19 % Estimated YTD return -1.40 % -0.99 % Estimated ITD return 187.91 % 150.54 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.17 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.6587 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.4692The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'Story', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6455,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000363.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Jun 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7912 £ 25.0537 Estimated MTD return 1.13 % 1.19 % Estimated YTD return -1.40 % -0.99 % Estimated ITD return 187.91 % 150.54 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.17 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.6587 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.4692The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'Story', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6456,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ipsos-unveils-four-plan-accelerate-063500304.html,Ipsos unveils four-year plan to accelerate growth and shareholder value creation and be the most recognized market research partner in the world,Ipsos unveils four-year planTo accelerate growth and shareholder value creationAnd be the most recognized market research partner In the World Paris  June...,"IPSOSIpsos unveils four-year planTo accelerate growth and shareholder value creationAnd be the most recognized market research partnerIn the WorldParis  June 14th  2022 – Ipsos is hosting today its Investor Day. Ben Page  CEO  and other members of the Company will present the group’s ambition  its clear roadmap fueled by investments in people and technology – “the Best People and Best Technologies”  and the financial objectives for 2022-2025. In summary  the priorities are:Keep people at the heart of the strategy Continue to recruit  train and retain the best experts in the industry Increase significantly data scientists and technologist headcount  from 1 500 to 2 000 in 2025Reinforce Ipsos leadership in platforms  operational capabilities and specialized servicesFocused organic growth and smart acquisitions Double investments in data analytics  technology and Knowledge PanelsAlign Ipsos strategy and performance with Ipsos criteria for a sustainable futureBe the leading edge of the market research industry in terms of ESG Assist our clients in their transformation to hit sustainability and ESG imperativesRenewal of the management team  including the appointment of Dan L é vy as Group CFOPriorities for capital allocation and returning value to shareholdersSpend between €100m and €200m per year for smart acquisitions Additional investment CAPEX  ~€50m per year Keep Dividend policy: between 25%-30% of Adjusted EPS Launch of a new share buyback plan (on top of the recurring buyback programme set up to compensate dilution of Share-Based payments to managers and employees): up to 2% of capital per year  depending on market conditionsFinancial objectives of 2022-2025Confirmed guidance for 2022 Increase organic growth guidance from 3%-5% per annum (in 2019-2021) to 5%-7% per annum in 2023-2025 – revenue would reach €3bn by 2025 (including acquisitions) Operating margin: > 13% at the end of the period and at 15% on a longer termDidier Truchot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  commented: “The growth plan presented today is a continuation of the work begun in 2018 to transform the group and enables us to increase our shareholder value creation. The performance delivered over the last two years  during the pandemic  has shown the relevance of our positioning  the resilience of our model and the unfailing commitment of our teams. Ben Page  CEO  can rely on the full support of the Board in the implementation of this accelerated growth plan. Our renewed governance will support Ipsos' development and enable it to continue to invest in people and technology to strengthen its leadership and create value for its clients  employees and shareholders.”Story continuesBen Page  Chief Executive Officer  added: “I am convinced that our strategic ambition for Ipsos is the right one. In this environment  Ipsos is more than ever positioned as the ‘Heart of Science and Data’ to enable our clients to understand our rapidly changing world and make more informed and better decisions for their businesses. Our operating model is unique and has proven its strong resilience over the last two years. We intend to leverage our leading human and technological expertise to accelerate our growth  expand our market share  and make Ipsos the most recognized market research in the world.”***The Investor Day will take place today at 2:30pm CET and will comprise of comprehensive presentations from members of the Ipsos leadership team:My plan for Ipsos: the Heart of Science and Data – Ben Page  CEOFinancial projections – Laurence Stoclet  Deputy CEO & Dan Levy  Group CFOLeading our industry in ESG – Ewa Brandt  Global CSR Officer  Head of the Ipsos Foundation  and Didier Truchot  Chairman of the BoardBuilding cutting -edge technology – David Zotter  Global Chief Technology Officer and Andrei Postoaca  Ipsos.Digital CEOGrowing in the USA – Lorenzo Larini  North America CEOGrowing in other markets : examples from India and China - Amit Adarkar  India CEO and Lifeng Liu  China CEOWinning in key services: examples in Healthcare & the Public Sector – Michael Spedding  Global Healthcare Lead and Kelly Beaver  UK & Ireland CEOConclusion & Q&ALive webcast link: https://www.ipsos.com/en/investor-dayAudio dial-in:+33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66+44 (0) 33 0551 0200+1 212 999 6659DISCLAIMERThis press release includes forward-looking statements which are based on management’s current views and assumptions. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements made about strategy  ramp-up and delivery schedules  and market expectations  as well as statements regarding future performance and outlook. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances and there are many factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include but are not limited to:Changes in general economic  political or market conditions;Aggravation of adverse geopolitical events  including Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the resulting imposition of export control restrictions and international sanctions  and rising military tensions around the world;Impact of a pandemic including an extension of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting health and economic crisis;Major changes in regulatory requirements;The successful execution of internal performance plans  including cost reduction and productivity efforts;Customer performance ;Execution of M&A strategy;Any other risks already disclosed in the Universal Registration Document 2021 (in section 3 – Risk factors)As a result  Ipsos’s actual results may differ materially from the plans  goals and expectations set forth in such forward-looking statements.Any forward-looking statement contained in this presentation speaks as of the date of this presentation. Ipsos undertakes no obligation to publicly revise or update any forward-looking statements in light of new information  future events or otherwise.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Our tagline ""Game Changers"" sums up our ambition to help our 5 000 customers move confidently through a rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.29,0.21,True,English,"['recognized market research partner', 'shareholder value creation', 'four-year plan', 'Ipsos', 'growth', 'world', 'specialized services Focused organic growth', 'North America CEO Growing', 'new share buyback plan', 'Global Chief Technology Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Global CSR Officer', 'recurring buyback programme', 'Adjusted EPS Launch', 'last two years', 'Live webcast link', 'Dan L é vy', 'organic growth guidance', 'Global Healthcare Lead', 'shareholder value creation', 'market research partner', 'The Investor Day', 'cutting -edge technology', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'market research industry', 'Ipsos.Digital CEO', 'Align Ipsos strategy', 'Ipsos leadership team', 'key services', 'market share', 'growth plan', 'Dan Levy', 'market conditions', 'market expectations', 'four-year plan', 'June 14th', 'Ben Page', 'clear roadmap', 'Best Technologies', 'financial objectives', 'best experts', 'technologist headcount', 'operational capabilities', 'Knowledge Panels', 'sustainable future', 'leading edge', 'management team', 'Additional investment', 'Dividend policy', 'Share-Based payments', 'Operating margin', 'longer term', 'Didier Truchot', 'unfailing commitment', 'full support', 'right one', 'leading human', 'technological expertise', 'comprehensive presentations', 'Financial projections', 'Laurence Stoclet', 'Deputy CEO', 'Ewa Brandt', 'David Zotter', 'Andrei Postoaca', 'Lorenzo Larini', 'other markets', 'Amit Adarkar', 'Lifeng Liu', 'Public Sector', 'Michael Spedding', 'Kelly Beaver', 'Ireland CEO', 'Q&A', 'press release', 'current views', 'delivery schedules', 'unknown risks', 'future events', 'actual results', 'smart acquisitions', 'Ipsos criteria', ""Ipsos' development"", 'Ipsos Foundation', 'other members', 'data scientists', 'Double investments', 'data analytics', 'Group CFO', 'capital allocation', 'shareholders Spend', 'strategic ambition', 'operating model', 'strong resilience', 'India CEO', 'China CEO', 'many factors', 'ESG imperatives', 'changing world', 'Board Building', 'future performance', 'Best People', 'Paris', 'Company', 'summary', 'priorities', 'heart', 'platforms', 'terms', 'clients', 'transformation', 'sustainability', 'Renewal', 'appointment', 'CAPEX', 'top', 'dilution', 'managers', 'employees', 'annum', 'revenue', 'period', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'continuation', 'work', 'pandemic', 'relevance', 'positioning', 'teams', 'implementation', 'governance', 'Story', 'environment', 'Science', 'rapidly', 'informed', 'decisions', 'businesses', 'place', '2:30pm', 'USA', 'examples', 'Winning', 'UK', 'Conclusion', 'investor-day', 'DISCLAIMER', 'assumptions', 'ramp-up', 'outlook', 'nature', 'uncertainty', 'circumstances', 'developments', '2022', '44']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6457,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/groupe-partouche-turnover-2nd-quarter-160000290.html,GROUPE PARTOUCHE: Turnover 2nd quarter: € 89.1 M - Good upturn in the activity at the end of the quarter,Turnover 2nd quarter: € 89.1 MGood upturn in the activity at the end of the quarter Paris  14th June 2022  06:00 pm - Groupe Partouche  one of the European...,"GROUPE PARTOUCHETurnover 2nd quarter: € 89.1 MGood upturn in the activity at the end of the quarterParis  14th June 2022  06:00 pm - Groupe Partouche  one of the European gaming leaders  published today its consolidated turnover for the 2nd quarter of 2022 (February 2022 – April 2022)As a preamble  let it be reminded that during the 2nd quarter of the previous financial year ""2021"" (February 2021 to April 2021)  all French casinos were closed under the general measures taken by the Government to deal with the Covid-19 pandemic. Abroad  the casino in Ostend (Belgium) also remained closed. The Swiss casinos of Meyrin and Crans-Montana were able to welcome again their customers with no curfew  as from 19th April 2021  but while respecting health constraints. The Djerba casino (Tunisia) remained open but constrained by a curfew starting at 10 p.m. Swiss online games  deployed on 16th November 2020  and Belgian online games and betting were active throughout the quarter.All casinos are open during the 2nd quarter of the year under review (February 2022 to April 2022)  but continue to suffer from the health constraints in place  which affect their attendance:In France  the “vaccination pass”  introduced on 24th January 2022  remained in force until 13th March 2022 included  limiting customers’ access to the casinos;While attendance is thus down (-19.7%) compared to the 2nd quarter of 2019 (February 2019 to April 2019  last period excluding the Covid crisis)  the average basket increased by +20.8% to € 89 on the same period (with a French GGR down -4.0%). It should be noted that the drop in attendance has eased since the lifting of the vaccination pass (-13.7% between 14th March and 30th April 2022 compared to the same period in 2019).In Switzerland  the presentation of the ""vaccination pass"" has been lifted as from 17th February 2022.In addition  the 2nd quarter 2022 takes into account the scope effects especially related to:the disposal on 31 st January 2022 of the stake held in the Crans-Montana casino (GGR of € 3.3 M in the 2 nd quarter of 2019  the casino being closed in Q2 2020 and for most of Q2 2021) the cessation of the online games and betting in Belgium and of the management of the Ostend casino since 29th July 2021 (during the 2nd quarter of 2021  the GGR in Belgium amounted to € 22.8 M and to € 11.5 M in the 2nd quarter of 2020).Story continuesTurnover 2nd quarter 2022: € 89.1 MTaking into account the aforementioned items  the Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) stands at € 148.2 M during the 2nd quarter of 2022 compared to € 25.1 M in 2021. Particularly  the ramping up of the Swiss online games whose GGR amounts to € 3.3 M compared to € 1.1 M in the 2nd quarter of 2021  should be noted. After levies  the Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) triples to € 70.8 M (compared to €22.0 M in N-1).Overall  revenue for the 2nd quarter 2022 amounts to € 89.1 M  compared to € 23.6 m in 2021 (x3.8) and € 105.3m in 2019  down -15.4 %. Off-gaming activity generates revenue of € 18.7 M compared to € 1.6 M in N-1 (x11.7) and € 22.2 M in 2019  due to the reopening of all of the Group's activities.Overall  at a constant scope  the turnover for the 2nd quarter 2022 records a limited decline of -6.2% compared to the comparable period of 2019 pre-Covid.Turnover 1st half-year 2022: € 187.2 M (compared to € 47.2 M in 2021)At the end of April  the aggregate turnover for 6 months quadruples and amounts to € 187.2 M  with a tripled Net Gaming Revenue amounting to € 153.4 M  in a dynamic climate of business development initiated since the end of the constraints linked to the vaccination pass. Overall  at constant scope  revenue for the 1st half of 2022 is down -8.5% compared to the same period of 2019 pre-Covid.End of renovation works in HyèresAfter a long period of refurbishment  largely disrupted by the Covid-19 pandemic  the Hyères casino reopened in its entirety on Wednesday 15th April. The games room has been completely redesigned and now covers 1 500 m². The outdoor terrace  equipped with slot machines and an electronic roulette  contributes to the comfort of the players. Upstairs  a restaurant with a hundred seats  including private spaces  has been created. A new entrance  distinct from that of the casino  has been specifically created for the adjoining theatre hall.Responsible gamingIn April 2022  the National Gaming Authority (ANJ - www.anj.fr) validated Groupe Partouche's 2022 action plan ""Prevention of excessive or pathological and underage gambling""  highlighting in particular the ambition and the quality of its content  associated with the innovation of specific devices.The Group's prevention policy  as a committed player in the fight against excessive gambling  aims to ensure that gaming remains an entertainment and that our customers today are our customers tomorrow.This quality support is an integral part of our mission. Each of our employees contributes to its success  through its involvement  through the dedicated training courses developed internally and through the many tools made available.Sustainability-linked loanIn February  Groupe Partouche signed its very first sustainability-linked loan with Arkéa Banque. The applicable interest rate is adjustable downwards (and upwards within the limit of the initial rate) according to an extra-financial score established by an extra-financial analysis and consulting agency  EthiFinance. The criteria are broken down into three themes: environment  social and governance. Groupe Partouche is firmly rooted in its SER (social & environmental responsibility) approach.Upcoming events:Income 1st quarter: Tuesday 28th June 2022  after stock market closing3rd quarter financial information: Tuesday 13th September 2022  after stock market closingGroupe Partouche was established in 1973 and has grown to become one of the market leaders in Europe in its business sector. Listed on the stock exchange  it operates casinos  a gaming club  hotels  restaurants  spas and golf courses. The Group operates 42 casinos and employs nearly 3 900 people. It is well known for innovating and testing the games of tomorrow  which allows it to be confident about its future  while aiming to strengthen its leading position and continue to enhance its profitability. Groupe Partouche was floated on the stock exchange in 1995  and is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment B. ISIN: FR0012612646 - Reuters: PARP.PA - Bloomberg: PARP:FPANNEX1- Consolidated turnoverIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 1st quarter 98.1 23.5 x4.2 116.6 2nd quarter 89.1 23.6 x3.8 105.3 Total consolidated turnover 187.2 47.2 x4.0 221.9 Variation constant scope vs 2019 -8.5%2- Construction of consolidated turnover2.1 – 2nd quarterIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) 148.2 25.1 x5.9 168.1 Levies -77.4 -3.1 x24.6 -84.3 Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) 70.8 22.0 x3.2 83.8 Turnover excluding NGR 18.7 1.6 x11.4 22.2 Fidelity Programme -0.5 0.0 -0.8 Total consolidated turnover 89.1 23.6 x3.8 105.32.2 – Aggregate 6 monthsIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR) 290.0 50.0 x5.8 329.4 Levies -136.6 -5.8 x23.7 -150.0 Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) 153.4 44.3 x3.5 179.4 Turnover excluding NGR 35.2 2.9 x12.2 44.2 Fidelity Programme -1.4 0.0 -1.6 Total consolidated turnover 187.2 47.2 x4.0 221.93- Breakdown of consolidated turnover by activity3.1 – 2nd quarterIn €M 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Casinos 81.6 12.4 x6.6 96.4 Hotels * 5.1 0.3 x16.4 1.6 Other 2.4 10.9 -78.0% 7.2 Total consolidated turnover 89.1 23.6 x3.8 105.33.2 – Aggregate 6 monthsIn M€ 2022 2021 Variation 2022/2021 2019 Casinos 173.5 24.5 x7.1 205.5 Hotels * 9.0 0.5 x17.4 2.8 Other 4.7 22.2 -78.7% 13.5 Total consolidated turnover 187.2 47.2 x4.0 221.9* Since 01/10/2021  the revenues of the St Amand  Forges and Divonne hotels have been moved to the Hotels activity from the Casinos activity for the first two and from the Other activity for Divonne.4- GlossaryThe ""Gross Gaming Revenue"" corresponds to the sum of the various operated games  after deduction of the payment of the winnings to the players. This amount is debited of the ""levies"" (i.e. State tax  the city halls tax  CSG  CRDS). The «Gross Gaming Revenue» after deduction of the levies  becomes the ""Net Gaming Revenue ""  a component of the turnover.Attachment",positive,0.99,0.01,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.23,0.5,True,English,"['Turnover 2nd quarter', 'GROUPE PARTOUCHE', 'Good upturn', 'activity', 'end', 'adjoining theatre hall', 'dedicated training courses', 'European gaming leaders', 'National Gaming Authority', 'Swiss online games', 'Belgian online games', 'previous financial year', 'Gross Gaming Revenue', 'Net Gaming Revenue', 'The Djerba casino', 'Wednesday 15th April', 'The Swiss casinos', 'Hyères casino', 'Turnover 2nd quarter', 'games room', 'Responsible gaming', 'consolidated turnover', 'aggregate turnover', 'The Group', 'GROUPE PARTOUCHE', 'Good upturn', '14th June', 'general measures', 'Covid-19 pandemic', '16th November', 'vaccination pass', '24th January', '13th March', 'last period', 'average basket', 'same period', '14th March', 'scope effects', '31 st January', '2 nd quarter', '29th July', 'constant scope', 'limited decline', 'comparable period', 'dynamic climate', 'business development', '1st half', 'renovation works', 'long period', 'outdoor terrace', 'slot machines', 'electronic roulette', 'hundred seats', 'private spaces', 'new entrance', '2022 action plan', 'underage gambling', 'specific devices', 'committed player', 'integral part', 'many tools', 'French casinos', 'health constraints', 'Off-gaming activity', 'prevention policy', 'excessive gambling', 'quality support', '19th April', '30th April', 'Crans-Montana casino', 'Ostend casino', 'Covid crisis', 'customers’ access', 'French GGR', '17th February', 'Paris', 'preamble', 'Government', 'Belgium', 'Meyrin', 'curfew', 'Tunisia', 'betting', 'review', 'place', 'attendance', 'France', 'force', 'drop', 'lifting', 'Switzerland', 'presentation', 'addition', 'account', 'disposal', 'stake', 'Q2', 'cessation', 'management', 'Story', 'items', 'ramping', 'levies', 'NGR', 'N-1', 'reopening', 'activities', '6 months', 'refurbishment', 'entirety', 'comfort', 'players', 'restaurant', 'ANJ', 'pathological', 'ambition', 'content', 'innovation', 'fight', 'entertainment', 'mission', 'employees', 'success', 'involvement', '06:00', '10', '€', '1,500']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6458,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atos-studying-possible-separation-two-053000474.html,Atos studying a possible separation into two publicly listed companies to unlock value and implement an ambitious transformation plan,Two strong leaders in their respective markets  each with a focused strategy  a dedicated management team  an independent Board of Directors  and an adequate...,"Atos InternationalTwo strong leaders in their respective markets  each with a focused strategy  a dedicated management team  an independent Board of Directors  and an adequate financial structure: SpinCo (Evidian): a leading player in the digital transformation  big data and cybersecurity markets  delivering high growth and high margins  with a €0.4 billion plan to accelerate profitable growth TFCo (Atos): a leader in managed infrastructure services  digital workplace and professional services  with an ambitious €1.1 billion plan to drive full turnaround by 2026Contemplated project involves a prior reorganization expected to be completed during the second half of 2023 with listing and distribution of SpinCo shares by end of 2023 1Management to present its transformation plan under study at a Capital Markets Day  held today for analysts and investors.Paris – June 14  2022 – Atos  a global leader in digital transformation  high-performance computing and information technology infrastructure  today announces that it is studying a separation into two publicly listed companies:SpinCo (Evidian) would bring together Atos’ Digital and Big Data and Security (BDS) business lines  which generated in 2021 a combined €4.9 billion revenue  growing organically by +5%  and a 7.8% operating margin. SpinCo would be managed by Philippe Oliva  capitalizing on his vast international experience in the Digital sector  and would aim at achieving strong sustainable growth and double-digit margins underpinned by solid underlying market trends and synergy opportunities between BDS and Digital.TFCo (Atos) would be composed of Atos’ Tech Foundations business line  which in 2021 generated revenue of €5.4 billion (excluding Unified Communications & Collaboration (UCC))  declining organically by -12%  and a -1.1% operating margin. TFCo would be managed by Nourdine Bihmane  who brings a wealth of experience in the technology sector. TFCo would aim at delivering a full turnaround and restore growth  profitability and cash generation by 2026.Story continuesRodolphe Belmer  Chief Executive Officer of Atos  said: “Today we announce our intention to take the in-depth transformation of the Group  started at the beginning of the year  one step further. This potential new path for Atos would aim to optimize the two distinct markets that the Group operates in  both with fundamentally different dynamics: on the one hand  the infrastructure-driven  asset-led market  and  on the other hand  the digital applications and security driven market.Separating these two businesses would create two companies  leaders in their respective segments with proven and recognized track records: Tech Foundations is a trusted partner of choice for managing and modernizing mission critical systems  broadly recognized by the market for leading positions in Digital Workplace and Hybrid Infrastructure; and SpinCo would be strategically positioned on the data & security markets  recognized as the worldwide leader in managed security and #3 in supercomputing.By specializing in two businesses on different and equally attractive paths  each company would focus on what they do best for their customers  creating significant new investment capacity for both and giving both the chance for long term success  growth and achievement. I would like to thank our talented and dedicated employees  who have embarked on the Group’s transformation journey since the beginning of the year.”Bertrand Meunier  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Atos  added: ""Having examined a number of possible options  Atos’ Board of Directors is convinced that the envisioned project  presented today by the management  is the best possible for the Group  and would create the highest value for all Atos Stakeholders.”The contemplated project would maximize value for all Atos’ stakeholders by:Creating two companies  with an increased focus on their respective strategies and markets  each with a dedicated management team  the agility to better serve their customers and to execute their respective transformation plans;Providing each company with an adequate capital structure adapted to its respective growth and cash generation profile;Unlocking value of SpinCo by creating a publicly listed company exposed to high-growth and high-margin markets;Supporting TFCo’s transformation and fully financing its turnaround  thereby restoring its financial performance  while keeping optionality to participate in market consolidation;Creating a wealth of professional development opportunities for employees.Studying the creation of two strong leaders in their respective marketsSpinCo (Evidian): a leading player positioned in the high-growth digital transformation  big data and cybersecurity marketsSpinCo (Evidian) would be positioned in high growth markets  driven by the shift to public cloud  increasing need for cybersecurity  big data and analytics going mainstream  and the development of smart applications. SpinCo would be led by a seasoned management team with a successful track record  under the leadership of Philippe Oliva (and appointed deputy Group CEO in charge of the Digital/BDS perimeter) and Anil Agrawal as CFO. In 2021  the SpinCo perimeter generated €4.9 billion revenue  a 7.8% operating margin and a c. €150 million free cash flow before interest and tax. SpinCo would bring together two of Atos’ existing business lines:Digital : with 50 000 experts 2 and strong partnerships with hyperscalers and market leading software vendors  Digital partners with customers in their digital journey to help them transform their businesses. In a fast-growing market supported by the shift to cloud and an increasing demand for digital transformation  Digital is well positioned to grow. Led by Rakesh Khanna  Digital generated €3.5 billion in revenue and a high single-digit operating margin in 2021. Digital’s 2022-2026 acceleration plan  for a total cost of c. €370 million over the period  would aim at improving its sales performance in order to unlock growth potential  and transforming its delivery model in order to enhance profitability.Big Data and Security (BDS): with 9 000 highly talented experts2  BDS is the trusted partner for secure data intelligence  through two activities: Digital Security and Advanced Computing. Recognized by Gartner as the #1 player in Managed Security Services worldwide and by Hyperion as the #3 player worldwide in Supercomputing  BDS enjoys a strong position in its markets  to capitalize on a growing demand for cybersecurity and advanced computing products and services. Led by Jean-Philippe Poirault  BDS generated €1.4 billion in revenue and a mid-single-digit operating margin in 2021 (driven down by the Advanced Computing division while Digital Security stood at a high-single digit). Investments in BDS over 2022-2026  for a total amount of c. €40 million  would aim at accelerating growth  notably by repositioning its advanced computing portfolio  and stepping up operating margin  through renewed growth and improved cost base.SpinCo would benefit from strong commercial and managerial synergy opportunities between its two business lines  in particular with the fertilization of Digital’s customer base by BDS and with a joint go-to-market strategy. In total  SpinCo’s acceleration plan is expected to represent an investment of €0.4 billion over the next five years. This is expected to allow SpinCo to deliver c. 7% organic growth on average over 2022-2026 (starting from an expected €5.3 billion in 2022)  to gradually improve its operating margin to 12% in 2026 and generate €700 million in free cash flow before interest and tax  corresponding to a 75% to 80% OMDA conversion3. SpinCo’s leverage target would be below 3.0x OMDA as of 2024.TFCo (Atos): leader in Managed Infrastructure Services  Digital Workplace and Professional ServicesTFCo (Atos) would consist of Atos’ Tech Foundations business line  focused on designing  building and managing complex and vital information systems worldwide. Led by Nourdine Bihmane (and appointed Group deputy CEO in charge of the Tech Foundations perimeter) and Darren Pilcher  CFO  Tech Foundations is positioned on the infrastructure and private cloud market  which is currently experiencing a mix shift from traditional to next generation infrastructure. With 48 000 employees2 across the world and serving more than 1 200 customers across geographies and industries  Tech Foundations generated  in 2021 (excluding UCC)  €5.4 billion in revenue  a -1.1% operating margin and a €-507 million free cash flow before interest and tax (including an exceptional €-180 million cash out related to the funding of a restructuring plan in Germany and working capital normalization for around €-200 million).In order to adapt to the shifting market trends described above  TFCo would implement an ambitious turnaround plan that would ultimately reposition the business for growth  profitability and cash generation. This plan  for a total cost of €1.1 billion over the 2022-2026 period  is articulated around 3 key steps:Refocus: rationalizing the activity portfolio to pave the way for transformation  by exiting non-strategic businesses and turning around or exiting negative margin accounts;Recover: resetting the cost structure by addressing structural issues across right shoring  age pyramid  reducing third-party spending and consolidating data centers and facilities to drive cost savings;Rebound: stabilize revenue and then pivot to growth  thanks to the development of next generation offerings and investments in sales capabilities.TFCo is expected to generate c. €5.0 billion in revenue in 2022 (excluding UCC). As the turnaround plan is being executed  revenue is expected to decrease to c. €4.1 billion in 2024 before stabilizing in 2025 and resuming a growth trajectory form 2026 onwards. Operating margin is expected to turn positive in 2025 and to exceed 5% in 2026. Free cash flow before interest and tax is expected at €150 million in 2026 and growing around €50 million per year thereafter  which would enable TFCo to have a solid stand-alone path or participate in industry consolidation.FinancingShould Atos decide to move forward with this project  the Group estimates its total funding needs for the 2022-2023 period  until the contemplated separation would become effective  to be around €1.6 billion. This amount of €1.6 billion is based on a €3.4 billion cash position as of December 2021 and a €2.8 billion minimum cash needed to run the Group’s operations as of December 2023  and takes into account:An estimated €-1.4 billion total cash outflow  including the costs of the transformation plans of both SpinCo and TFCo  for their portion to be expensed in 2022 and 2023  (c. €-0.9 billion)  a potential further increase in working capital in the context of the Group transformation  (c. €-0.4 billion)  the Cloudreach acquisition  as well as free cash flows and other items for the 2022-2023 period;Debt repayments for an estimated cumulative amount of €-1.5 billion over the period;Proceeds expected from a contemplated non-core businesses disposal program (mostly within SpinCo)  for €0.7 billion.This funding requirement is covered by the Group’s current liquidity at hand  and the Group is currently in advanced discussions with two of its financing banks.After the completion of the contemplated separation  the capital structure of both Spin Co and TFCo would be designed to fit their respective financial profile and funding needs.Contemplated transaction calendar and detailsIf it is decided to move forward with the project  the objective would be to complete the separation into two entities (involving a prior reorganization of the Group) during the second half of 2023  and to complete the listing and distribution of SpinCo shares by the end of 2023  according to the preferred scenario at this stage. Atos’ Board of Directors has approved the launch of the in-depth study of the contemplated transaction. The decision on this reorganization and separate listing project and its terms and conditions will be made after the ongoing in-depth analysis has been completed; it remains conditional on general market conditions and would be subject to customary processes  including governance bodies and shareholders’ approval as well as consultation with the relevant employee representative bodies. Further information on any significant developments in this respect will be made to the market in due time  in accordance with applicable regulations.In the preferred scenario at this stage  Atos’ shareholders would retain their current shares of Atos and would receive SpinCo shares as in-kind distributions. SpinCo would be listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange. After completion of the envisaged transaction  it is currently contemplated that Atos shareholders would hold 100% of TFCo and 70% of Spin Co. The remaining 30% stake in Spin Co would be held by TFCo and monetized over time to refinance TFCo’s turnaround costs.While SpinCo and TFCo management teams will be fully dedicated to their day-to-day operations and the execution of their respective transformation plans  the potential separation process will be managed by a dedicated team led by Rodolphe Belmer  Atos Chief Executive Officer  alongside Diane Galbe  Atos Chief Strategy Officer.Atos 2022 financial outlookRevenue growth at constant currency of -0.5% to +1.5%;Operating margin of 3% to 5%;Free cash flow between €-150 million and € 200 million.Business trends at the date of this press release confirm revenue growth and free cash flow ranges and point towards the lower half of the operating margin range.AdvisorsD'Angelin & Co  Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  Perella Weinberg Partners LP and Rothschild & Co are acting as financial advisors to Atos. Darrois Villey Maillot Brochier and White & Case are acting as legal advisors and Clifford Chance is acting as tax advisor.***ContactsInvestor Relations – Thomas Guillois – +33 6 21 34 36 62 – thomas.guillois@atos.netMedia – Martin Bovo – +33 6 14 46 79 94 – martin.bovo@atos.netAbout AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 Paris Stock indexes.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group’s expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitor's behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Atos’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Atos’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 6  2022 under the registration number D.22-0247. Atos does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document does not contain or constitute an offer of Atos’s shares or any other securities for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in Atos’s shares or any other securities in France  the United States of America  or any other jurisdiction.This document includes information on specific transactions that shall be considered as projects only. In particular  any decision relating to the information or projects mentioned in this document and their terms and conditions will only be made after the ongoing in-depth analysis considering tax  legal  operational  finance  HR and all other relevant aspects has been completed  remains conditional on general market conditions and would be subject to the customary processes  including governance bodies and shareholders’ approval as well as consultation with the relevant employee representative bodies  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.1 According to preferred scenario at this stage2 Indicative and provisional figure as c. 6 000 Atos employees are still in the process of being allocated. If a decision is made to move forward with the envisaged project  full allocation is expected to be completed at the close of the project.3 Expressed in percentage of OMDA pre-IFRS 16Attachment",neutral,0.14,0.78,0.08,mixed,0.64,0.22,0.14,True,English,"['ambitious transformation plan', 'possible separation', 'two publicly', 'Atos', 'companies', 'value', 'Atos’ Tech Foundations business line', 'significant new investment capacity', 'solid underlying market trends', 'potential new path', 'BDS) business lines', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'recognized track records', 'mission critical systems', 'long term success', 'adequate capital structure', 'successful track record', 'infrastructure-driven, asset-led market', 'adequate financial structure', 'Capital Markets Day', 'seasoned management team', 'ambitious €1.1 billion plan', 'strong sustainable growth', 'cash generation profile', 'dedicated management team', 'information technology infrastructure', 'Two strong leaders', 'combined €4.9 billion revenue', 'two distinct markets', 'vast international experience', 'security driven market', 'respective transformation plans', 'professional development opportunities', 'high growth markets', 'high-growth digital transformation', '€0.4 billion plan', 'market consolidation', 'professional services', 'synergy opportunities', 'technology sector', 'financial performance', 'two publicly', 'two businesses', 'respective markets', 'high margins', 'infrastructure services', 'Hybrid Infrastructure', 'Atos International', 'high-margin markets', 'respective segments', 'dedicated employees', 'respective strategies', 'respective growth', 'depth transformation', 'transformation journey', 'two companies', 'focused strategy', 'leading player', 'profitable growth', 'digital workplace', 'prior reorganization', 'second half', 'high-performance computing', '7.8% operating margin', 'Philippe Oliva', 'Digital sector', 'double-digit margins', 'Unified Communications', 'Nourdine Bihmane', 'Rodolphe Belmer', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'digital applications', 'trusted partner', 'leading positions', 'attractive paths', 'Bertrand Meunier', 'possible options', 'public cloud', 'smart applications', 'security markets', 'big data', 'Atos’ Digital', 'Atos Stakeholders', 'Atos’ stakeholders', 'independent Board', 'full turnaround', 'global leader', 'worldwide leader', 'highest value', 'Unlocking value', 'different dynamics', 'Atos’ Board', 'Contemplated project', 'SpinCo shares', 'cybersecurity', 'Directors', 'Evidian', 'TFCo', 'listing', 'distribution', 'study', 'analysts', 'investors', 'Paris', 'June', 'separation', 'Collaboration', 'wealth', 'profitability', 'Story', 'intention', 'Group', 'beginning', 'year', 'proven', 'choice', 'supercomputing', 'company', 'customers', 'chance', 'achievement', 'talented', 'Chairman', 'number', 'increased', 'agility', 'optionality', 'creation', 'shift', 'need', 'analytics', '2023']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6459,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/air-france-klm-announces-success-051500815.html,Air France-KLM announces the success of its €2.256 billion rights issue,Roissy  June 14th 2022 Air France-KLM announces the success of its €2.256 billion rights issue The capital increase generated strong demand from existing and...,"AIR FRANCE - KLMRoissy  June 14th 2022Air France-KLM announces the success of its €2.256 billion rights issueThe capital increase generated strong demand from existing and new investors  for a total amount of €2.6 billionThe French and Dutch states participated to the full extent of their rights  to maintain their shareholdings unchanged  reiterating their confidence in Air France-KLM’s performanceCMA CGM becomes a new strategic reference shareholder with a 9.0% stake in Air France-KLM’s share capitalNet proceeds from the capital increase will be mostly used to accelerate State aid repayment and reduce related financial costs  as well as to reduce Air France-KLM’s indebtednessAir France–KLM (the “Company”) today announces that it has successfully completed its share capital increase with preferential subscription rights (the “Rights”) announced on May 24th 2022 (the “Rights Issue”). Following the subscription period  which ended on June 9th 2022  the total demand amounted to approximately 2 240 million shares  for an amount close to €2.6 billion  corresponding to a well oversubscribed transaction with a take-up rate of approximately 116%:1 831 278 510 new shares were subscribed on an irreducible basis (à titre irréductible)  representing approximately 95% of the new shares to be issued;orders submitted on a reducible basis (à titre réductible) represented 409 004 428 new shares and will therefore only be partially allocated for a number of 96 623 592 new shares.The final gross proceeds of the Rights Issue  including the issue premium  amount to approximately €2 256 million (of which €1 611 million in cash) corresponding to the issuance of 1 928 million new shares (the “New Shares”) with a par value of €1 at a subscription price of €1.17 per share.Benjamin Smith  CEO of Air France – KLM  stated “The success of our capital increase is a strong demonstration of the confidence that our existing shareholders and new investors have in the prospects of Air France-KLM. This operation  which is part of a broader strategy to transform and streamline our Group  will allow us to emerge with a stronger balance sheet and increased strategic flexibility. In a context of strong demand for travel  Air France-KLM will continue to implement its roadmap focused on increased profitability and sustainability  while meeting its customers’ expectations  fulfilling its CSR commitments and seizing the opportunities that will arise as the airline industry recovers.”Story continuesAllocation of the share capital following the transactionFollowing the settlement and delivery of the Rights Issue  Air France – KLM’s share capital will amount to 2 570 536 136 shares with a nominal value of €1 each.Air France-KLM’s shareholding structure following the settlement and delivery of the Right Issue would be as per the table below% of the capital(post Right Issue) % voting rights (post Right Issue) % of the capital(as of April 30th 2022) % voting rights (as of April 30th 2022) Number of shares / voting rights 2 570 536 136 2 826 884 172 642 634 034 871 080 285 French State 28.6% 28.5% 28.6% 28.1% Dutch State 9.3% 10.7% 9.3% 13.8% CMA CGM 9.0% 8.3% 0.0% 0.0% China Eastern Airlines1 4.7% 5.6% 9.6% 11.4% Delta Air Lines  Inc2 2.9% 4.0% 5.8% 8.6% Treasury stock 0.05% 0.1% 0.2% 0.3% Others 45.5% 42.9% 46.5% 37.8%Rationale for the Rights IssueAs announced on February 17th and detailed in the press release dated May 24th 2022  this transaction implements new recapitalization measures  following the 2021 initial capital increase.The net proceeds of the issue will be partly allocated to repaying the deeply subordinated bonds issued in April 2021 and held by the French state as well as strengthening the Company’s equity. As announced during its full-year results presentation on February 17 th 2022  the Company intends to free itself from the conditions set by the European Commission’s Covid-19 temporary framework and will therefore allocate about €1.7 billion to the repayment of the ""Covid-19 recapitalization aid"" granted in the form of undated subordinated notes (the "" TSS État "") issued in April 2021  through offset and repayment. The remainder (about €0.6 billion) will come to reduce net debt.This operation marks a significant step in the execution of the up to €4 billion equity and quasi-equity issuance program designed to strengthen the balance sheet  as announced on February 17 th . In the context of the company’s expected performance recovery  with a 7% to 8% operating margin targeted in 2024  the company is confident that no further dilutive measures will be needed. The Company’s sound financial liquidity position (€10.8 billion of cash at hand as of March 31 st 2022) and promising outlook will allow Air France-KLM to repay additional outstanding state aid  which will further improve the financing costs of the Company.The Company confirms its objective to reduce its Net debt / EBITDA ratio to reach 2.0x to 2.5x by 2023.Main shareholders subscriptionThe French state  Air France-KLM’s largest shareholder (with 28.6% of the Company’s share capital and 28.1% of voting rights)  participated on an irreducible basis to the full extent of its Rights  corresponding to a subscription of 551 404 728 New Shares. Its shareholding after the completion of the Rights Issue remains unchanged. This subscription was carried out by way of offsetting a portion of the deeply subordinated notes (TSS Etat) issued in April 2021.The Dutch state participated on an irreducible basis to the full extent of its Rights  corresponding to a subscription of 180 000 000 New Shares. Its shareholding after the completion of the Rights Issue remains unchanged.CMA CGM  exclusive strategic partner for the cargo business  becomes a new reference shareholder  with a total shareholding amounting to 231 348 252 New Shares  corresponding to 9.0% of the Company’s share capital after the Rights Issue.China Eastern Airlines and Delta Air Lines participated in the Rights Issue on a cash-neutral basis  for an aggregate amount of approximately €110.7 million by subscribing to 58 763 343 and 35 873 772 New Shares respectively by using the net proceeds from selling part of their Rights to CMA CGM. This brings their respective shareholdings to 4.7% and 2.9% of the Company’s share capital after the Rights Issue.The FCPEs (“Fond Commun de Placement Entreprise”) participated in the Rights Issue on a cash-neutral basis through the sale of part of their Rights to the benefit of CMA CGM in a proportion allowing them to partially finance the exercise of the balance of their Rights by using the net proceeds of this sale.The SPAAK (Stichting Piloten Aandelen Air France - KLM) participated in the Rights Issue on a cash-neutral basis by subscribing to new shares through the sale of part of their Rights.TimetableSettlement and delivery of the New Shares and commencement of trading on Euronext Paris and Euronext Amsterdam are expected to take place on June 16th 2022. The New Shares will immediately entitle their holders to receive dividends declared by the Company as from the date of issuance. They will be fully fungible with existing shares of the Company and will be traded on the same trading line under the same ISIN code FR0000031122.Lock-up commitmentsAir France-KLM has agreed to a lock-up period starting on the date of the signing of the underwriting agreement and expiring 180 calendar days following the settlement and delivery date of the New Shares  subject to certain exceptions.The French state  the Dutch state  China Eastern Airlines and Delta Air Lines have entered into a lock-up agreement from the approval of the Prospectus by the French Autorité des Marches Financiers (the “AMF”) and until the expiration of a period of 90 calendar days following the date of settlement and delivery of the New Shares  subject to certain exceptions.CMA CGM has agreed with the Company on a lock-up commitment as from the settlement-delivery of the New Shares until the expiry of a three-year period following this date  it being specified that CMA CGM may sell a maximum of 50% of the shares acquired in the context of the Rights Issue during an additional three-year period. This lock-up commitment will be terminated early if a firm and complete cooperation agreement in relation to air cargo is not concluded before December 1st 2022 or if such an agreement is terminated.In addition  CMA CGM committed to a 10-year period to not acquire or subscribe to any shares issued by the Company  unless such acquisition does not lead to an increase of its stake in the share capital of the Company  subject to certain exceptions. The undertaking specifies that at the end of a period of 5 years from the settlement-delivery of the New Shares  the Board of Directors of the Company may modify this undertaking in order to allow CMA CGM to increase its shareholding in the Company.The appointment of Rodolphe Saadé as a Board Director for a four-year term of office was approved by the general shareholders' meeting held on May 24th 2022 and will be effective after all regulatory approvals have been received.The Rights Issue was conducted by Deutsche Bank  HSBC  Natixis  Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale acting as Joint Global Coordinators  Lead Managers and Joint Bookrunners  ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  Banco Santander  S.A.  Citigroup and Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A acting as Joint Bookrunners; and Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A.  MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. and SMBC Bank EU AG acting as co-lead managers.Risk factorsPotential investors are also advised to consider carefully the risk factors described in chapter 3.1 “Risk factors” of the 2021 Universal Registration Document  chapter 2 “Risk factors” of the amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document and chapter 2 “Risk factors” of the Securities Note. Should all or any part of these risk factors materialize  the Company’s businesses  financials  results or ability to reach its guidance may be negatively affected and the value of the Company’s shares may also be affected.Availability of the ProspectusThe prospectus (the “Prospectus”) was approved by the AMF under number 22-0172 on 23 May 2022 and includes (i) the 2021 universal registration document (document d’enregistrement universel) of the Company filed with the AMF on 4 April 2022 under number D.22-0236 (the “2021 Universal Registration Document”)  the amendment to the 2021 universal registration document filed with the AMF on 23 May 2022 under number D.22-0236-A01  (iii) the securities note (note d’opération) dated 23 May 2022 (the “Securities Note”)  and (iv) the summary of the Prospectus (included in the Securities Note).The Prospectus is available on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the Company (www. airfranceklm.com). Copies of the Prospectus will be made available free of charge at the Company’s headquarters  located at 2  rue Robert Esnault-Pelterie  75007 Paris  France.Potential investors are advised to read the Prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the securities. The approval of the Prospectus by the AMF should not be understood as an endorsement of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market.Investor RelationsFrédéric Kahane Michiel Klinkers33 1 49 89 52 59 +33 1 49 89 52 60frkahane@airfranceklm.com michiel.klinkers@airfranceklm.comWebsite: www.airfranceklm.comIMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of ordinary shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”). Potential investors are advised to read the prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the securities. The approval of the prospectus by the AMF should not be understood as an endorsement of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market.With respect to the Member States of the European Economic Area (other than France) and the United Kingdom (each a “Relevant State”)  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any Relevant State. As a result  the securities may and will be offered in any Relevant State only (i) to qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  for any investor in a Member State of the European Economic Area  or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as part of national law under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)  for any investor in the United Kingdom  (ii) to fewer than 150 individuals or legal entities (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation  as the case may be)  or (iii) in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by Air France KLM of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that Relevant State.The distribution of this press release has not been made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This press release may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States of America (including its territories and dependencies). This press release does not constitute or form part of any offer of securities for sale or any solicitation to purchase or to subscribe for securities or any solicitation of sale of securities in the United States of America. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the law of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States of America  and may not be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Air France KLM does not intend to register all or any portion of the securities in the United States of America under the Securities Act or to conduct a public offering of the securities in the United States of America.This announcement may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia  South Africa  or Japan.1Through the intermediary of Eastern Airlines Industry Investment (Luxembourg) Company Limited2Through the intermediary of DAL Foreign Holdings CVAttachment",neutral,0.24,0.69,0.07,mixed,0.21,0.29,0.5,True,English,"['€2.256 billion rights issue', 'Air France-KLM', 'success', 'Net debt / EBITDA ratio', 'sound financial liquidity position', 'additional outstanding state aid', 'new strategic reference shareholder', 'Covid-19 recapitalization aid', 'related financial costs', 'China Eastern Airlines1', 'full-year results presentation', 'Covid-19 temporary framework', '7% to 8% operating margin', 'undated subordinated notes', 'final gross proceeds', 'Delta Air Lines', 'stronger balance sheet', 'quasi-equity issuance program', 'Main shareholders subscription', 'new recapitalization measures', 'State aid repayment', 'preferential subscription rights', '2021 initial capital increase', '1,928 million new shares', '€2.256 billion rights issue', 'share capital increase', 'Air France–KLM', 'Net proceeds', 'strategic flexibility', 'largest shareholder', 'subscription period', 'subscription price', 'Dutch State', 'subordinated bonds', 'dilutive measures', 'financing costs', 'new investors', '2,240 million shares', '1,831,278,510 new shares', '409,004,428 new shares', '96,623,592 new shares', 'French State', 'Air France-KLM', 'strong demand', 'full extent', 'CMA CGM', 'May 24th', 'total demand', 'take-up rate', 'irreducible basis', 'issue premium', 'par value', 'Benjamin Smith', 'strong demonstration', 'existing shareholders', 'broader strategy', 'customers’ expectations', 'CSR commitments', 'airline industry', 'nominal value', 'shareholding structure', 'Right Issue', 'voting rights', 'Treasury stock', 'press release', 'European Commission', 'TSS État', 'significant step', '€4 billion equity', 'promising outlook', 'KLM Roissy', 'total amount', 'June 9th', 'April 30th', 'performance recovery', 'February 17th', 'The Company', '2,570,536,136 shares', 'success', 'shareholdings', 'confidence', '9.0% stake', 'indebtedness', 'transaction', 'orders', 'titre', 'number', 'cash', 'CEO', 'prospects', 'operation', 'part', 'Group', 'context', 'travel', 'roadmap', 'increased', 'profitability', 'sustainability', 'opportunities', 'Story', 'Allocation', 'settlement', 'delivery', 'table', 'Others', 'Rationale', 'conditions', 'offset', 'remainder', 'execution', 'hand', 'March', 'objective', '28.']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6460,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/volta-finance-limited-net-asset-161500487.html,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value as at 31 May 2022,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – May 2022 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES **...,"Volta Finance LimitedVolta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – May 2022 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  14 June 2022AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for May. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYIn May  the CLO market experienced a brutal price adjustment  reversing 4 months of solid outperformance relative to classic credit and equity markets. In May Volta NAV was down 11.8%  and with a year-to-date performance for Volta at -10.5%  the five-month performance has moved to be roughly in line with that of US or European High Yield  which are down respectively at -7.8% and -8.7%.Over the investment cycle  Volta is targeting a far higher return than conventional high-yield bonds and continues to receive a cash-on-cash return in the high teens from its investments  which is our expectation even in mildly stressed markets.In May  Volta received the equivalent of €1.6m in terms of interest and coupons. For the 6 months ended May 2022  Volta received €22.7m interest and coupons representing a 19.3% annualized cash flow to NAV.Turning to the broad underlying asset classes  the monthly performances** were: +2.4% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  -13.6% for CLO equity tranches; -9.0% for CLO debt; -0.4% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (together representing 2.9% of NAV).At the time of writing this comment  there is anecdotal evidence of improving prices in the secondary market and we expect that part of the downward price adjustment in May to be recouped in June.Our medium-term view is unchanged: we still think that we may see an increase in default rates: towards circa 1% this year  rising to the 2% to 3% range for 2023 (albeit US loans being less impacted than European). We consider such default levels should not be a concern given that the longer-term historical average is slightly below 3%.Story continuesAlthough the consensus view is that inflation is an issue  it is worthwile reflecting that inflation has not been a major problem for the credit market historically. Despite rising inflationary pressures over the last 18 months  default rates have remained very low (over the last 12 months default rates are at 0.2% in the US and 0.8% in Europe). Furthermore  the longest period of inflation (for the last 50 years) was between 1972 and 1981 and that period coincides with the longest period of benign defaults in the US (through these 10 years the US high-yield bond and loan markets averaged annual default rates close to 1.5/2%). It is all too easy to underestimate the effect of inflation on debt erosion. In 2021  the vast majority of CLO loans  both in Europe and the US were refinanced  and now have maturities in 2028/29. Everything else being equal  with 5% inflation and 2% growth  the real value of 1$ debt is only 62 cents after 7 years  far easier to refinance.It is also worthwhile reflecting that in 2020/21  in just 2 years  corporate profits rose by 30% or so (in the US and Europe). US corporate profits (excluding financials)  for example  reached an unprecedented high last year at 8% of US GDP (a 50-year record high)  compared with an average level for the last 25 years of 6.18%. When considering the last 15 years (including the GFC and the Covid Crisis) defaults have tended to start to seriously materialize once corporate profits fall below 6% of GDP (the previous two lows were 4.43% in Q2 2009 and 5.49% in Q2 2020). This suggests that if overall profits were to be flat or even to decrease by 10 or 15% in the coming 2 years it is not expected to cause any significant wave of defaults.Looking ahead to the next few quarters  we do not believe that there are any signs that Volta is likely to suffer from a diversion of cash flows from its CLO Equity positions. Indeed  Volta cashflows have been increasing every month for the last 4 months (measured as the rolling 6-month cashflows to avoid seasonality). Receiving a continuing high level of cash flows should allow us to take advantage of opportunities arising from the current market environment while maintaining the payment of a steady quarterly dividend.As at the end of May 2022  Volta’s NAV was €233.0m or €6.37 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 4.0% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 3.4% as at 30 April 2022 and 0.6% as at 31 March 2022.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s investment objectives are to preserve capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its shareholders through dividends. Volta seeks to attain its investment objectives predominantly through diversified investments in structured finance assets. The assets that the Company may invest in either directly or indirectly include  but are not limited to: corporate credits; sovereign and quasi-sovereign debt; residential mortgage loans; and  automobile loans. The Company’s approach to investment is through vehicles and arrangements that essentially provide leveraged exposure to portfolios of such underlying assets. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 460 professionals and €887 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2021.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.1,0.14,0.76,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '31 May', 'Volta Finance Limited Volta Finance Limited', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'broad underlying asset classes', 'conventional high-yield bonds', 'rising inflationary pressures', 'previous two lows', 'steady quarterly dividend', 'European High Yield', '50-year record high', 'longer-term historical average', 'rolling 6-month cashflows', 'continuing high level', 'current market environment', '19.3% annualized cash flow', 'CLO equity tranches', 'CLO Equity positions', 'brutal price adjustment', 'downward price adjustment', 'US high-yield bond', 'annual default rates', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'date NAV information', 'US corporate profits', 'May 2022 monthly report', 'average level', 'high teens', 'equity markets', 'CLO market', 'credit market', 'CLO loans', 'full report', 'classic credit', 'month-end date', 'Volta cashflows', 'secondary market', 'overall profits', 'default levels', 'cash return', 'cash flows', 'CLO debt', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', 'solid outperformance', 'date performance', 'investment cycle', 'higher return', 'stressed markets', 'anecdotal evidence', 'medium-term view', '2% to 3% range', 'consensus view', 'major problem', 'loan markets', 'vast majority', 'real value', 'Covid Crisis', 'significant wave', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'monthly performances', 'five-month performance', 'US loans', 'longest period', 'debt erosion', 'last 18 months', 'last 12 months', 'last 4 months', 'last 50 years', 'last 25 years', 'last 15 years', 'coming 2 years', '€22.7m interest', 'benign defaults', 'US GDP', 'Volta NAV', '1$ debt', '6 months', '10 years', '7 years', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'THE', 'Guernsey', '14 June', 'Company', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'line', 'investments', 'expectation', 'equivalent', 'terms', 'coupons', 'ABS', 'time', 'comment', 'prices', 'increase', 'concern', 'Story', 'issue', 'effect', 'maturities', 'Everything', '5% inflation', '2% growth', 'financials', 'example', 'unprecedented', 'GFC', 'Q2', 'next', 'quarters', 'signs', 'diversion', 'seasonality', 'advantage', 'opportunities', 'payment', 'share', 'GAV', 'policy', 'basis', 'fund', '30 April', '31 March']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6461,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/bic-disclosure-trading-own-shares-171300441.html,BIC : Disclosure Of Trading In Own Shares For May 2022,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Disclosure Of Trading In Own Shares For May 2022 CLICHY – June 13  2022 In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  SOCIÉTÉ BIC declares below the transactions made on its own shares for May 2022 : Date Number of shares Ave…,"Societe BICFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEDisclosure Of Trading In Own Shares For May 2022CLICHY – June 13  2022In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  SOCIÉTÉ BIC declares below the transactions made on its own shares for May 2022 :DateNumber of shares Average weighted price in €Amount in € 02/05/2022 2 571 56 5111 145 290 04 02/05/2022 129 56 5111 7 289 93 03/05/2022 2 650 57 0776 151 255 64 04/05/2022 2 700 56 2057 151 755 39 05/05/2022 2 650 56 9262 150 854 43 06/05/2022 2 650 56 6971 150 247 32 06/05/2022 2 055 56 7500 116 621 25 06/05/2022 7 421 56 7500 421 141 75 06/05/2022 38 251 56 7500 2 170 744 25 09/05/2022 2 700 56 8618 153 526 86 09/05/2022 19 455 56 4000 1 097 262 00 10/05/2022 2 700 56 5317 152 635 59 11/05/2022 2 700 56 8123 153 393 21 12/05/2022 2 700 56 6294 152 899 38 13/05/2022 2 600 57 3402 149 084 52 16/05/2022 2 496 57 5918 143 749 13 17/05/2022 2 600 57 5378 149 598 28 18/05/2022 2 600 57 5656 149 670 56 19/05/2022 2 700 55 9893 151 171 11 20/05/2022 2 700 56 2257 151 809 39 23/05/2022 2 700 56 3919 152 258 13 24/05/2022 2 700 56 1098 151 496 46 25/05/2022 2 700 55 9998 151 199 46 26/05/2022 2 700 55 9156 150 972 12 27/05/2022 2 700 55 8459 150 783 93 30/05/2022 2 700 54 1844 146 297 88 31/05/2022 2 800 53 4119 149 553 32 TOTAL 126 028 56 5157 7 122 561 33ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2021  BIC Net Sales were 1 831.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on L inkedIn   Instagram   Twitter   or YouTube .Story continuesCONTACTSophie Palliez-CapianVP  Corporate Stakeholder Engagement+33 1 45 19 55 28+ 33 87 89 3351Sophie.palliez@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Manager  Investor Relations+ 33 1 45 19 52 98Michele.ventura@bicworld.com Albane de La Tour d’ArtaiseSenior Manager  Institutional Press Relations+ 33 1 45 19 51 51+ 33 7 85 88 19 48Albane.DeLaTourDArtaise@bicworld.comIsabelle de Segonzac Image 7+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2022 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Half 2022 Results August 2  2022 3rd Quarter 2022 Results October 27  2022Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Own Shares', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'May', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'Isabelle de Segonzac Image', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Corporate Stakeholder Engagement', '1st Half 2022 Results', '3rd Quarter 2022 Results', 'Institutional Press Relations', 'Michèle Ventura', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'Investor Relations', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'general regulation', 'share buy-backs', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'L inkedIn', 'Senior Manager', 'La Tour', 'Societe BIC', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'world leader', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', 'Own Shares', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'May 2022', 'CLICHY', 'June', 'compliance', 'transactions', 'Date', 'Number', 'Average', 'price', 'Amount', 'TOTAL', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'Story', 'CONTACT', 'VP', 'bicworld', 'Michele', 'Albane', 'Artaise', '2022 AGENDA', 'Attachment', '€']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,ca.sports.yahoo.com
6462,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.dw.com/en/wheat-prices-soar-will-they-remain-elevated/a-62118942,Wheat prices soar — but will the costs remain high?,Global prices for the commodity have doubled recently  for which Russia's invasion of Ukraine is partly yet not fully to blame. DW looks into what's moving wheat prices and what role financial speculation plays in this. Until the end of February  the wheat tr…,"Until the end of February  few would have described the wheat trade as an exciting business. Global market prices for the commodity had been hovering around €200 ($312) a ton for many years. But with the war in Ukraine  this has changed fundamentally.Russia's invasion of its neighbor has caused the commodity to jump to €400 per ton — a doubling that has come as a shock  especially for poorer countries whose citizens spend a significant amount of their disposable incomes on food.Out of a total worldwide wheat harvest of 785 million tons annually  only about one quarter ends up sold as a commodity on the global market. Most of the wheat is consumed as part of people's daily diet in the countries where it is produced. Quality and prices can differ widely depending on the growing region.Two global trading platformsAlthough it is usually a local product  the price for wheat is decided on specialized global trading platforms  so-called commodities exchanges.""There are two globally significant derivatives marketplaces for wheat in the world — the Chicago Board of Trade  CBOT  and Euronext in Paris "" said Wolfgang Sabel from Kaack Terminhandel  a Cloppenburg-based financial services provider for trading in agricultural commodities.""These exchanges are setting global benchmarks for prices under the regulatory authority of the state with the help of standardized rules and regulations. Only supply and demand determine the prices "" he told DW.Standardized measuring means that the amount and the quality of a commodity are strictly regulated. Wheat can be labeled  for example  as 50 tons of bread wheat grown in the EU  with a protein content of 11% and maximum moisture of 15%. Such standardization makes it possible to trade wheat all around the world.For producers  traders and refiners of wheat  the prices set at the exchanges generally serve as wholesale prices that guide price-setting for downstream wheat products  said Sabel. But global market-based and local wheat prices can also differ  he added.Insurance and speculationApart from stipulating global market prices  CBOT and Euronext also offer those involved in wheat trading the possibility of hedging their deals against the vagaries of market developments.As an example  Sabel mentioned the purchasing policy of a wheat mill that is negotiating a contract with a supermarket chain for a larger number of one-pound (500 gram) packages of wheat flour for delivery in September. ""You cannot know what the wheat price will be in September. But what you can do is buy a futures contract for wheat on the exchange.""Futures contracts are contracts traded at CBOT and Euronext to insure against unexpected price swings in the future. In the case of the wheat mill  it can now buy wheat futures for delivery in September to secure the current market price for its calculation for the contract with the supermarket chain.Sabel also explained what will happen if the market price in September is actually higher than the €300 futures contract bought by the wheat mill. Should the price in September be  say  €400  the wheat mill initially pays the higher price to its supplier but at the same time receives a €100 payment from the issuer of the futures contract. In the end  the mill will have spent exactly the €300 per ton of wheat it based its calculation on. Futures contracts are available for purchases to be made up to two years into the future  Sabel added.The global wheat crisis is already being felt by consumers as retail prices of flour are risingA matter of calculationFarmers also resort to futures contracts to insulate against price swings for their produce  said Sabel. For example  if a farmer issues a €300 contract for his wheat and the market price unexpectedly rises to €400  he can sell the wheat for €400 but must pay the difference of €100 to the holder of his futures contract.The loss  however  turns into a profit in times of falling prices. Should the wheat price drop to €200 upon delivery  the holder of his €300 contract must pay him €100 into his financial account at the exchange.So  the basis for all this financial maneuvering is real existing wheat  but the price-setting via the derivatives marketplaces is working largely without quantities of wheat actually being shipped around in the real world. ""The exchanges are merely balancing out the different accounts without interfering physically in the wheat trade "" said Sable.Sabel  who is a futures broker himself  manages contracts for producers  traders  and refiners of wheat  but said you don't necessarily need a professional pedigree in any specific commodity trade to buy and sell at the exchanges. There are many speculators seeking to profit from the price swings  he added  as well as arbitrage traders who aim to exploit the small differences in prices between regions and marketplaces.Founded in 1848  the CBOT originally traded only agricultural commodities. Now it offers options and futures contractsTraders' paradiseAt the moment  few experts would contest that the current surge in the wheat price to €400 is the result of the war between Russia and Ukraine. The two countries together produce about 60 million tons of the 200 million tons traded annually around the world.""The world cannot do without the harvests from Ukraine and Russia. Their amounts are simply too big "" said Sabel  noting that news from the frontline can influence prices as much as likely forecasts for the next grain harvest in the United States.Exorbitant wheat prices  however  are always bad news for the developing world  especially for countries in Africa. ""In these countries  people spend between 60% and 80% of their disposable income on food. If bread becomes double as expensive because wheat has surged from €200 to €400 per ton that has an impact "" he said.Watch video 02:40 How could the war in Ukraine cause a food crisis?In Germany  bread prices have also risen substantially  and the German Farmers' Association expects them to remain elevated due to the ongoing war in Ukraine. In addition  the COVID-19 health crisis has triggered a series of supply problems.""We are grappling with a severe shortage of fertilizers  and exorbitant prices for them "" the organization's president  Joachim Rukwied  said recently. Also  disrupted supply chains have led to a scarcity of spare parts for agricultural machinery  which would make a swift increase in agricultural production ""unrealistic "" he added.Commodities broker Wolfgang Sabel agrees  saying that at least until the end of next year ""wheat will remain expensive.""This article was originally written in German.",neutral,0.01,0.66,0.32,mixed,0.12,0.2,0.68,True,English,"['Wheat prices', 'costs', 'two globally significant derivatives marketplaces', 'Cloppenburg-based financial services provider', 'specialized global trading platforms', 'total worldwide wheat harvest', 'Two global trading platforms', 'one-pound (500 gram) packages', 'downstream wheat products', 'global wheat crisis', 'unexpected price swings', 'real existing wheat', 'Global market prices', 'current market price', 'specific commodity trade', 'local wheat prices', 'two years', 'significant amount', 'global benchmarks', 'global market-based', 'financial account', 'financial maneuvering', 'local product', 'current surge', 'market developments', 'exciting business', 'many years', 'disposable incomes', 'one quarter', 'daily diet', 'growing region', 'Chicago Board', 'Kaack Terminhandel', 'agricultural commodities', 'regulatory authority', 'standardized rules', 'Standardized measuring', 'protein content', 'maximum moisture', 'Such standardization', 'purchasing policy', 'supermarket chain', 'larger number', 'higher price', 'same time', 'different accounts', 'futures broker', 'professional pedigree', 'many speculators', 'small differences', 'real world', 'wheat trade', 'bread wheat', 'wheat futures', 'wholesale prices', 'retail prices', 'Futures contracts', 'wheat mill', 'poorer countries', '785 million tons', '€300 futures contract', 'arbitrage traders', ""Traders' paradise"", 'wheat flour', 'commodities exchanges', 'Wolfgang Sabel', '50 tons', '€300 contract', 'end', 'February', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'neighbor', 'doubling', 'shock', 'citizens', 'food', 'part', 'people', 'Quality', 'CBOT', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'state', 'help', 'regulations', 'supply', 'demand', 'DW.', 'example', 'producers', 'refiners', 'price-setting', 'Insurance', 'speculation', 'possibility', 'deals', 'vagaries', 'delivery', 'September', 'case', 'calculation', 'supplier', '€100 payment', 'issuer', 'purchases', 'consumers', 'matter', 'Farmers', 'holder', 'loss', 'profit', 'times', 'falling', 'basis', 'quantities', 'regions', 'options', 'moment', 'experts']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,dw.com
6463,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/technicolor-ex-tcs-become-vantiva-055700854.html,Technicolor ex-TCS to become VANTIVA Technicolor presents the strategy and outlook of VANTIVA at Capital Markets Day,PRESS RELEASE Technicolor ex-TCS to become VANTIVATechnicolor presents the strategy and outlook of VANTIVA at Capital Markets Day Paris (France)  June 14th  ...,TECHNICOLORPRESS RELEASETechnicolor ex-TCS to become VANTIVATechnicolor presents the strategy and outlook of VANTIVA at Capital Markets DayParis (France)  June 14th  2022 – Technicolor (Euronext Paris: TCH; OTCQX: TCLRY) will today hold in London at 1pm BST (2pm CEST) Capital Markets Days starting with VANTIVA  the future name for Technicolor Ex-TCS  and followed by Technicolor Creative Studios (“TCS”). VANTIVA management will illustrate the future new company’s strategic direction and roadmap to drive growth  as well as its financial objectives.A separate press release presenting TCS’ vision and strategy is issued today.VANTIVA will be composed of two businesses with leading positions in their respective markets and with solid growth fundamentals: Connected Home   and DVD Services which will become VANTIVA Supply Chain ServicesVANTIVA forward looking assumptions published on June 6 th are confirmed: Adjusted EBITDA 1 from continuing operations above €140 million for 2022 and above €140 million in 2023; Adjusted EBITA comprised between €38-€48 million in 2022 and between €29-39 million in 2023; Free Cash Flow before Tax and Financial comprised between €62-€72 million in 2022 and between €43-63 million in 2023.Richard Moat  Chief Executive Officer of Technicolor SA and future Chairman of VANTIVA  said:“After two years of successful transformation significantly improving Technicolor’s operational and financial performance  we are now ready to begin a new chapter of value creation. Subject to shareholder approval  and after the spin off of Technicolor Creative Studios  Technicolor will open a new chapter and become VANTIVA  composed of Connected Home and VANTIVA Supply Chain Services (the former DVD Services division)  two market-leading businesses  operated by world-class management teams. Together  they are ideally positioned to leverage their unique strengths and assets to reinforce their leadership position in existing and new growing markets. I am confident that with Luis and the talented teams of Connected Home and VANTIVA Supply Chain Services  VANTIVA will continue delivering the best products and services to clients and drive long-term growth.”Story continuesLuis Martinez-Amago  President of Connected Home and future Chief Executive Officer of VANTIVA  said:“As VANTIVA future CEO  I am excited to take on this new role and to build on the already strong foundations that Connected Home and VANTIVA Supply Chain Services have developed over the last two years of transformation. After the spin off of Technicolor Creative Studios  our new standalone company will be able to grow on its own terms and follow its own strategy.VANTIVA’s streamlined structure will enable the company to further reinforce its existing relationships with all its customers. It creates a unique opportunity to establish an identity that is completely aligned with the needs of its core markets  while executing its growth strategy in new domains.As one company  we will benefit from Connected Home’s comprehensive product offering and leadership2 position in customer-premises equipment in video and broadband as well as from VANTIVA Supply Chain Services’ undisputed leadership in disc  and diversification strategy in high-growth adjacent businesses. By combining our expertise  action-oriented cultures  well-established customer relationships  robust balance-sheet and world-class management teams  I am confident that we are positioned to generate enhanced value to all of our stakeholders. I look forward to working alongside management and our entire teams as we enter a new chapter of success and growth.”Technicolor Ex-TCS to become VANTIVATechnicolor SA is announcing the launch of its new brand: VANTIVA. The new brand will be comprised of the Connected Home and DVD Services operations.VANTIVA’s streamlined structure will enable the company to further reinforce its existing relationships with all of its customers. It creates a unique opportunity to establish an identity that is completely aligned with the needs of its core markets  while executing its growth strategy in new domains.The change of the corporate name of Technicolor SA to VANTIVA SA is subject to the approval of Technicolor SA shareholders  during the shareholders’ meeting to approve the spin off that will be convened in the third quarter of 2022.Connected Home - Focus on growthConnected Home is the worldwide leading provider of broadband gateways and video set-top-boxes3  supplying the critical link between service providers and end user customers. Over the past two years  Connected Home went through a successful transformation plan to increase productivity and profitability and simplify its business structure.Connected Home represented 69% of VANTIVA revenues in 2021  out of which 64% were Broadband and 36% were Video. Connected Home Adjusted EBITDA margin for 2021 amounted to 6.7%.Under VANTIVA  Connected Home will continue to grow and diversify its business through a sustainable growth strategy  focused on the most attractive segments of growing broadband and video streaming markets. In today’s connected environment  customer-premises equipment (“CPE”) is a crucial component for internet and video services all around the world and  going forward  access products will be essential given the accelerated transition to a GigaBit economy  metaverse services and distributed networks. In parallel  Android TV solutions are gradually replacing traditional PayTV  representing a growing segment within the video market. As a result  Connected Home’s targeted segments of CPE are expected to grow at 9%4 on average from 2021 to 2025.Moving forward  Connected Home’s strategy will be based on three growth pillars:Growing its core businesses: broadband and video segment with a focus on Android TV;Optimizing its operations with faster time-to-market  increased engineering throughput and leaner operations; andReinforcing its supply chain resilience to handle market disruptions.This strategy is expected to enable the division to pursue profitable growth in its core business.In the medium-term  Connected Home will also focus on a diversification strategy into Internet of Things (“IoT”) for verticals  capitalizing on the digital transformation of enterprises through IoT. This diversification will be operated through partnerships with IoT  cloud platform and independent software companies  either organically or inorganically.VANTIVA Supply Chain Services – a strategy of diversificationToday  the Company also announces that the DVD services operations will now be known as VANTIVA Supply Chain Services (“VSCS”)  in order to reflect the reality of its underlying business. VSCS is the world’s leader for disc manufacturing  packaging and distribution for all major studios  with 65% global market share  and 90% in North America5  in a disc market which is underpinned by a sizeable consumer market of $4 billion per year6. Nevertheless  disc volumes are expected to experience secular decline over the next 5 years and then plateau for a few years.VSCS represented 31% of VANTIVA revenues in 2021 at €701 million and had an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 9.5%.VSCS is benefiting from proven experience  capability  and innovation  with combined unique selling propositions around manufacturing  supply chain and fulfilment  and transportation. After two years of restructuring  VSCS has successfully optimized its disc business and implemented a clear diversification strategy aimed at leveraging all verticals  assets and capabilities in:Establishing Vinyl production manufacturing  packaging and distribution in North America and then in Europe & Australia. Vinyl volume is expected to grow significantly over the next 5 years as we expand market share;Further expanding Non-Disc Supply-Chain & fulfilment;Expanding the Microfluidics business;Enhancing transportation freight brokerage in North America; andLaunching new product lines and expanding manufacturing and fulfillment capabilities.This diversification strategy is expected to support revenue growth  and profitability in the medium term  with growth activities expected to overtake DVD revenue in the medium term.OutlookUnderlying market assumptions for VANTIVA remain unchanged:Worldwide demand for Connected Home broadband equipment is expected to remain strong in 2022  as customers seek to improve their connectivity. However  ongoing component shortages and pricing challenges will continue to impact our ability to serve end customer demand throughout 2022. Nonetheless  efficiency measures  gradual improvements in delivery and continuous discussions with both suppliers and customers should continue to help offset these headwinds. While we do not have any assets or direct customers or suppliers in Russia and Ukraine  the ongoing conflict has generated additional uncertainty in terms of supply. This has led to an increase in transit times to some European customers  as we transition from rail to sea transportation for products that used to move through Russia. The Group is extending its existing action plans  and is maintaining continuous discussions with both suppliers and customers to compensate for these potential factors;For VANTIVA Supply Chain Services  higher year-on-year new release volumes are expected as theatrical attendance continues to normalize  but this will be slightly offset by lower catalog volumes. Financial performance will also by improved through continuing cost efficiencies. As part of the Group’s plan to accelerate the diversification of the business  the division is continuing to work on significantly expanding non-disc activities.As a result  for 2022 and 2023 management expectations7 are:Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations above €140 million for both 2022 and 2023  with improvement from topline offset by diversification costs in 2023;Adjusted EBITA of between €38-€48 million in 2022 and between €29-39 million in 2023;Free Cash Flow before Tax and Financial of between €62-€72 million in 2022 and between €43-63 million in 2023. The Group does not anticipate further contraction of payment terms in the near future.In addition  VANTIVA results are sensitive to its main currency valuations - notably the US dollar – which has evolved favorably since the beginning of the year. Hedging arrangements are in place to address the associated forex risks.VANTIVA businesses are not capex intensive. At Connected Home the capex requirement on a normalized basis amounts to approximately €25 million per year for production equipment (tools and test benches)  along with intangible investments for R&D. At VSCS capex is mainly for upgrade of production lines along with capex for new growth businesses with short payback terms. Considering working capital requirements  at Connected Home under normal circumstances the need for cash to fund the key component operations is netted by the cash generated from finished goods. However  asymmetric deliveries or demand pushout can create the need for more working capital during the year. At VSCS  seasonality ties up working capital during the first half of the year.Financials 8VANTIVA revenues amounted to €2 250 million in 2021 and €2 475 million in 2020. This decline in sales mainly resulted from the impact of component shortages and increased lead time at Connected Home  despite strong underlying demand. At VSCS  lower disc volumes were partially offset by growth in distribution and freight brokerage.Despite the lower top line  VANTIVA improved profitability in 2021 compared to 2020 thanks to transformation activities and operational efficiencies at both Connected Home and VSCS. As a result  VANTIVA adjusted EBITDA amounted to €141 million in 2021 (6.3% margin) compared to €133 million in 2020 (5.4% margin)VANTIVA generated positive operating free cash flow9 in 2020 and 2021 of respectively €29 million and €11 million  with higher restructuring cash out in 2021. Free Cash Flow amounted to -€162 million in 2020 and -€181 million in 2021  mainly due to higher working capital needs in 2020 and 2021 driven by the reduction of supplier payment terms for Connected Home.As part of the Capital Markets Day  VANTIVA will present adjusted financial statements  along with segment information  which are defined and detailed in the Appendix to the present press release.Anticipated Capital StructureTechnicolor SA has entered into discussions with Barclays and Angelo Gordon who have committed to provide a €375 million debt package to VANTIVA  subject to customary conditions and approvals. In addition  discussions are ongoing with Wells Fargo to extend the Asset-Based Lending (ABL) Facility.The spin-off is expected to be completed in Q3 2022  subject to (i) shareholder approval of the terms of the spin-off  (ii) the completion of the refinancing discussions with creditors on terms satisfactory to VANTIVA and TCS and (iii) customary conditions  consultations and regulatory approvals.Capital Markets Day DetailsThe Capital Markets Day  dedicated to financial analysts and institutional investors  will begin at 1pm BST (2pm CET) in London and virtually. All presentation materials  as well as the webcast (live and replay)  will be made available on Technicolor’s investor website at https://www.technicolor.com/investor-center.VANTIVA’s presentation will be followed by the Capital Markets Day for Technicolor Creative Studios (“TCS”)  whose vision and strategy are being presented in a separate press release  and are also available on Technicolor’s investor website: https://www.technicolor.com/investor-center.Indicative TimetableCapital Market Day for VANTIVA and TCSTechnicolor’s Shareholders’ meetingH1 2022 resultsTechnicolor’s Distribution Shareholders’ MeetingDistribution of the TCS shares June 14th  2022June 30th  2022July 28th  2022Q3  2022Q3  2022###Warning: Legal DisclaimerThis press release has been prepared by Technicolor SA (“TSA”) in connection with the Capital Markets Day on 14 June 2022 in particular in the context of the contemplated spin-off of Technicolor Creative Studios (“TCS” and such spin-off  the “Transaction”) as a result of which TSA ex-TCS is to become Vantiva. This press release is an advertisement and does not constitute a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European parliament and of the council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).Selected Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresThis press release includes non-IFRS measures relating to TSA the publication of which is not required  or which have not been prepared in accordance with financial measures determined in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”)  including Adjusted EBITA  Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow (before interests and tax).TSA presents non-IFRS measures with a view to allowing investors to better understand the evolution of its results  as well as items that may influence future performance.These measures should solely be used as analytical tools and should not be considered as an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with IFRS nor as a true and fair value of past accounts. Therefore  they cannot be considered as a substitute for the financial statements approved by the general meeting of shareholders.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute “forward-looking statements”  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Technicolor’s filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement universel) has been filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on 5 April 2022  under number D-22-0237 and an amendment to the 2021 URD has been filed with the AMF on 29 April 2022  under number D-22-0237-A01.###About Technicolor:www.technicolor.comTechnicolor shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCH) and are tradable in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR) in the United States on the OTCQX market (TCLRY).Investor Relations Media Alexandra FichelsonAlexandra.fichelson@technicolor.com Catherine Kuttnercatherine.kuttner@technicolor.comNathalie Feldnfeld@image7.frAPPENDIXThe adjusted financial information provided for the years ended December 31  2019  2020  2021 relating to VANTIVA has not been audited  but has been produced using audited Technicolor and TCS accounts. It is therefore provided for information purposes only and may be subject to further changes.This financial information excludes Technicolor Creative Studios division but does not take into consideration the impact of the refinancing (current Safeguard debt of the Group is maintained) and of the Spinoff (no minority stake into TCS is recognized  nor dyssynergy costs). The Trademark Licensing Operations are also included in this financial information.VANTIVA Unaudited Adjusted Statement of Profit and lossYear ended December 31  (€ in million) 2021 2020 2019 CONTINUING OPERATIONS Revenue 2 270 2 494 2 908 Cost of sales (1 977) (2 218) (2 599) Gross margin 292 276 308 Selling and administrative expenses (185) (198) (227) Research and development expenses (84) (93) (114) Restructuring costs (31) (73) (20) Net impairment losses on non-current operating assets (1) (73) (61) Other income (expense) 11 10 (14) Earnings before Interest & Tax (EBIT) from continuing operations 2 (150) (127) Interest income 24 14 20 Interest expense (128) (72) (56) Net gain on financial restructuring - 158 - Other financial income (expense) - (5) (12) Net financial expense (104) 94 (48) Share of gain (loss) from associates 0 0 (1) Income tax income (expense) (16) (11) (5) Loss from continuing operations (117) (66) (181) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Net gain (loss) from discontinued operations (19) (15) (22) Net loss for the year (136) (81) (202) Attribuable to : - Equity holders (136) (81) (202) - Non-controlling interest - - -VANTIVA Unaudited Adjusted Statement of Financial Position(€ in million) December 31  2021 December 31  2020 December 31  2019 ASSETS Goodwill 585 542 659 Intangible assets 214 240 313 Property  plant and equipment 93 88 110 Right-of-use assets 48 50 76 Other operating non-current assets 17 14 21 TOTAL OPERATING NON-CURRENT ASSETS 957 934 1 178 Non-consolidated investments 19 16 17 Other financial non-current assets 25 30 17 TOTAL FINANCIAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 45 46 35 Investments in associates and joint-ventures 2 1 1 Deferred tax assets 16 20 33 TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 1 020 1 001 1 247 Inventories 335 195 243 Trade accounts and notes receivable 301 373 444 Contract assets 20 21 17 Other operating current assets 214 190 148 TOTAL OPERATING CURRENT ASSETS 869 778 852 Income tax receivable 8 9 23 Other financial current assets 445 321 256 Cash and cash equivalents 183 301 56 Assets classified as held for sale 1 1 - TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 1 506 1 410 1 188 TOTAL ASSETS 2 526 2 411 2 435(€ in million) December 31  2021 December 31  2020 December 31  2019 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Invested equity and retained earnings (41) 94 (295) Cumulative translation adjustment (275) (300) (218) Shareholders equity attributable to owners of TCS (316) (205) (513) Non-controlling interests - (0) (0) TOTAL INVESTED EQUITY (315) (205) (513) Retirement benefits obligations 256 319 336 Provisions 31 32 30 Contract liabilities 1 1 1 Other operating non-current liabilities 7 12 14 TOTAL OPERATING NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 296 365 381 Borrowings 1 026 947 978 Lease liabilities 39 36 51 Other non-current liabilities 0 - 1 Deferred tax liabilities 6 6 15 TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 1 368 1 353 1 426 Retirement benefits obligations 34 30 33 Provisions 37 80 63 Trade accounts and notes payable 636 686 780 Accrued employee expenses 85 86 83 Contract liabilities 4 5 4 Other operating current liabilities 246 182 269 TOTAL OPERATING CURRENT LIABILITIES 1 042 1 070 1 233 Borrowings 276 142 215 Lease liabilities 19 28 39 Income tax payable 14 18 32 Other financial current liabilities 121 4 3 Liabilities classified as held for sale - - - TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 1 472 1 263 1 521 TOTAL LIABILITIES 2 841 2 616 2 947 TOTAL EQUITY & LIABILITIES 2 526 2 411 2 435VANTIVA Unaudited Adjusted Statements of cash flowsDecember 31  (€ in million) 2021 2020 2019 Net loss (136) (81) (202) Gain (Loss) from discontinuing activities (19) (15) (22) Loss from continuing activities (117) (66) (181) Summary adjustments to reconcile loss from continuing activities to cash generated from (used in) continuing operations Depreciation and amortization 138 149 206 Impairment of assets 2 84 61 Net changes in provisions (55) 12 (51) Gain (Loss) on asset disposals (21) (14) 17 Interest (income) and expense 104 59 36 Net gain on financial restructuring - (158) - Other items (including tax) 16 5 (2) Changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities (101) (101) (71) Cash generated from (used in) continuing activities (34) (30) 16 Interest paid on lease debt (4) (5) (6) Interest paid (44) (28) (40) Interest received 6 5 14 Income tax paid (17) (17) (7) NET OPERATING CASH GENERATED FROM (USED IN) CONTINUING ACTIVITIES (I) (93) (76) (24) Acquisition of subsidiaries  associates and investments  net of cash acquired (0) (2) (3) Proceeds from sale of investments  net of cash 0 6 1 Purchases of property  plant and equipment (PPE) (33) (26) (32) Proceeds from sale of PPE and intangible assets 0 0 1 Purchases of intangible assets including capitalization of projects (36) (45) (75) Cash collateral and security deposits granted to third parties (8) (24) (4) Cash collateral and security deposits reimbursed by third parties 11 0 4 NET INVESTING CASH USED IN CONTINUING ACTIVITIES (II) (66) (89) (109) Disposal of treasury shares - - 1 Increase of Capital 0 60 - Net contributions from / (distributions to) TCS 5 (21) 13 Proceeds from borrowings 0 760 1 Net cash pooling variance 81 (105) (14) Repayments of lease debt (28) (36) (43) Repayments of borrowings (0) (158) (5) Fees paid in relation to financing operations (2) (60) (1) Dividends and distributions paid to Group's shareholders 0 (0) 0 Other (4) 5 4 NET FINANCING CASH GENERATED FROM (USED IN) CONTINUING ACTIVITIES (I) 52 445 (44) NET CASH GENERATED (USED IN) DISCONTINUED ACTIVITIES (IV) (29) (23) (33) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINING OF THE YEAR 301 56 268 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (I+II+III+IV) (135) 257 (210) Exchange gains / (losses) on cash and cash equivalents 17 (11) (2) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR 183 301 56VANTIVA 2021 Adjusted Segment informationConnected Home DVDServices Trademark and Technology Licensing Corporate & Other TOTAL (€ in million) - Statement of operations Revenue 1 544 701 19 5 2 270 Intersegment sales - - - - - Earnings before Interest & Tax (EBIT) from continuing operations 11 0 16 (24) 2 Of which: Amortization of purchase accounting items (21) (9) - - (30) Net impairment losses on non-current operating assets (1) (2) 2 - (1) Restructuring costs (4) (17) (0) (10) (31) Other income (expenses) (8) 0 (0) 19 11 Adjusted EBITA 45 27 14 (33) 53 Of which: Depreciation & amortization (excl PPA items) (64) (37) (0) (1) (102) Other non-cash items (1) 6 (2) (0) (2) 1 Adjusted EBITDA 103 67 14 (30) 154 Net capital expenditures (60) (9) - (0) (69)Key Performance Indicators definitions for VANTIVA“Adjusted EBITDA” corresponds to the profit (loss) from continuing operations before tax and net financial income (expense)  net of other income (expense)  depreciation and amortization (including impact of provision for risks  litigation and warranties).“Adjusted EBITA” corresponds to the profit (loss) from continuing operations before tax and net financial income (expense)  net of other income (expense) and amortization of purchase accounting items.Technicolor defines “Free Cash Flow” as net cash from operating activities (continuing and discontinued) plus proceeds from sales of property  plant  and equipment (“PPE”) and intangible assets  minus purchases of PPE and purchases of intangible assets including capitalization of development costs.Reconciliation from Adjusted EBITDA to Free Cash Flow is as follows:In € million  excluding Trademark Licensing 2021 2020 Adjusted EBITDA 141 133 Capex (69) (71) Restructuring Expenses (61) (33) Operating FCF 11 29 Pension & Other (26) (30) Net Working Capital (98) (109) Financial & Tax (68) (52) Free Cash Flow (181) (162)1 Definition of adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITA and Free Cash Flow are available in the Appendix section of the present press release2 Figures as of September 2021  excluding China –Sources: Dell Oro  Omdia3 Figures as of September 2021  excluding China – Sources: Dell Oro  Omdia4 Sources: Dell’Oro3Q21 & January 22 reports  Dataxis3Q21 database  Omdia3Q21 BB and STB reports  ABI Research August’21 STB and BB CPE report  publications of listed companies and Technicolor –TAM relates to CPE hardware only (in value)  excluding China5 Figures as of September 2021 –Sources: Management estimates6 Source: Futuresource7 This guidance assumes a EUR/USD exchange rate of 1.15  exclude Trademark Licensing operations  include estimated running dissynergy costs  and reflect accounting changes implied by the IFRIC interpretation on Saas adjustment  relating to the configuration or customization costs in a cloud computing arrangement.8 Excluding Trademark Licensing9 See definition in the appendix of the present press releaseAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.65,0.33,0.02,True,English,"['Capital Markets Day', 'VANTIVA Technicolor', 'TCS', 'strategy', 'outlook', 'Connected Home Adjusted EBITDA margin', 'former DVD Services division', 'future Chief Executive Officer', 'VANTIVA Supply Chain Services', 'Free Cash Flow', 'comprehensive product offering', 'DVD Services operations', 'high-growth adjacent businesses', 'Capital Markets Day', 'worldwide leading provider', 'two market-leading businesses', 'last two years', 'past two years', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'solid growth fundamentals', 'new growing markets', 'world-class management teams', 'end user customers', 'VANTIVA future CEO', 'successful transformation plan', 'new standalone company', 'future new company', 'Technicolor SA shareholders', 'sustainable growth strategy', 'Adjusted EBITA', 'two businesses', 'future name', 'future Chairman', 'leading positions', 'respective markets', 'continuing operations', 'talented teams', 'core markets', 'entire teams', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'new chapter', 'new role', 'new domains', 'new brand', 'VANTIVA management', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'strategic direction', 'separate press', 'Richard Moat', 'value creation', 'unique strengths', 'leadership position', 'best products', 'strong foundations', 'unique opportunity', 'leadership2 position', 'customer-premises equipment', 'undisputed leadership', 'action-oriented cultures', 'customer relationships', 'robust balance-sheet', 'enhanced value', 'corporate name', 'third quarter', 'critical link', 'service providers', 'attractive segments', 'VANTIVA SA', 'Technicolor Ex-TCS', 'long-term growth', 'VANTIVA revenues', 'diversification strategy', 'financial objectives', 'financial performance', 'existing relationships', 'June 14th', 'Euronext Paris', 'shareholder approval', 'Luis Martinez-Amago', 'TCS’ vision', 'broadband gateways', 'video set-top-boxes', 'business structure', 'outlook', 'France', 'TCH', 'OTCQX', 'TCLRY', 'London', '1pm', 'CEST', 'roadmap', 'assumptions', 'Tax', 'operational', 'spin', 'assets', 'clients', 'Story', 'President', 'terms', 'streamlined', 'identity', 'needs', 'disc', 'stakeholders', 'launch', 'change', 'Focus', 'productivity', 'profitability', '2022', '2021']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
6464,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/92977/veon-ventures-makes-15m-series-a-investment-in-dastgyr,Veon Ventures makes $15m Series A investment in Dastgyr,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  announces today that the Group’s VEON Ventures division has completed a US$ 15 million investment as part of a Series A round for Das…,Source: VeonVEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  announces today that the Group’s VEON Ventures division has completed a US$ 15 million investment as part of a Series A round for Dastgyr  a Pakistan-based B2B e-commerce marketplace platform.This investment will contribute towards boosting Pakistan’s e-commerce market.Dastgyr offers businesses a one-stop-shop application that connects thousands of retailers with suppliers to give them access to real-time visibility on pricing and financing rates. Platform partners have included Coca-Cola  Nestle  and Reckitt.“As part of VEON's transformation into a digital operator that delivers a growing range of services to our customers we are investing in leading digital companies like Dastgyr in the countries where we operate. These investments are the building blocks of the digital ecosystem that will enable us to deliver on our strategy ” said Mohd Khairil Abdullah  CEO of VEON Ventures. “Pakistan  with its rapidly growing digital sector  is a key market for VEON. By bringing together Dagstyr's e-commerce business with Jazz's communications network and JazzCash's mobile payments platform  we will catalyse growth in digital services in Pakistan. This would be further enhanced by the digital banking services that we have ambitions to provide.”The deal is VEON Ventures’ largest investment in a Pakistani start-up and reflects the Group’s continued commitment to the region and to the growth of Pakistan’s digital economy.“Pakistan’s start-up ecosystem is at a critical juncture and only startups focused on addressing key challenges and adopting localized solutions will survive and thrive ” added Aamir Ibrahim  CEO of Jazz. “This investment highlights VEON’s commitment to scaling up Pakistan’s digital economy and provides Dastgyr with a platform to build synergies with Jazz’s subscriber base of 75 million and with JazzCash  further integrating the startup into Pakistan’s fintech ecosystem.”Dastgyr will remain an independent entity  with a minority position being taken by VEON Ventures. The new investment round will support Dastgyr’s expansion into 15 new cities in Pakistan  alongside its existing network in Karachi  Lahore  Sialkot and Gujranwala.“We are thrilled to achieve this milestone in the current global economic environment ” said Zohaib Ali  co-founder of Dastgyr. “We welcome the new investors to the Dastgyr family as we continue to work relentlessly toward our vision of building an AliBaba for emerging markets worldwide. We’re lucky to have found strategic partners who believe in our mission and have displayed unwavering faith in our team. Financial inclusion  which is central to the startup’s mission  will uplift and enable Pakistan’s small- and medium-sized retail entrepreneurs  potentially unlocking up to an additional US$ 10 billion for the country’s GDP  according to our estimates.”VEON Ventures’ investment in Dastgyr Series A funding was made alongside Zinal Growth  DEG  Khwarizmi Ventures  OTF Jasoor Ventures  Cedar Mundi Ventures  Reflect Ventures  Century Oak Capital  Haitou Global  GoingVC  Astir Ventures  K3 Diversity Ventures  Chandaria Capital  along with the founders of Property Finder  Ayoconnect  Quiqup and senior management from DoorDash.,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['$15m Series A investment', 'Veon Ventures', 'Dastgyr', 'Pakistan-based B2B e-commerce marketplace platform', 'current global economic environment', 'Dastgyr Series A funding', 'VEON Ventures’ largest investment', 'Series A round', 'Mohd Khairil Abdullah', 'medium-sized retail entrepreneurs', 'OTF Jasoor Ventures', 'Cedar Mundi Ventures', 'K3 Diversity Ventures', 'Century Oak Capital', 'leading digital companies', 'mobile payments platform', 'US$ 15 million investment', 'global digital operator', 'growing digital sector', 'new investment round', 'VEON Ventures division', 'digital banking services', 'VEON Ventures’ investment', 'Haitou Global', 'Platform partners', 'Khwarizmi Ventures', 'Reflect Ventures', 'Astir Ventures', 'mobile connectivity', 'growing range', 'additional US', 'Chandaria Capital', 'digital ecosystem', 'digital economy', '15 new cities', 'new investors', 'digital services', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'one-stop-shop application', 'real-time visibility', 'financing rates', 'building blocks', 'key market', 'communications network', 'Pakistani start-up', 'start-up ecosystem', 'critical juncture', 'key challenges', 'localized solutions', 'Aamir Ibrahim', 'subscriber base', 'fintech ecosystem', 'independent entity', 'minority position', 'existing network', 'Zohaib Ali', 'emerging markets', 'strategic partners', 'unwavering faith', 'Financial inclusion', 'Property Finder', 'senior management', 'VEON Ltd', 'continued commitment', 'Dastgyr family', 'Zinal Growth', 'Source', 'NASDAQ', 'Group', 'businesses', 'thousands', 'retailers', 'suppliers', 'access', 'pricing', 'Coca-Cola', 'Nestle', 'Reckitt', 'transformation', 'customers', 'countries', 'investments', 'strategy', 'CEO', 'Dagstyr', 'Jazz', 'ambitions', 'deal', 'region', 'startups', 'synergies', 'expansion', 'Karachi', 'Lahore', 'Sialkot', 'Gujranwala', 'milestone', 'founder', 'AliBaba', 'mission', 'team', 'country', 'GDP', 'estimates', 'DEG', 'GoingVC', 'Ayoconnect', 'Quiqup', 'DoorDash']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finextra.com
6465,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-ventures-makes-15m-series-a-investment-in-dastgyr-301567124.html,VEON Ventures Makes $15m Series A Investment in Dastgyr,Deal expands VEON's investments in Pakistan's digital economy AMSTERDAM  June 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  announces today that the Group…,"Deal expands VEON's investments in Pakistan's digital economyAMSTERDAM  June 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  announces today that the Group's VEON Ventures division has completed a US$ 15 million investment as part of a Series A round for Dastgyr  a Pakistan-based B2B e-commerce marketplace platform. This investment will contribute towards boosting Pakistan's e-commerce market.Dastgyr offers businesses a one-stop-shop application that connects thousands of retailers with suppliers to give them access to real-time visibility on pricing and financing rates. Platform partners have included Coca-Cola  Nestle  and Reckitt.""As part of VEON's transformation into a digital operator that delivers a growing range of services to our customers we are investing in leading digital companies like Dastgyr in the countries where we operate. These investments are the building blocks of the digital ecosystem that will enable us to deliver on our strategy "" said Mohd Khairil Abdullah  CEO of VEON Ventures. ""Pakistan  with its rapidly growing digital sector  is a key market for VEON. By bringing together Dagstyr's e-commerce business with Jazz's communications network and JazzCash's mobile payments platform  we will catalyse growth in digital services in Pakistan. This would be further enhanced by the digital banking services that we have ambitions to provide.""The deal is VEON Ventures' largest investment in a Pakistani start-up and reflects the Group's continued commitment to the region and to the growth of Pakistan's digital economy.""Pakistan's start-up ecosystem is at a critical juncture and only startups focused on addressing key challenges and adopting localized solutions will survive and thrive "" added Aamir Ibrahim  CEO of Jazz. ""This investment highlights VEON's commitment to scaling up Pakistan's digital economy and provides Dastgyr with a platform to build synergies with Jazz's subscriber base of 75 million and with JazzCash  further integrating the startup into Pakistan's fintech ecosystem.""Dastgyr will remain an independent entity  with a minority position being taken by VEON Ventures. The new investment round will support Dastgyr's expansion into 15 new cities in Pakistan  alongside its existing network in Karachi  Lahore  Sialkot and Gujranwala.""We are thrilled to achieve this milestone in the current global economic environment "" said Zohaib Ali  co-founder of Dastgyr. ""We welcome the new investors to the Dastgyr family as we continue to work relentlessly toward our vision of building an AliBaba for emerging markets worldwide. We're lucky to have found strategic partners who believe in our mission and have displayed unwavering faith in our team. Financial inclusion  which is central to the startup's mission  will uplift and enable Pakistan's small- and medium-sized retail entrepreneurs  potentially unlocking up to an additional US$ 10 billion for the country's GDP  according to our estimates.""VEON Ventures' investment in Dastgyr Series A funding was made alongside Zinal Growth  DEG  Khwarizmi Ventures  OTF Jasoor Ventures  Cedar Mundi Ventures  Reflect Ventures  Century Oak Capital  Haitou Global  GoingVC  Astir Ventures  K3 Diversity Ventures  Chandaria Capital  along with the founders of Property Finder  Ayoconnect  Quiqup and senior management from DoorDash.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ- and Euronext Amsterdam–listed a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and service serving nine countries that together are home to 9% of the world's population. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets.For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements "" as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON's investments in Pakistan and VEON Ventures' strategy. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina Levina[email protected]TUVA PartnersAlex Brooks[email protected]M +44 7900 205 460SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.63,0.2,0.17,True,English,"['$15m Series A Investment', 'VEON Ventures', 'Dastgyr', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'Pakistan-based B2B e-commerce marketplace platform', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'current global economic environment', 'Dastgyr Series A funding', 'Series A round', 'Mohd Khairil Abdullah', 'medium-sized retail entrepreneurs', 'OTF Jasoor Ventures', 'Cedar Mundi Ventures', 'Century Oak Capital', 'K3 Diversity Ventures', 'US$ 15 million investment', 'global digital operator', 'growing digital sector', 'mobile payments platform', 'growing emerging markets', 'new investment round', 'leading digital companies', 'digital banking services', 'VEON Ventures division', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', ""VEON Ventures' investment"", ""VEON Ventures' strategy"", 'communications network', 'Haitou Global', 'Platform partners', 'growing range', 'Khwarizmi Ventures', 'Reflect Ventures', 'Astir Ventures', 'Chandaria Capital', 'digital economy', 'digital ecosystem', 'mobile connectivity', '15 new cities', 'new investors', 'digital services', 'VEON Ltd.', 'largest investment', 'one-stop-shop application', 'real-time visibility', 'financing rates', 'building blocks', 'key market', 'Pakistani start-up', 'start-up ecosystem', 'critical juncture', 'key challenges', 'localized solutions', 'Aamir Ibrahim', 'subscriber base', 'fintech ecosystem', 'independent entity', 'minority position', 'existing network', 'Zohaib Ali', 'strategic partners', 'unwavering faith', 'Financial inclusion', 'Property Finder', 'senior management', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Marina Levina', 'TUVA Partners', 'Alex Brooks', 'technology-driven services', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'continued commitment', 'nine countries', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'Dastgyr family', 'Zinal Growth', 'statements', 'Deal', 'investments', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'businesses', 'thousands', 'retailers', 'suppliers', 'access', 'pricing', 'Coca-Cola', 'Nestle', 'Reckitt', 'transformation', 'customers', 'CEO', 'Dagstyr', 'Jazz', 'ambitions', 'region', 'startups', 'synergies', 'expansion', 'Karachi', 'Lahore', 'Sialkot', 'Gujranwala', 'milestone', 'founder', 'AliBaba', 'mission', 'team', 'additional', 'country', 'GDP', 'estimates', 'DEG', 'GoingVC', 'Ayoconnect', 'Quiqup', 'DoorDash', 'world', 'population', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,prnewswire.com
6466,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/beauty-features/robertet-fragrance-chairman-ceo-roles-1235205463/,Robertet Separates Chairman  CEO Roles,The world’s largest natural fragrance and flavors supplier reiterated its vow to preserve its independence.,PARIS — Robertet Group  the world’s largest natural fragrance- and flavors-maker  is putting a new corporate structure in place.The family-owned company said Tuesday that it is separating the roles of chairman and chief executive officer.Philippe Maubert  who was named chairman and CEO of the Grasse  France-based company in February  will take up the job of non-executive chairman of the board of directors. Robertet said in a statement that in his new role  Maubert “will ensure the continuity of the company’s strategy and values to preserve its independence.”Concurrently  Jérôme Bruhat  who was named deputy CEO of Robertet in February  has been appointed as the company’s CEO.“He will have the threefold objective of consolidating the company’s worldwide leadership in naturals  continuing to grow the company and updating its operations ” Robertet said in the statement.“This appointment is an important event in the evolution of the Robertet Group’s corporate management and comes in the wake of good results in 2021 and at the beginning of 2022 ” the company continued. “In an uncertain global context  the group continues to assert its unique expertise in natural products  its independence and its confidence in the future.”You May Also LikeTwo of Robertet’s competitors  Givaudan and Firmenich  had made unsolicited entries into Robertet’s capital  taking minority stakes  in early 2020 and late 2019  respectively.“The family wants to maintain the independence of the company because it is the only way we can grow and develop the business ” Christophe Maubert  president of Robertet’s global fragrance division  told WWD in February 2020.Fragrance and flavors companies today are keen to tap into natural ingredient producers  which are key to nourishing the swiftly rising trend of natural and clean fragrances and beauty products around the world.In 2021  Robertet generated sales of 606 million euros  up 12.7 percent in reported terms and 14.9 percent at constant exchange rates versus 2020. By division  revenues gained 12 percent for raw materials  16 percent for fragrance and 8 percent for flavors in the 12-month period.Robertet was founded in 1850 in Grasse  France  and is majority owned by the Maubert family. The company is traded on the Euronext Paris market.Robertet is fully integrated at each stage of the fragrance and flavors creation process. It has representation in more than 50 countries and counts more than 2 000 employees globally.For more  see:Robertet Vows to Remain IndependentEXCLUSIVE: Firmenich Partners With Beauty Retailer Harmay in ChinaGivaudan Is Raising Prices This Year  Citing ‘Higher Input Costs’,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.27,0.28,0.45,True,English,"['CEO\xa0Roles', 'Robertet', 'Chairman', 'Jérôme Bruhat', 'uncertain global context', 'constant exchange rates', 'Higher Input Costs', 'chief executive officer', 'Beauty Retailer Harmay', 'new corporate structure', 'natural ingredient producers', 'Euronext Paris market', 'flavors creation process', 'global fragrance division', 'new role', 'corporate management', 'beauty products', 'threefold objective', 'worldwide leadership', 'important event', 'good results', 'unique expertise', 'natural products', 'unsolicited entries', 'minority stakes', 'flavors companies', 'rising trend', 'clean fragrances', '606 million euros', 'raw materials', '12-month period', 'executive chairman', 'Philippe Maubert', 'Christophe Maubert', 'Firmenich Partners', 'Maubert family', 'family-owned company', 'France-based company', 'Robertet Group', 'flavors-maker', 'place', 'roles', 'CEO', 'Grasse', 'February', 'job', 'board', 'directors', 'statement', 'continuity', 'strategy', 'values', 'independence', 'naturals', 'operations', 'appointment', 'evolution', 'wake', 'beginning', 'confidence', 'future', 'competitors', 'Givaudan', 'capital', 'early', 'way', 'business', 'president', 'WWD', 'sales', 'terms', '14.9 percent', 'revenues', '12 percent', '16 percent', '8 percent', 'majority', 'stage', 'representation', '50 countries', '2,000 employees', 'China', 'Prices']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,wwd.com
6467,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/coachhub-raises-200m-series-c-led-by-sofina-and-softbank-vision-fund-2-to-democratize-coaching-worldwide-301566897.html,CoachHub Raises $200M Series C  Led by Sofina and SoftBank Vision Fund 2 to Democratize Coaching Worldwide,The global category leader and pioneer in digital coaching secures funding to accelerate the rise of digital coaching around the world. NEW YORK  June 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- CoachHub  the leading global digital coaching platform  closed a $200M Series C fun…,"The global category leader and pioneer in digital coaching secures funding to accelerate the rise of digital coaching around the world.NEW YORK  June 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- CoachHub   the leading global digital coaching platform  closed a $200M Series C funding round  led by Sofina and SoftBank Vision Fund 2. The round will be used to further scale CoachHub's product innovation and operations while accelerating the company's global expansion. Following an $80M round only eight months ago  this Series C brings the three-year-old company's total funding to $330M. In addition to Sofina and SoftBank Vision Fund 2  existing investors including Molten Ventures  Speedinvest  HV Capital  Signals Venture Capital and Silicon Valley Bank/SVB Capital also participated in the round.The significant growth investment round pays tribute to CoachHub's outstanding traction and global market position. This investment round comes at a time when the corporate learning industry is undergoing rapid transformation and the digital coaching segment is expected to grow by up to 100 times   resulting in most major organizations looking to implement digital coaching at scale by the end of the decade.Yanni Pipilis  Managing Partner at SoftBank Investment Advisers said  ""The Learning and Development sector is witnessing strong secular trends toward the digitization and personalization of services. CoachHub's digital platform aims to provide a tailored coaching experience to employees at all levels to help advance their careers. We are pleased to partner with the CoachHub team to support their mission of democratizing coaching.""A vast majority (77%) of learning and development professionals feel there is now a greater need to train and develop employees than before the COVID-19 pandemic  according to CoachHub's recent Global HR Survey . Coaching plays an important role in people development strategies and is now more accessible than ever with CoachHub's convenient  location-independent digital platform.""As workplaces continue adapting to the new normal of hybrid and remote models  leaders need individual support and solutions to boost employee performance  engagement and motivation  while keeping wellbeing at the forefront "" said Matti Niebelschuetz  Co-founder of CoachHub. ""Digital coaching offers these benefits and more  resulting in spiking global demand for CoachHub's services.""Provided by CoachHub to employees at all career levels — not just senior-level executives — coaching enhances leadership skills  improves job performance and ultimately builds a more resilient  more productive workforce. Through web- and mobile-based applications  the revolutionary end-to-end digital coaching platform matches learners to a pool of more than 3 500 certified business coaches that speak more than 60 languages and reside in 90 countries  across all time zones. The app couples human intelligence with artificial intelligence technology to pair employees with their ideal coaches and curate a library of content that enhances their learning journey.Since its inception three years ago  CoachHub has grown rapidly to become the global category leader. This latest round of funding will fuel further expansion  with particular emphasis on the United States. The company plans to increase its headcount from 850 worldwide employees to more than 1 000 by the end of the year. The company serves most leading global economies and works with large multinational enterprises like Coca-Cola  Danone  Toyota  LVMH  L'Oréal  Credit Suisse and Twitter.CoachHub is supported by more than 150 product engineers and a world-class  in-house Coaching Lab that employs a team of 30 leading behavioral scientists and is headed by Prof. Dr. Jonathan Passmore  the renowned professional psychologist and coaching researcher. The CoachHub Science Council is an international team of behavioral science experts and educators who help drive R&D for the company by converting scientific evidence into a science-based digital coaching offer. The company also maintains strategic partnerships with renowned organizations like EMCC Global.""We believe 1:1 coaching will continue to be one of the most effective ways of enhancing the socio-emotional and leadership skills needed to thrive in an increasingly complex and rapidly evolving workplace. As a company that seeks to democratize access to quality coaching  CoachHub's mission resonates with our Responsible Investment strategy. We look forward to partnering with them to further their global ambitions."" said Harold Boël  CEO  Sofina.This funding round comes on the heels of CoachHub's expansion into the Asian market as well as the acquisition of leading French coaching platform MoovOne and leading Austrian provider Klaiton Coaching  strengthening CoachHub's global category leadership.About CoachHubCoachHub is the leading global talent development platform that enables organizations to create personalized  measurable and scalable coaching programs for the entire workforce  regardless of department and seniority level. By doing so  organizations are able to reap a multitude of benefits  including increased employee engagement  higher levels of productivity  improved job performance and increased retention. CoachHub's global pool of coaches comprises over 3 500 certified business coaches in 90 countries across six continents with coaching sessions available in over 60 languages  to serve more than 500 clients. Our programs are based on advanced R&D from our Coaching Lab  led by Prof. Jonathan Passmore and our Scientific Board. CoachHub is backed by leading tech investors  including Sofina  SoftBank Vision Fund 2  Molten Ventures  Speedinvest  HV Capital  Partech and Silicon Valley Bank/SVB Capital. In September 2021  CoachHub acquired French digital coaching pioneer MoovOne and in February 2022 the coaching division of Klaiton in Austria  to build a global champion focused on democratizing coaching.About SofinaSofina is a family controlled and run investment company listed on Euronext Brussels  managing its own assets of circa €11 billion. Sofina aspires to be the preferred partner of entrepreneurs and families who lead growing companies by backing them with patient capital and supportive advice. Common vision and strong alignment of interests with its partners are paramount in the deployment of its sustainable strategy. For more information  visit www.sofinagroup.com .CONTACT: Alyssa Rinehart  [email protected]SOURCE CoachHub",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.51,0.3,0.19,True,English,"['$200M Series C', 'SoftBank Vision Fund', 'CoachHub', 'Sofina', 'Coaching', 'leading Austrian provider Klaiton Coaching', 'leading global talent development platform', 'leading global digital coaching platform', '$200M Series C funding round', 'Prof. Dr. Jonathan Passmore', 'recent Global HR Survey', 'leading French coaching platform', 'Silicon Valley Bank/SVB Capital', 'convenient, location-independent digital platform', 'most leading global economies', 'science-based digital coaching offer', 'significant growth investment round', 'The CoachHub Science Council', 'end digital coaching platform', '30 leading behavioral scientists', 'behavioral science experts', 'global category leader', 'SoftBank Vision Fund', 'Signals Venture Capital', 'up to 100 times', 'SoftBank Investment Advisers', 'strong secular trends', 'people development strategies', 'large multinational enterprises', ""L'Oréal"", 'Responsible Investment strategy', 'Harold Boël', 'digital coaching segment', 'tailored coaching experience', 'house Coaching Lab', 'scalable coaching programs', 'global market position', '3,500 certified business coaches', 'artificial intelligence technology', 'renowned professional psychologist', 'most major organizations', 'corporate learning industry', 'global demand', 'EMCC Global', 'global ambitions', 'HV Capital', 'Development sector', 'development professionals', 'democratizing coaching', 'coaching researcher', 'quality coaching', 'global expansion', 'human intelligence', 'ideal coaches', 'Asian market', 'latest round', 'leadership skills', 'renowned organizations', 'total funding', 'NEW YORK', 'product innovation', 'existing investors', 'Molten Ventures', 'outstanding traction', 'rapid transformation', 'Yanni Pipilis', 'Managing Partner', 'vast majority', 'greater need', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'important role', 'new normal', 'remote models', 'individual support', 'employee performance', 'Matti Niebelschuetz', 'senior-level executives', 'job performance', 'productive workforce', 'mobile-based applications', 'revolutionary end', 'particular emphasis', 'United States', 'Credit Suisse', '150 product engineers', 'R&D', 'scientific evidence', 'strategic partnerships', 'effective ways', 'evolving workplace', 'personalized, measurable', 'entire workforce', 'seniority level', 'learning journey', 'international team', 'career levels', 'time zones', 'three-year-old company', 'CoachHub team', '1:1 coaching', 'pioneer', 'world', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'Sofina', 'operations', '$80M', 'addition', 'Speedinvest', 'tribute', 'scale', 'decade', 'digitization', 'personalization', 'services', 'employees', 'careers', 'mission', 'workplaces', 'hybrid', 'solutions', 'engagement', 'motivation', 'wellbeing', 'forefront', 'founder', 'benefits', 'learners', 'pool', '60 languages', '90 countries', 'library', 'content', 'inception', 'headcount', 'Coca-Cola', 'Danone', 'Toyota', 'LVMH', 'Twitter', 'educators', 'socio-emotional', 'complex', 'access', 'CEO', 'heels', 'acquisition', 'MoovOne', 'department', '850']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,prnewswire.com
6468,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://nationalcybersecurity.com/atos-studying-a-possible-separation-into-two-publicly-cybersecurity-cyberattack-cybersecurity-infosecurity-hacker/,Atos studying a possible separation into two publicly | #cybersecurity | #cyberattack | #cybersecurity | #infosecurity | #hacker,Two strong leaders in their respective markets  each with a focused strategy  a dedicated management team  an independent Board of Directors  and an adequate fi,Two strong leaders in their respective markets  each with a focused strategy  a dedicated management team  an independent Board of Directors  and an adequate financial structure: SpinCo (Evidian): a leading player in the digital transformation  big data and cybersecurity markets  delivering high growth and high margins  with a €0.4 billion plan to accelerate profitable growth TFCo (Atos): a leader in managed infrastructure services  digital workplace and professional services  with an ambitious €1.1 billion plan to drive full turnaround by 2026Contemplated project involves a prior reorganization expected to be completed during the second half of 2023 with listing and distribution of SpinCo shares by end of 2023 1Management to present its transformation plan under study at a Capital Markets Day  held today for analysts and investors.Paris – June 14  2022 – Atos  a global leader in digital transformation  high-performance computing and information technology infrastructure  today announces that it is studying a separation into two publicly listed companies:SpinCo (Evidian) would bring together Atos’ Digital and Big Data and Security (BDS) business lines  which generated in 2021 a combined €4.9 billion revenue  growing organically by +5%  and a 7.8% operating margin. SpinCo would be managed by Philippe Oliva  capitalizing on his vast international experience in the Digital sector  and would aim at achieving strong sustainable growth and double-digit margins underpinned by solid underlying market trends and synergy opportunities between BDS and Digital.would bring together Atos’ Digital and Big Data and Security (BDS) business lines  which generated in 2021 a combined €4.9 billion revenue  growing organically by +5%  and a 7.8% operating margin. SpinCo would be managed by Philippe Oliva  capitalizing on his vast international experience in the Digital sector  and would aim at achieving strong sustainable growth and double-digit margins underpinned by solid underlying market trends and synergy opportunities between BDS and Digital. TFCo (Atos) would be composed of Atos’ Tech Foundations business line  which in 2021 generated revenue of €5.4 billion (excluding Unified Communications & Collaboration (UCC))  declining organically by -12%  and a -1.1% operating margin. TFCo would be managed by Nourdine Bihmane  who brings a wealth of experience in the technology sector. TFCo would aim at delivering a full turnaround and restore growth  profitability and cash generation by 2026.Rodolphe Belmer  Chief Executive Officer of Atos  said: “Today we announce our intention to take the in-depth transformation of the Group  started at the beginning of the year  one step further. This potential new path for Atos would aim to optimize the two distinct markets that the Group operates in  both with fundamentally different dynamics: on the one hand  the infrastructure-driven  asset-led market  and  on the other hand  the digital applications and security driven market.Separating these two businesses would create two companies  leaders in their respective segments with proven and recognized track records: Tech Foundations is a trusted partner of choice for managing and modernizing mission critical systems  broadly recognized by the market for leading positions in Digital Workplace and Hybrid Infrastructure; and SpinCo would be strategically positioned on the data & security markets  recognized as the worldwide leader in managed security and #3 in supercomputing.By specializing in two businesses on different and equally attractive paths  each company would focus on what they do best for their customers  creating significant new investment capacity for both and giving both the chance for long term success  growth and achievement. I would like to thank our talented and dedicated employees  who have embarked on the Group’s transformation journey since the beginning of the year.”Bertrand Meunier  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Atos  added: “Having examined a number of possible options  Atos’ Board of Directors is convinced that the envisioned project  presented today by the management  is the best possible for the Group  and would create the highest value for all Atos Stakeholders.”The contemplated project would maximize value for all Atos’ stakeholders by:Creating two companies  with an increased focus on their respective strategies and markets  each with a dedicated management team  the agility to better serve their customers and to execute their respective transformation plans;Providing each company with an adequate capital structure adapted to its respective growth and cash generation profile;Unlocking value of SpinCo by creating a publicly listed company exposed to high-growth and high-margin markets;Supporting TFCo’s transformation and fully financing its turnaround  thereby restoring its financial performance  while keeping optionality to participate in market consolidation;Creating a wealth of professional development opportunities for employees.Studying the creation of two strong leaders in their respective marketsSpinCo (Evidian): a leading player positioned in the high-growth digital transformation  big data and cybersecurity marketsSpinCo (Evidian) would be positioned in high growth markets  driven by the shift to public cloud  increasing need for cybersecurity  big data and analytics going mainstream  and the development of smart applications. SpinCo would be led by a seasoned management team with a successful track record  under the leadership of Philippe Oliva (and appointed deputy Group CEO in charge of the Digital/BDS perimeter) and Anil Agrawal as CFO. In 2021  the SpinCo perimeter generated €4.9 billion revenue  a 7.8% operating margin and a c. €150 million free cash flow before interest and tax. SpinCo would bring together two of Atos’ existing business lines:Digital : with 50 000 experts 2 and strong partnerships with hyperscalers and market leading software vendors  Digital partners with customers in their digital journey to help them transform their businesses. In a fast-growing market supported by the shift to cloud and an increasing demand for digital transformation  Digital is well positioned to grow. Led by Rakesh Khanna  Digital generated €3.5 billion in revenue and a high single-digit operating margin in 2021. Digital’s 2022-2026 acceleration plan  for a total cost of c. €370 million over the period  would aim at improving its sales performance in order to unlock growth potential  and transforming its delivery model in order to enhance profitability.: with 50 000 experts and strong partnerships with hyperscalers and market leading software vendors  Digital partners with customers in their digital journey to help them transform their businesses. In a fast-growing market supported by the shift to cloud and an increasing demand for digital transformation  Digital is well positioned to grow. Led by Rakesh Khanna  Digital generated €3.5 billion in revenue and a high single-digit operating margin in 2021. Digital’s 2022-2026 acceleration plan  for a total cost of c. €370 million over the period  would aim at improving its sales performance in order to unlock growth potential  and transforming its delivery model in order to enhance profitability. Big Data and Security (BDS): with 9 000 highly talented experts2  BDS is the trusted partner for secure data intelligence  through two activities: Digital Security and Advanced Computing. Recognized by Gartner as the #1 player in Managed Security Services worldwide and by Hyperion as the #3 player worldwide in Supercomputing  BDS enjoys a strong position in its markets  to capitalize on a growing demand for cybersecurity and advanced computing products and services. Led by Jean-Philippe Poirault  BDS generated €1.4 billion in revenue and a mid-single-digit operating margin in 2021 (driven down by the Advanced Computing division while Digital Security stood at a high-single digit). Investments in BDS over 2022-2026  for a total amount of c. €40 million  would aim at accelerating growth  notably by repositioning its advanced computing portfolio  and stepping up operating margin  through renewed growth and improved cost base.SpinCo would benefit from strong commercial and managerial synergy opportunities between its two business lines  in particular with the fertilization of Digital’s customer base by BDS and with a joint go-to-market strategy. In total  SpinCo’s acceleration plan is expected to represent an investment of €0.4 billion over the next five years. This is expected to allow SpinCo to deliver c. 7% organic growth on average over 2022-2026 (starting from an expected €5.3 billion in 2022)  to gradually improve its operating margin to 12% in 2026 and generate €700 million in free cash flow before interest and tax  corresponding to a 75% to 80% OMDA conversion3. SpinCo’s leverage target would be below 3.0x OMDA as of 2024.TFCo (Atos): leader in Managed Infrastructure Services  Digital Workplace and Professional ServicesTFCo (Atos) would consist of Atos’ Tech Foundations business line  focused on designing  building and managing complex and vital information systems worldwide. Led by Nourdine Bihmane (and appointed Group deputy CEO in charge of the Tech Foundations perimeter) and Darren Pilcher  CFO  Tech Foundations is positioned on the infrastructure and private cloud market  which is currently experiencing a mix shift from traditional to next generation infrastructure. With 48 000 employees2 across the world and serving more than 1 200 customers across geographies and industries  Tech Foundations generated  in 2021 (excluding UCC)  €5.4 billion in revenue  a -1.1% operating margin and a €-507 million free cash flow before interest and tax (including an exceptional €-180 million cash out related to the funding of a restructuring plan in Germany and working capital normalization for around €-200 million).In order to adapt to the shifting market trends described above  TFCo would implement an ambitious turnaround plan that would ultimately reposition the business for growth  profitability and cash generation. This plan  for a total cost of €1.1 billion over the 2022-2026 period  is articulated around 3 key steps:Refocus: rationalizing the activity portfolio to pave the way for transformation  by exiting non-strategic businesses and turning around or exiting negative margin accounts;Recover: resetting the cost structure by addressing structural issues across right shoring  age pyramid  reducing third-party spending and consolidating data centers and facilities to drive cost savings;Rebound: stabilize revenue and then pivot to growth  thanks to the development of next generation offerings and investments in sales capabilities.TFCo is expected to generate c. €5.0 billion in revenue in 2022 (excluding UCC). As the turnaround plan is being executed  revenue is expected to decrease to c. €4.1 billion in 2024 before stabilizing in 2025 and resuming a growth trajectory form 2026 onwards. Operating margin is expected to turn positive in 2025 and to exceed 5% in 2026. Free cash flow before interest and tax is expected at €150 million in 2026 and growing around €50 million per year thereafter  which would enable TFCo to have a solid stand-alone path or participate in industry consolidation.FinancingShould Atos decide to move forward with this project  the Group estimates its total funding needs for the 2022-2023 period  until the contemplated separation would become effective  to be around €1.6 billion. This amount of €1.6 billion is based on a €3.4 billion cash position as of December 2021 and a €2.8 billion minimum cash needed to run the Group’s operations as of December 2023  and takes into account:An estimated €-1.4 billion total cash outflow  including the costs of the transformation plans of both SpinCo and TFCo  for their portion to be expensed in 2022 and 2023  (c. €-0.9 billion)  a potential further increase in working capital in the context of the Group transformation  (c. €-0.4 billion)  the Cloudreach acquisition  as well as free cash flows and other items for the 2022-2023 period;Debt repayments for an estimated cumulative amount of €-1.5 billion over the period;Proceeds expected from a contemplated non-core businesses disposal program (mostly within SpinCo)  for €0.7 billion.This funding requirement is covered by the Group’s current liquidity at hand  and the Group is currently in advanced discussions with two of its financing banks.After the completion of the contemplated separation  the capital structure of both Spin Co and TFCo would be designed to fit their respective financial profile and funding needs.Contemplated transaction calendar and detailsIf it is decided to move forward with the project  the objective would be to complete the separation into two entities (involving a prior reorganization of the Group) during the second half of 2023  and to complete the listing and distribution of SpinCo shares by the end of 2023  according to the preferred scenario at this stage. Atos’ Board of Directors has approved the launch of the in-depth study of the contemplated transaction. The decision on this reorganization and separate listing project and its terms and conditions will be made after the ongoing in-depth analysis has been completed; it remains conditional on general market conditions and would be subject to customary processes  including governance bodies and shareholders’ approval as well as consultation with the relevant employee representative bodies. Further information on any significant developments in this respect will be made to the market in due time  in accordance with applicable regulations.In the preferred scenario at this stage  Atos’ shareholders would retain their current shares of Atos and would receive SpinCo shares as in-kind distributions. SpinCo would be listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange. After completion of the envisaged transaction  it is currently contemplated that Atos shareholders would hold 100% of TFCo and 70% of Spin Co. The remaining 30% stake in Spin Co would be held by TFCo and monetized over time to refinance TFCo’s turnaround costs.While SpinCo and TFCo management teams will be fully dedicated to their day-to-day operations and the execution of their respective transformation plans  the potential separation process will be managed by a dedicated team led by Rodolphe Belmer  Atos Chief Executive Officer  alongside Diane Galbe  Atos Chief Strategy Officer.Atos 2022 financial outlookRevenue growth at constant currency of -0.5% to +1.5%;Operating margin of 3% to 5%;Free cash flow between €-150 million and € 200 million.Business trends at the date of this press release confirm revenue growth and free cash flow ranges and point towards the lower half of the operating margin range.AdvisorsD’Angelin & Co  Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  Perella Weinberg Partners LP and Rothschild & Co are acting as financial advisors to Atos. Darrois Villey Maillot Brochier and White & Case are acting as legal advisors and Clifford Chance is acting as tax advisor.***ContactsInvestor Relations – Thomas Guillois – +33 6 21 34 36 62 – thomas.guillois@atos.netMedia – Martin Bovo – +33 6 14 46 79 94 – martin.bovo@atos.netAbout AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 Paris Stock indexes.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group’s expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitor’s behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Atos’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Atos’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 6  2022 under the registration number D.22-0247. Atos does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document does not contain or constitute an offer of Atos’s shares or any other securities for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in Atos’s shares or any other securities in France  the United States of America  or any other jurisdiction.This document includes information on specific transactions that shall be considered as projects only. In particular  any decision relating to the information or projects mentioned in this document and their terms and conditions will only be made after the ongoing in-depth analysis considering tax  legal  operational  finance  HR and all other relevant aspects has been completed  remains conditional on general market conditions and would be subject to the customary processes  including governance bodies and shareholders’ approval as well as consultation with the relevant employee representative bodies  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.1 According to preferred scenario at this stage2 Indicative and provisional figure as c. 6 000 Atos employees are still in the process of being allocated. If a decision is made to move forward with the envisaged project  full allocation is expected to be completed at the close of the project.3 Expressed in percentage of OMDA pre-IFRS 16,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,mixed,0.64,0.2,0.16,True,English,"['possible separation', 'Atos', 'infosecurity', 'Atos’ Tech Foundations business line', 'significant new investment capacity', 'solid underlying market trends', 'potential new path', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'recognized track records', 'mission critical systems', 'long term success', 'adequate capital structure', 'infrastructure-driven, asset-led market', 'BDS) business lines', 'adequate financial structure', 'vast international experience', 'Capital Markets Day', 'ambitious €1.1 billion plan', 'combined €4.9 billion revenue', 'strong sustainable growth', 'cash generation profile', 'information technology infrastructure', 'professional development opportunities', 'Two strong leaders', 'dedicated management team', 'two distinct markets', 'security driven market', 'respective transformation plans', '€0.4 billion plan', 'market consolidation', 'professional services', 'technology sector', 'financial performance', 'two publicly', 'two businesses', 'infrastructure services', 'synergy opportunities', 'Hybrid Infrastructure', 'dedicated employees', 'respective markets', 'cybersecurity markets', 'high-margin markets', 'two companies', 'focused strategy', 'leading player', 'high growth', 'high margins', 'profitable growth', 'prior reorganization', 'second half', 'high-performance computing', '7.8% operating margin', 'Philippe Oliva', 'double-digit margins', 'Unified Communications', 'Nourdine Bihmane', 'Rodolphe Belmer', 'depth transformation', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'respective segments', 'trusted partner', 'leading positions', 'attractive paths', 'transformation journey', 'Bertrand Meunier', 'possible options', 'respective strategies', 'respective growth', 'digital transformation', 'digital workplace', 'Digital sector', 'digital applications', 'big data', 'Atos Stakeholders', 'Atos’ stakeholders', 'independent Board', 'full turnaround', 'global leader', 'worldwide leader', 'highest value', 'Unlocking value', 'Atos’ Digital', 'different dynamics', 'Atos’ Board', 'Contemplated project', 'SpinCo shares', 'Directors', 'Evidian', 'TFCo', 'listing', 'distribution', 'study', 'analysts', 'investors', 'Paris', 'June', 'separation', 'Collaboration', 'wealth', 'profitability', 'intention', 'Group', 'beginning', 'year', 'proven', 'choice', 'supercomputing', 'company', 'customers', 'chance', 'achievement', 'talented', 'Chairman', 'number', 'increased', 'agility', 'high-growth', 'optionality', 'creation', '2023']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,nationalcybersecurity.com
6469,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/malibu--musician-jessie-james-decker-are-giving-friends-a-secret-escape-to-do-whatever-tastes-good-301567223.html,Malibu & Musician Jessie James Decker are Giving Friends a Secret Escape to Do Whatever Tastes Good,The best part? You don't have to do any of the planning! The twist? You have to be down for whatever  wherever! NEW YORK  June 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Malibu and country singer songwriter Jessie James Decker have teamed up to search for friends looking to Do…,"""As a musician and working momma of three  I know all too well that sometimes you need to take a moment to leave your worries at the door and have an easy escape. And the last thing you want to do when you are busy is plan. You just want to be there!"" said Decker. ""That's why I'm excited to partner with Malibu to give friends a Secret Escape to experience the places I love and activities I've enjoyed through my personal vacations and tour stops. The best part is crews just have to kick back  relax and be down for whatever  wherever!""Each trip  worth $10 000  will be coordinated by surprise travel brand Pack Up + Go . If you win  all you need to do is confirm when you and two friends want to travel  pack a suitcase and be ready to escape.""Leaning into our new global brand positioning that reminds you  with Malibu  you can Do Whatever Tastes Good  we're offering our consumers experiences that embody that instant escape "" said Reshma Dhati  Malibu's Brand Marketing Director  Pernod Ricard USA. ""The beauty of Malibu is that it's so simple and enjoyable  just like these Secret Escapes will be for friends.""Would you and your crew put your plans in Malibu & Jessie's hands? Now through July 5  you can visit maliburumdrinks.com/secretescapes for a chance to win a Secret Escape by sharing why you and your crew are ready to Do Whatever Tastes Good. Winning crews will be announced mid-July with their secret destinations revealed!The brand is also offering a Malibu Piña Colada Cocktail Kit   which contains everything needed to shake up or blend the perfect piña colada. Additionally  see how easy and delicious cocktails can be made by just adding Malibu with the Just Add Malibu Cocktail Bundle including Bay Breeze and Mojito ingredients. Both cocktail kits are currently available on SourcedCraftCocktails.com .For those in New York City looking to find your escape  Malibu will be hosting a multi-sensory pop up experience from June 16-18 with details on @malibrumus . Welcome to the world of Malibu!SIP EASY. ENJOY MALIBU RESPONSIBLY.MALIBU® Caribbean Rum with Coconut Liqueur. 21% - 24% Alc/Vol.© Pernod Ricard USA  New York  NYABOUT PERNOD RICARD USA®Pernod Ricard USA is the premium spirits and wine company in the U.S.  and the largest subsidiary of Paris  France-based Pernod Ricard SA.  the world's second-largest spirits and wine company. Pernod Ricard employs approximately 19 000 people worldwide  is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI) and is part of the CAC 40 index. The company's leading spirits include such prestigious brands as Absolut® Vodka  Avión® Tequila  Chivas Regal® Scotch Whisky  The Glenlivet® Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Jameson® Irish Whiskey  Kahlúa® Liqueur  Malibu®  Martell® Cognac  Olmeca Altos® Tequila   Beefeater® Gin  Del Maguey® Single Village Mezcal  Monkey 47® Gin  Plymouth® Gin  Seagram's® Extra Dry Gin  Malfy® Gin  Hiram Walker® Liqueurs  Midleton® Irish Whiskey  Powers® Irish Whiskey  Redbreast® Irish Whiskey  Aberlour® Single Malt Scotch Whisky; Lillet®; Smithworks® Vodka  Jefferson's® Bourbon  Smooth Ambler® Whiskey  Rabbit Hole® Whiskey  Pernod® and Ricard®; such superior wines as Jacob's Creek®  Kenwood® Vineyards  Campo Viejo® and Brancott Estate®; and such exquisite champagnes and sparkling wines as Perrier-Jouët® Champagne  G.H. Mumm™ Champagne and Mumm Napa® sparkling wines.Pernod Ricard USA is headquartered in New York  New York  and has more than 700 employees across the country. As ""creators of conviviality "" we are committed to sustainable and responsible business practices in service of our customers  consumers  employees and the planet. Pernod Ricard USA urges all adults to consume its products responsibly and has an active program to promote responsible drinking. For more information on this  please visit: www.responsibility.org .ABSOLUT MALIBU SECRET ESCAPES CONTESTNo purchase necessary to enter or win. Purchasing a product will not improve your chances of winning. Must be legal resident of the (48) contiguous U.S. or D.C. (excludes AK and HI)  age 21 or older. Registration begins at 12:00a ET 6/14/2022 and ends at 11:59p ET 7/5/2022. To enter  and for complete official rules including eligibility  prize descriptions and ARV  scan the QR code or directly visit www.maliburumdrinks.com/SecretEscapes . Odds of winning based upon number of eligible entries received  skill of each entrant in essay submission  and decisions of judges. No alcoholic beverage is part of any prize award. Void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. SPONSOR: Pernod Ricard  250 Park Avenue  New York  NY 10177.ContactJoanna Hein[email protected]Kat Leggett[email protected]SOURCE Pernod Ricard USA",positive,0.57,0.42,0.01,mixed,0.79,0.11,0.1,True,English,"['Musician Jessie James Decker', 'Secret Escape', 'Malibu', 'Friends', 'The Glenlivet® Single Malt Scotch Whisky', 'Malibu Piña Colada Cocktail Kit', 'Aberlour® Single Malt Scotch Whisky', 'Del Maguey® Single Village Mezcal', 'perfect piña colada', 'Chivas Regal® Scotch Whisky', 'multi-sensory pop up experience', 'G.H. Mumm™ Champagne', 'Mumm Napa® sparkling wines', 'new global brand positioning', 'SOURCE Pernod Ricard USA', 'ABSOLUT MALIBU SECRET ESCAPES', 'Kahlúa® Liqueur', 'Perrier-Jouët® Champagne', 'Avión® Tequila', 'Jameson® Irish Whiskey', 'Olmeca Altos® Tequila', 'Hiram Walker® Liqueurs', 'Midleton® Irish Whiskey', 'Powers® Irish Whiskey', 'Redbreast® Irish Whiskey', 'Smooth Ambler® Whiskey', 'Rabbit Hole® Whiskey', 'surprise travel brand', 'Brand Marketing Director', 'Malibu Cocktail Bundle', 'PERNOD RICARD USA®', 'responsible business practices', 'Pernod Ricard SA', 'Extra Dry Gin', 'ENJOY MALIBU RESPONSIBLY', 'MALIBU® Caribbean Rum', 'New York City', 'cocktail kits', 'Absolut® Vodka', 'superior wines', 'Coconut Liqueur', 'responsible drinking', 'secret destinations', 'Beefeater® Gin', 'Monkey 47® Gin', 'Plymouth® Gin', 'Malfy® Gin', 'working momma', 'last thing', 'personal vacations', 'tour stops', 'Reshma Dhati', 'delicious cocktails', 'Bay Breeze', 'Mojito ingredients', 'premium spirits', 'U.S.', 'largest subsidiary', 'largest spirits', 'CAC 40 index', 'leading spirits', 'prestigious brands', 'Martell® Cognac', 'Smithworks® Vodka', 'Kenwood® Vineyards', 'Campo Viejo', 'Brancott Estate', 'exquisite champagnes', 'active program', 'legal resident', 'D.C.', 'official rules', 'prize descriptions', 'QR code', 'eligible entries', 'essay submission', 'alcoholic beverage', 'prize award', '250 Park Avenue', 'Joanna Hein', 'Kat Leggett', 'instant escape', 'SIP EASY', 'wine company', 'consumers experiences', 'Winning crews', 'NY ABOUT', 'easy escape', 'best part', 'two friends', 'musician', 'moment', 'worries', 'door', 'plan', 'Decker', 'places', 'activities', 'trip', 'suitcase', 'beauty', 'Jessie', 'hands', 'July', 'maliburumdrinks', 'secretescapes', 'chance', 'everything', 'Both', 'SourcedCraftCocktails', 'June', 'details', 'world', 'Vol', 'Paris', 'France-based', '19,000 people', 'Euronext', 'Ticker', 'Seagram', 'Lillet®', 'Jefferson', 'Bourbon', 'Jacob', 'Creek', '700 employees', 'country', 'creators', 'conviviality', 'sustainable', 'service', 'customers', 'adults', 'products', 'information', 'responsibility', 'org', 'CONTEST', 'purchase', 'AK', 'Registration', '12:00a', '11:59p', 'eligibility', 'ARV', 'Odds', 'number', 'skill', 'entrant', 'decisions', 'judges', 'law', 'SPONSOR', 'Contact', '24']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,prnewswire.com
6470,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.kold.com/prnewswire/2022/06/14/veon-ventures-makes-15m-series-investment-dastgyr/,VEON Ventures Makes $15m Series A Investment in Dastgyr,,"Deal expands VEON's investments in Pakistan's digital economyAMSTERDAM  June 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  announces today that the Group's VEON Ventures division has completed a US$ 15 million investment as part of a Series A round for Dastgyr  a Pakistan-based B2B e-commerce marketplace platform. This investment will contribute towards boosting Pakistan's e-commerce market.Dastgyr offers businesses a one-stop-shop application that connects thousands of retailers with suppliers to give them access to real-time visibility on pricing and financing rates. Platform partners have included Coca-Cola  Nestle  and Reckitt.""As part of VEON's transformation into a digital operator that delivers a growing range of services to our customers we are investing in leading digital companies like Dastgyr in the countries where we operate. These investments are the building blocks of the digital ecosystem that will enable us to deliver on our strategy "" said Mohd Khairil Abdullah  CEO of VEON Ventures. ""Pakistan  with its rapidly growing digital sector  is a key market for VEON. By bringing together Dagstyr's e-commerce business with Jazz's communications network and JazzCash's mobile payments platform  we will catalyse growth in digital services in Pakistan. This would be further enhanced by the digital banking services that we have ambitions to provide.""The deal is VEON Ventures' largest investment in a Pakistani start-up and reflects the Group's continued commitment to the region and to the growth of Pakistan's digital economy.""Pakistan's start-up ecosystem is at a critical juncture and only startups focused on addressing key challenges and adopting localized solutions will survive and thrive "" added Aamir Ibrahim  CEO of Jazz. ""This investment highlights VEON's commitment to scaling up Pakistan's digital economy and provides Dastgyr with a platform to build synergies with Jazz's subscriber base of 75 million and with JazzCash  further integrating the startup into Pakistan's fintech ecosystem.""Dastgyr will remain an independent entity  with a minority position being taken by VEON Ventures. The new investment round will support Dastgyr's expansion into 15 new cities in Pakistan  alongside its existing network in Karachi  Lahore  Sialkot and Gujranwala.""We are thrilled to achieve this milestone in the current global economic environment "" said Zohaib Ali  co-founder of Dastgyr. ""We welcome the new investors to the Dastgyr family as we continue to work relentlessly toward our vision of building an AliBaba for emerging markets worldwide. We're lucky to have found strategic partners who believe in our mission and have displayed unwavering faith in our team. Financial inclusion  which is central to the startup's mission  will uplift and enable Pakistan's small- and medium-sized retail entrepreneurs  potentially unlocking up to an additional US$ 10 billion for the country's GDP  according to our estimates.""VEON Ventures' investment in Dastgyr Series A funding was made alongside Zinal Growth  DEG  Khwarizmi Ventures  OTF Jasoor Ventures  Cedar Mundi Ventures  Reflect Ventures  Century Oak Capital  Haitou Global  GoingVC  Astir Ventures  K3 Diversity Ventures  Chandaria Capital  along with the founders of Property Finder  Ayoconnect  Quiqup and senior management from DoorDash.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ- and Euronext Amsterdam–listed a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and service serving nine countries that together are home to 9% of the world's population. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets.For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements "" as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON's investments in Pakistan and VEON Ventures' strategy. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationGroup Communications DirectorMarina LevinaMarina.levina@veon.com VEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorAlex Brooksalex.brooks@tuvapartners.comM +44 7900 205 460 TUVA PartnersAlex BrooksView original content:SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.63,0.2,0.17,True,English,"['$15m Series A Investment', 'VEON Ventures', 'Dastgyr', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'Pakistan-based B2B e-commerce marketplace platform', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Contact Information Group Communications Director', 'current global economic environment', 'VEON GroupGroup Communications Director', 'Dastgyr Series A funding', 'Series A round', 'Mohd Khairil Abdullah', 'medium-sized retail entrepreneurs', 'OTF Jasoor Ventures', 'Cedar Mundi Ventures', 'Century Oak Capital', 'K3 Diversity Ventures', 'Alex Brooks alex', '205 460 TUVA PartnersAlex Brooks', 'US$ 15 million investment', 'global digital operator', 'growing digital sector', 'mobile payments platform', 'Marina Levina Marina', 'growing emerging markets', 'new investment round', 'leading digital companies', 'digital banking services', 'VEON Ventures division', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', ""VEON Ventures' investment"", ""VEON Ventures' strategy"", 'communications network', 'Haitou Global', 'Platform partners', 'growing range', 'Khwarizmi Ventures', 'Reflect Ventures', 'Astir Ventures', 'Chandaria Capital', 'digital economy', 'digital ecosystem', 'mobile connectivity', '15 new cities', 'new investors', 'digital services', 'largest investment', 'VEON Ltd.', 'one-stop-shop application', 'real-time visibility', 'financing rates', 'building blocks', 'key market', 'Pakistani start-up', 'start-up ecosystem', 'critical juncture', 'key challenges', 'localized solutions', 'Aamir Ibrahim', 'subscriber base', 'fintech ecosystem', 'independent entity', 'minority position', 'existing network', 'Zohaib Ali', 'strategic partners', 'unwavering faith', 'Financial inclusion', 'Property Finder', 'senior management', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'original content', 'technology-driven services', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'continued commitment', 'nine countries', 'unanticipated events', 'Dastgyr family', 'Zinal Growth', 'statements', 'Deal', 'investments', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'businesses', 'thousands', 'retailers', 'suppliers', 'access', 'pricing', 'Coca-Cola', 'Nestle', 'Reckitt', 'transformation', 'customers', 'CEO', 'Dagstyr', 'Jazz', 'ambitions', 'region', 'startups', 'synergies', 'expansion', 'Karachi', 'Lahore', 'Sialkot', 'Gujranwala', 'milestone', 'founder', 'AliBaba', 'mission', 'team', 'additional', 'country', 'GDP', 'estimates', 'DEG', 'GoingVC', 'Ayoconnect', 'Quiqup', 'DoorDash', 'world', 'population', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'tuvapartners']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,kold.com
6471,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.financemagnates.com/institutional-forex/euronext-to-acquire-technology-businesses-from-nexis-capital-markets-activities/,Euronext to Acquire Technology Businesses from Nexi’s Capital Markets Activities,15 hours ago,To enhance its operations  Euronext Group  a leading pan-European market infrastructure provider connecting European economies to global capital markets to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth  announced today that it will acquire technology businesses from Nexi’s capital markets activities. Nexi has been a partner of MTS and Euronext Securities Milan for more than three decades.According to the details shared by Euronext Group  Nexi will continue to provide technology services to Euronext under transitional arrangements following the transaction. The purchase amount of the transaction  which will be paid in cash  stands at €57 million.Stéphane Boujnah  the CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board at Euronext  said: “The planned acquisition of the technology assets driving MTS and Euronext Securities Milan is a key milestone in the Borsa Italiana Group integration process. At Euronext  owning the intellectual property of our critical operations is at the center of our strategy  to secure the robustness of our operations and enable further development and product innovation. We look forward to welcoming the new teams to the Euronext Group.”The transaction  which is subject to regulatory approvals  is expected to close in the second half of 2022.Renato Martini  the Digital Banking & Corporate Solutions Director at Nexi  said: “This sale  consistent with our strategy following the mergers with SIA and Nets  will allow us to focus further on our core business  digital payments  accelerating our growth in Europe and focusing on the realization of synergies.”Euronext’s GrowthEuronext called the recent announcement an important step toward the company’s growth strategy. The operator mentioned that the acquisition will enhance its technology capabilities.“The transaction will also strengthen the core operations of MTS and Euronext Securities Milan  which joined Euronext in April 2021. With this transaction  Euronext internalizes the core trading platform of MTS and its largest IT contract ” the operator added.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Capital Markets Activities', 'Technology Businesses', 'Euronext', 'Nexi', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure provider', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration process', 'global capital markets', 'capital markets activities', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Corporate Solutions Director', 'largest IT contract', 'core trading platform', 'Euronext Securities Milan', 'Euronext Group', 'European economies', 'technology businesses', 'three decades', 'technology services', 'transitional arrangements', 'purchase amount', 'Managing Board', 'technology assets', 'key milestone', 'intellectual property', 'new teams', 'regulatory approvals', 'second half', 'Renato Martini', 'Digital Banking', 'digital payments', 'recent announcement', 'technology capabilities', 'core operations', 'sustainable growth', 'product innovation', 'growth strategy', 'Nexi', 'partner', 'MTS', 'details', 'transaction', 'cash', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'acquisition', 'center', 'robustness', 'development', 'sale', 'mergers', 'SIA', 'Nets', 'realization', 'synergies', 'company', 'operator', 'April']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,financemagnates.com
6472,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/06/14/2461741/0/en/Euronext-announces-the-acquisition-of-the-technology-businesses-from-Nexi-s-capital-markets-activities.html,Euronext announces the acquisition of the technology ...,15 hours ago,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces the acquisition of the technology businesses from Nexi’s capital markets activitiesAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  London  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 14 June 2022 – Euronext Group (“Euronext”) and Nexi S.p.A. (“Nexi”) announce the signing of the sale and purchase of the technology businesses currently powering MTS  Euronext’s leading fixed-income trading platform  and Euronext Securities Milan (formerly called Monte Titoli) by Nexi to Euronext (the “Transaction”).The purchase price will be paid in cash and amounts to c. €57m  subject to customary closing adjustments.This Transaction is a new step in Euronext’s strategy to leverage its integrated value chain as it further enhances Euronext’s technology competencies and capabilities in trading and post trade. The Transaction will also strengthen the core operations of MTS and Euronext Securities Milan  which joined Euronext in April 2021. With this Transaction  Euronext internalises the core trading platform of MTS and its largest IT contract. It enables Euronext to become more agile and efficient by fully owning the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities Milan.Nexi  the leading PayTech in Europe  has been a partner of choice of MTS and Euronext Securities Milan for more than 30 years  powering their technology. Following the Transaction  Nexi will continue to provide technology services to Euronext under transitional arrangements and other services under related commercial agreements.The Transaction  which will be realized through Euronext’s subsidiaries MTS and Euronext Securities Milan  is expected to close in the second half of 2022 and is subject to the customary approvals from the competent authorities and completion of the union consultation procedure.Renato Martini  Digital Banking & Corporate Solutions Director at Nexi  said: “This sale  consistent with our strategy following the mergers with SIA and Nets  will allow us to focus further on our core business  digital payments  accelerating our growth in Europe and focusing on the realisation of synergies.""Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board at Euronext  said: “The planned acquisition of the technology assets driving MTS and Euronext Securities Milan is a key milestone in the Borsa Italiana Group integration process. At Euronext  owning the intellectual property of our critical operations is at the center of our strategy  to secure the robustness of our operations and to enable further development and product innovation. We look forward to welcoming the new teams to the Euronext Group.”CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir @euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €6.6 trillion in market capitalisation as of end March 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.18,0.21,0.61,True,English,"['Euronext', 'acquisition', 'technology', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration process', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'leading fixed-income trading platform', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Nexi S.p.A.', 'core trading platform', 'integrated value chain', 'related commercial agreements', 'union consultation procedure', 'Corporate Solutions Director', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'global capital markets', 'customary closing adjustments', 'largest IT contract', 'total product offering', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'capital markets activities', 'main regulated market', 'Euronext Securities Milan', 'leading PayTech', 'market capitalisation', 'junior markets', 'customary approvals', 'CONTACTS MEDIA', 'largest centre', 'funds listings', 'investment activities', 'The Group', 'Euronext Group', 'core business', 'derivatives markets', 'Euronext Clearing', 'new step', 'post trade', 'core operations', 'transitional arrangements', 'other services', 'second half', 'competent authorities', 'Renato Martini', 'Digital Banking', 'digital payments', 'Managing Board', 'key milestone', 'intellectual property', 'product innovation', 'new teams', 'European economies', 'regulated exchanges', '2,000 listed issuers', 'end March', 'transparent equity', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'reasonable care', 'critical operations', 'technology businesses', 'technology competencies', 'technology services', 'technology assets', 'purchase price', 'sustainable growth', 'information purposes', 'The Transaction', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'acquisition', 'London', '14 June', 'signing', 'sale', 'MTS', 'cash', 'amounts', 'strategy', 'capabilities', 'April', 'partner', 'choice', '30 years', 'subsidiaries', 'completion', 'mergers', 'SIA', 'Nets', 'realisation', 'synergies', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'center', 'robustness', 'development', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'right', 'obligation', 'creation', '70']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,globenewswire.com
6473,EuroNext,Google API,https://tech.eu/2022/06/13/french-video-streaming-software-broadpeak-lists-on-euronext-growth-paris/,French video streaming software Broadpeak lists on Euronext Growth Paris,1 day ago,French video streaming software Broadpeak has now listed on Euronext Growth Paris. The new development will allow the startup to scale its international presence and increase the size of its sales teams. It also aims to further develop and expand its SaaS cloud platform launched earlier this year.The Brittany-based company specialises in the design  development and manufacture of components  software and systems for video streaming and digital content delivery for content providers and network operators. Broadpeak recently launched its IPO to fund research and development programme for its technology tools and services.Talking about the growing business  Jacques Le Mancq  chairman and CEO of Broadpeak  said: “Broadpeak aims to deploy software solutions that enable the streaming of content that people love on a global scale. We have over 200 million users in over 50 countries. On the financial front  we are performing well with an average annual growth of 40% since 2015 and profitability that has already been demonstrated and is now confirmed by Broadpeak's IPO. The success of our introduction on Euronext will enable us to consolidate our technological lead and extend our commercial penetration  particularly through our SaaS platform.”,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.93,0.04,0.03,True,English,"['French video streaming software', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Broadpeak lists', 'French video streaming software', 'The Brittany-based company', 'Jacques Le Mancq', 'average annual growth', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'SaaS cloud platform', 'digital content delivery', 'SaaS platform', 'software solutions', 'international presence', 'sales teams', 'content providers', 'network operators', 'technology tools', 'growing business', 'global scale', '200 million users', 'financial front', 'technological lead', 'commercial penetration', 'new development', 'development programme', 'Broadpeak', 'startup', 'size', 'design', 'manufacture', 'components', 'systems', 'IPO', 'research', 'services', 'chairman', 'CEO', 'people', '50 countries', 'profitability', 'success', 'introduction']",2022-06-13,2022-06-14,tech.eu
6474,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/Marel%3A+Transactions+in+relation+to+share+buyback+programs/20205423.html,Marel: Transactions in relation to share buyback programs,1 day ago,"During the days 8-10 June 2022 Marel hf. purchased 690 500 of its own shares on Nasdaq Iceland at the purchase price of ISK 417 608 000 and 32 572 of its own shares on Euronext Amsterdam at the purchase price of EUR 143 746. See further details in attachment and on Marel’s website: marel.com/buybackThe trade is in accordance with Marel’s buyback programs on Nasdaq Iceland and Euronext Amsterdam  announced on 1 June 2022  which are based on the authorization of Marel hf.´s Annual General Meeting regarding the purchase of own shares on 16 March 2022.Marel hf. held 14 705 704 own shares prior to the notified transactions or the equivalent to 1.91% of issued shares in the company and held 15 428 776 own shares after the transactions  or the equivalent of 2.00% of issued shares in the company.Marel hf. has purchased a total of 1 636 954 own shares under the buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland  for a total purchase price of ISK 993 257 124 and a total of 87 372 own shares under the buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam for a total purchase price of EUR 389 188.Buybacks under both programs will amount to a total maximum of 5 000 000 shares  thereof 4 000 000 on Nasdaq Iceland and 1 000 000 on Euronext Amsterdam  or the equivalent of total 0.65% of issued shares. The maximum total purchase price of the program on Nasdaq Iceland is up to ISK 3 047 668 000 and the maximum total purchase price of the program on Euronext Amsterdam is up to EUR 5 590 000. The buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland is in effect from 1 June 2022 until and including 1 September 2022. The buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam is in effect from 2 June 2022 until and including 2 September 2022.The buyback programs are executed in accordance with Chapter VIII. of the Icelandic Act No. 2/1995 on Public Limited Companies  Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on market abuse (""MAR"")  and the Commission’s delegated regulation 2016/1052 cf. also Icelandic Act No. 6/2021 on measures against Market Abuse.Investor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email [email protected] or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 500 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['buyback programs', 'Marel', 'Transactions', 'relation', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'maximum total purchase price', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Public Limited Companies', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'total maximum', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Chapter VIII', 'Icelandic Act', 'European Parliament', 'market abuse', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'buyback programs', 'Regulation No.', 'Marel hf.', 'total 0.', 'days', 'shares', 'ISK', 'details', 'attachment', 'website', 'trade', 'accordance', '1 June', 'authorization', '16 March', 'transactions', 'company', 'equivalent', '1,636,954 own', '87,372 own', 'Buybacks', 'effect', '1 September', '2 June', '2 September', 'Council', 'Commission', 'measures', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'poultry', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,500 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', '705,704', '15', '428,776']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,streetinsider.com
6475,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220613005910/en/Overview-of-Recent-Financing-of-Unifiedpost-by-Francisco-Partners,Overview of Recent Financing of Unifiedpost by Francisco Partners,15 hours ago,LA HULPE  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group or the Company) wants to clarify the senior facilities agreement it has concluded on March 7  2022 with U.S. investment firm Francisco Partners. In this respect  the Company publishes a consolidated clear overview of the main characteristics of the aforementioned agreement in order to fully inform the market.Key information Lender Francisco Partners (FP) Committed amount € 100 million Duration 5 years Structure Term Loan facility: € 75 million Capex facility: € 25 million Drawn margin 3.0% cash interest and 8.0% PIK interest1 Equity participation 3.0% of fully diluted share capital. FP received this right for providing the € 100 million committed financing and will not pay for this instrument Structuring fee 2.50% over Term Loan facility and Capex/Acquisition facility (€2.50 million in total)  paid on closing date  i.e. 7th March 2022 Financial covenant Quarterly liquidity test Use of proceeds of Term Loan and Capex facility General corporate purposes  refinancing of existing indebtedness  capital expenditure (including capitalized R&D)  payments of deferred considerations and fund potential future transactions to additionally expand capabilities and geographical coverageWhy this financing?On 7 March 2022  Unifiedpost signed a €100 million five-year senior facilities agreement provided by Francisco Partners (the SFA). The SFA will allow Unifiedpost to do all necessary investments to be ready with a pan-European full service digital invoicing solution in time to ride the wave of digitization that will roll across Europe. In the coming 18 months in no less than 10 countries  all key Unifiedpost markets  B2B/ B2G e-invoicing will become mandatory. Unifiedpost’s target group – which consists of 25 million SMEs and as many self-employed people in the EU – will be obliged to send out their invoices in a digital manner.The proceeds will be used to refinance existing debt and further support Unifiedpost’s growth strategy in terms of R&D investments  working capital requirements  and the funding of potential future transactions to additionally expand capabilities and geographical coverage. Any potential acquisitions will be evaluated in function of strengthening the Company’s local market position in key countries. In doing so  Unifiedpost aims to offer all its shareholders and the financial markets guarantees for further strategic implementation and for the further valorisation of our organic growth potential.Lender: Francisco PartnersThe SFA is provided by Francisco Partners  a leading global investment firm that specializes in partnering with technology-enabled businesses.As part of the transaction  Francisco Partners obtained an equity fee commitment under a subscription agreement in the amount of €12.756 million in consideration for the commitment by FP to enter into the SFA. This fee was deducted on 10 March 2022 by way of set-off from the proceeds of the first drawdown under the SFA. Pursuant to the subscription agreement  FP subscribed to 3% of the share capital of Unifiedpost Group  representing € 12.756 million of the share capital by means of a contribution in cash in return for 1 082 862 new shares  at a subscription price equal to € 11.78 per share (being the 30 day weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels on the day prior to entering into the SFA).This capital increase in cash was completed on 18 March 2022. Following the issuance of these new shares  the share capital has increased from € 309 219 448.52 to € 321 975 562.88 and the total number of shares amounts to 34 546 431. Each of these shares gives one voting right at the general meeting of shareholders. This emphasises Francisco Partners’ long-term commitment to Unifiedpost’s business model and growth strategy.Hybrid character of the financingThe financing scheme draws its hybrid character from the fact that the financing transaction entails both an equity participation of 3% of the share capital of Unifiedpost by the lender  and the fact that the loan bears a 3% cash interest and 8% interest paid in kind.2Breakdown of the credit and equity financingThe funds received at Closing Date amount to €75 million (€62.3 million under the SFA and €12.7 million by means of a contribution in cash in return for shares). They will be (or are) used as follows:€30 million to cover R&D expenditures;€20 million for refinancing of existing indebtedness;€25 million as a buffer for potential risks inherent to the Company’s business.The remaining €25 million of the SFA remains undrawn without costs and remains available for future additional investments.DurationThe term is 5 years. After two years this can be redeemed without a prepayment penalty.StructureA Term Loan facility of € 75 million and a Capex facility of € 25 million entails a loan that must be used for capital expenditure.3 This Capex facility is available for 24 months from the closing date. There is no commitment fee applicable in case this facility is not drawn.Covenant detailsQuarterly liquidity test of a minimum of € 20 million  to be decreased to €12.50 million when certain revenue thresholds are triggered4.Why hybrid financing?Unifiedpost believes that in order to achieve its goal  a hybrid financing is the preferred solution. Traditional financing was available  but not tailored to the current growth phase and financing needs of Unifiedpost. Francisco Partners is a partner who understands the Company’s goal and guarantees a high degree of contractual flexibility and solid financial foundations until Unifiedpost’s cash flow reaches break-even  as expected in the second half of 2023. This is another reason why the Company has chosen to bring hybrid financing forward so it can bridge this period.Unifiedpost was assisted by Nielen Schuman as debt advisor and Linklaters LLP.Financial Calendar 2022 12 August 2022 Publication H1 2022 Business Update 16 September 2022 Publication H1 2022 Financial Results 10 November 2022 Publication Q3 2022 Business UpdateAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. Since its founding in 2001  Unifiedpost has grown significantly  expanding to offices in 32 countries  with more than 500 million documents processed in 2021  reaching over 1 600 000 SMEs and more than 2 500 Corporates across its platform today.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2021 turnover € 171 million1400+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG(*) Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made  but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentially from the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.1 Pay in kind: interest to accrue at the end of the interest period and to be added to the notional2 The Company may  in its sole discretion  elect to pay all or any part of any PIK interest rate in cash rather than accrue such amount at the end of the relevant interest period  i.e. a 3 or 6 months period to be selected by the Company. The amount accrued cannot be converted into shares.3 Capex facility entails a loan that can be used for capital expenditure (i.e. investment in physical assets).4 until the first date on which either LTM subscription revenue is € 25 000 000 (or more) or LTM recurring digital processing revenue is € 110 000 000Unifiedpost Group SA - https://www.unifiedpost.com/en/investor-relations,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Recent Financing', 'Francisco Partners', 'Overview', 'Unifiedpost', 'Financial covenant Quarterly liquidity test Use', 'pan-European full service digital invoicing solution', 'Capex facility General corporate purposes', 'Duration 5 years Structure Term Loan facility', '30 day weighted average closing price', '€100 million five-year senior facilities agreement', 'U.S. investment firm', 'leading global investment firm', 'Key information Lender Francisco Partners', '8.0% PIK interest1 Equity participation', 'A Term Loan facility', 'financial markets guarantees', 'million Capex facility', 'million Drawn margin', 'consolidated clear overview', 'capitalized R&D', 'B2B/ B2G e-invoicing', 'many self-employed people', 'R&D expenditures', 'R&D investments', 'working capital requirements', '100 million committed financing', 'local market position', 'one voting right', 'potential future transactions', 'organic growth potential', 'key Unifiedpost markets', 'equity fee commitment', 'digital manner', 'subscription price', 'general meeting', 'Capex/Acquisition facility', '25 million SMEs', 'two years', 'key countries', 'closing date', 'potential acquisitions', 'subscription agreement', 'potential risks', 'equity financing', 'necessary investments', 'growth strategy', 'additional investments', 'capital expenditure', 'capital increase', 'LA HULPE', 'main characteristics', 'Structuring fee', 'existing indebtedness', 'deferred considerations', 'geographical coverage', 'existing debt', 'strategic implementation', 'technology-enabled businesses', 'first drawdown', 'long-term commitment', 'Hybrid character', 'prepayment penalty', 'commitment fee', 'share capital', 'financing scheme', 'target group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business model', 'coming 18 months', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', '1,082,862 new shares', 'financing transaction', 'The SFA', '7th March', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'cash interest', '8% interest', '10 countries', '24 months', '7 March', '10 March', '18 March', 'Belgium', 'UPG', 'Company', 'respect', 'order', 'FP', 'amount', 'instrument', 'proceeds', 'refinancing', 'payments', 'capabilities', 'time', 'wave', 'digitization', 'less', 'invoices', 'terms', 'funding', 'function', 'shareholders', 'valorisation', 'way', 'set', 'off', 'means', 'contribution', 'return', 'issuance', 'fact', 'kind', 'Breakdown', 'credit', 'funds', 'buffer', 'costs', 'case']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,businesswire.com
6476,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/aker-offshore-wind-update-on-merger-with-aker-horizons-824877115.html,Aker Offshore Wind: Update on Merger with Aker Horizons,15 hours ago,"NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OF ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN.OSLO  Norway  June 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the previous stock exchange announcements by Aker Offshore Wind AS (""Aker Offshore Wind"" or ""AOW"") regarding the contemplated merger with Aker Horizons ASA (""Aker Horizons""). The merger will be carried out as a triangular merger whereby AOW will merge with Aker Horizons' wholly-owned subsidiary AH Tretten AS as the surviving entity and Aker Horizons will issue consideration shares.The creditor notice period for the merger will expire at midnight on Thursday 16 June 2022. Provided that no creditors have objected to the merger by such time  the merger is expected to be completed after close of trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange on Friday 17 June 2022 (the ""Effective Date"")  which accordingly will be the last day of trading in the AOW shares on Euronext Growth (Oslo).Eligible shareholders in AOW (other than Aker Horizons) will receive 0.1304 merger consideration shares in Aker Horizons for each share owned in AOW as of the expiry of the Effective Date  as such shareholder appear in the shareholder register with Euronext Securities Oslo (the ""VPS"") as at the expiry of two trading days thereafter (the ""Record Date"")  expected to be Tuesday 21 June 2022.The consideration shares are expected to be delivered to the eligible shareholders through VPS on or about Wednesday 22 June 2022. Fractions of shares will not be allotted  and the number of consideration shares delivered to each eligible AOW shareholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole number. Excess shares  which as a result of this round down will not be allotted  will be issued to and sold by DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA. The sales proceeds will be given to Aker Horizons  which will give the sales proceeds further to charity.AdvisorsPareto Securities AS is engaged as financial adviser to AOW and Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS is acting as legal counsel to AOW. Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS is acting as legal counsel to Aker Horizons.CONTACT:Investor contact:Tom Selwood  +44 (0)7743 502455  tom.selwood@akeroffshorewind.comMedia contact:Maria Lanza Knudsen  +47 484 42 426  maria.knudsen@akeroffshorewind.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/aker-offshore-wind-as/r/aker-offshore-wind--update-on-merger-with-aker-horizons c3584758The following files are available for download:https://news.cision.com/aker-offshore-wind-as/i/dock90-wfa-hookup- c3060441 DOCK90 WFA HookupSOURCE Aker Offshore Wind AS",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,negative,0.04,0.15,0.81,True,English,"['Aker Offshore Wind', 'Aker Horizons', 'Update', 'Merger', 'previous stock exchange announcements', 'SOURCE Aker Offshore Wind', 'c3060441 DOCK90 WFA Hookup', 'Aker Offshore Wind AS', 'AH Tretten AS', 'Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS', 'Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS', 'creditor notice period', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Pareto Securities AS', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'two trading days', 'Aker Horizons ASA', 'nearest whole number', 'Maria Lanza Knudsen', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', '0.1304 merger consideration shares', 'Euronext Growth', 'DNB Markets', 'surviving entity', 'Effective Date', 'last day', 'Record Date', 'Excess shares', 'sales proceeds', 'financial adviser', 'legal counsel', 'following files', 'Eligible shareholders', 'shareholder register', 'Investor contact', 'Media contact', 'Thursday 16 June', 'Friday 17 June', 'Wednesday 22 June', 'triangular merger', 'AOW shares', 'news.cision', 'Tom Selwood', 'AOW shareholder', 'AOW.', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PART', 'JURISDICTION', 'THE', 'OFFER', 'Norway', 'PRNewswire', 'Reference', 'subsidiary', 'midnight', 'creditors', 'time', 'close', 'expiry', 'VPS', 'Tuesday', 'Fractions', 'result', 'round', 'charity', 'Advisors', 'akeroffshorewind', 'information', 'offshore-wind', 'update', 'aker-horizons', 'download']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,prnewswire.co.uk
6477,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.investegate.co.uk/unibail-rodamco-westfield-se/gnw/unibail-rodamco-westfield-to-sell-almere-centrum-in-the-netherlands-for---8364-155-mn/20220614060000H8857/,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE: Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield to sell Almere Centrum in The Netherlands for €155 Mn,16 hours ago,Tuesday 14 June  2022Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield to sell Almere Centrum in The Netherlands for €155 MnParis  Amsterdam  June 14  2022Press releaseUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield to sell Almere Centrum in The Netherlands for €155 MnUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW) announces an agreement with a group of private investors led by the UMB Group for the sale of Almere Centrum in The Netherlands. The Net Disposal Price of €155 Mn is in line with the last appraisal value.Almere Centrum is an 87 000 sqm high-street retail asset located in the city centre of Almere.The transaction is expected to complete before the end of July  subject to standard closing conditions. Upon closing  URW will have completed €2.7 Bn of its planned €4 Bn European disposal programme.For further information  please contact :Investor RelationsMaarten Otte+33 7 63 86 88 78[email protected]Media RelationsNathalie Feld – Image 7+33 6 30 47 18 37[email protected]Cornelia Schnepf – FinElk+44 7387 108 998[email protected]About Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is a dynamic  global developer and operator of Flagship Destinations  with a portfolio valued at €54.5 Bn as at December 31  2021  of which 86% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention & exhibition venues and 2% in services. Currently  the Group owns and operates 84 shopping centres  including 53 Flagships in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States. Present on 2 continents and in 12 countries  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield provides a unique platform for retailers and brand events and offers an exceptional and constantly renewed experience for customers.With the support of its 2 800 professionals and an unparalleled track-record and know-how  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield is ideally positioned to generate superior value and develop world-class projects.Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield distinguishes itself by its Better Places 2030 agenda  that sets its ambition to create better places that respect the highest environmental standards and contribute to better cities.Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Euronext ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comVisit our Media Library at https://mediacentre.urw.comFollow the Group updates on Twitter @urw_group   Linkedin @Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and InstagramAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['Almere Centrum', 'The Netherlands', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'planned €4 Bn European disposal programme', 'The Net Disposal Price', '87,000 sqm high-street retail asset', 'highest environmental standards', 'Chess Depositary Interests', 'last appraisal value', 'dynamic, global developer', 'standard closing conditions', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares', 'Better Places 2030 agenda', 'superior value', 'Standard & Poor', 'The Netherlands', 'Press release', 'private investors', 'city centre', 'Investor Relations', 'Maarten Otte', 'Media Relations', 'Nathalie Feld', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Flagship Destinations', 'exhibition venues', '84 shopping centres', 'dynamic cities', 'United States', 'unique platform', 'brand events', 'unparalleled track-record', 'world-class projects', 'Euronext ticker', 'secondary listing', 'The Group', 'BBB+ rating', 'Baa2 rating', 'Media Library', 'Instagram Attachment', 'Almere Centrum', 'UMB Group', 'Group updates', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', '€2.7 Bn', 'Tuesday', 'June', 'URW', 'agreement', 'sale', 'line', 'transaction', 'July', 'information', 'Image', 'FinElk', 'operator', 'portfolio', 'December', 'offices', 'convention', 'services', '53 Flagships', '2 continents', '12 countries', 'retailers', 'exceptional', 'experience', 'customers', 'support', '2,800 professionals', 'know-how', 'ambition', 'Australia', 'Moody', 'mediacentre', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,investegate.co.uk
6478,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/news/businesswire/onward-announces-new-board-appointment/,ONWARD Announces New Board Appointment - DutchNews.nl,1 day ago,Market Access expert Kristina Dziekan appointed as Non-Executive DirectorEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland–(BUSINESS WIRE)–ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces the appointment of Kristina Dziekan to its Board of Directors.“Kristina strengthens our Board  bringing judgment and expertise needed for our next phase of growth ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “She has extensive experience in market access and reimbursement across global markets  and specific industry experience in neuromodulation. All of this will be important as we prepare to commercialize our breakthrough therapies in the US and Europe starting next year.”Ms. Dziekan is currently Head of Market Access  Government Affairs  and Tendering for Alcon’s Surgical Division in Europe. She previously served as Senior Global Reimbursement and Health Economics Director for Medtronic Neuromodulation and was also Health Outcomes Manager for GlaxoSmithKline in the UK and parts of Asia.She earned an MSc in Health Policy  Planning  and Financing from the London School of Economics  an MA in International Economics and European Studies from Johns Hopkins University  a BA in Philosophy  Politics  and Economics from Oxford University  and a Vordiplom in Business Administration and Economics from Georg August University.Ms. Dziekan was appointed to a four-year term during ONWARD’s Annual General Meeting  held 10 June 2022 in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.About ONWARDONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARCIM) or external (ARCEX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life. ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the FDA encompassing both ARCIM and ARCEX. The Company’s first FDA pivotal trial  called Up-LIFT  completed enrollment in December 2021 with 65 subjects worldwide. It recently completed first-in-human use of its ARCIM neurostimulator in May 2022.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a significant team in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the Company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.ContactsFor Media Enquiries:Andy Dolanmedia@onwd.com+1.508.649.8466For Investor Enquiries:investors@onwd.comFor Company Enquiries:info@onwd.com,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,negative,0.04,0.22,0.74,True,English,"['New Board Appointment', 'ONWARD', 'DutchNews', 'nl', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'growing U.S. presence', 'three Breakthrough Device Designations', 'first FDA pivotal trial', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'High Tech Campus', 'Johns Hopkins University', 'Georg August University', 'specific industry experience', 'Health Outcomes Manager', 'external (ARCEX) systems', 'Market Access expert', 'Senior Global Reimbursement', 'medical technology company', 'Health Economics Director', 'breakthrough therapies', 'Oxford University', 'Non-Executive Director', 'extensive experience', 'global markets', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'next phase', 'Dave Marver', 'Ms. Dziekan', 'Government Affairs', 'Surgical Division', 'Health Policy', 'London School', 'European Studies', 'Business Administration', 'four-year term', 'a decade', 'basic science', 'preclinical research', 'ARC Therapy', 'other functions', 'human use', 'significant team', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'Media Enquiries', 'Andy Dolan', 'Investor Enquiries', 'forward-looking statements', 'The Company', 'Company Enquiries', 'Kristina Dziekan', 'future accuracy', 'International Economics', 'Medtronic Neuromodulation', 'ARCIM neurostimulator', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'future events', 'ONWARD.', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'people', 'appointment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'judgment', 'expertise', 'growth', 'CEO', 'Head', 'Tendering', 'Alcon', 'GlaxoSmithKline', 'UK', 'parts', 'Asia', 'MSc', 'Planning', 'Financing', 'Philosophy', 'Politics', 'Vordiplom', 'Amsterdam', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'enrollment', 'December', '65 subjects', 'May', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', 'Contacts']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,dutchnews.nl
6479,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FINCANTIERI-S-P-A-16796084/news/FINCANTIERI-LAUNCH-OF-THE-SHARE-BUYBACK-PROGRAM-SERVING-THE-ldquo-PERFORMANCE-SHARE-PLAN-2019-2021-40722264/,FINCANTIERI: LAUNCH OF THE SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM SERVING THE “PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN 2019-2021”,3 hours ago,"FINCANTIERI: LAUNCH OF THE SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM SERVING THE""PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN 2019-2021""Trieste  June 14  2022 - FINCANTIERI S.p.A. (""Fincantieri"" or the ""Company"") announces that  implementing the authorization granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of May 16  2022  it will launch a share buyback program (""the Program"")  on June 15  2022. The Program serves the Company's ""Performance Share Plan 2019-2021""  and it will be implemented using the safe harbour pursuant to Article 5 of Regulation (EU) n. 596/2014 (the ""MAR"").Here below we outline the details of the Program  in compliance with Article 144-bis  paragraph 3  of the Consob Regulation n. 11971/1999 (the ""Issuers Regulation"") and Article 2  paragraph 1  of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (the ""MAR Delegated Regulation"").Purpose of the ProgramThe Program is carried out exclusively to serve the Company's management ""Performance Share Plan 2019-2021"" approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of May 11  2018.Maximum number of shares and maximum outflowThe Program will have a maximum number of share of 2 000 000  equivalent to approximately 0.12% of the Company's share capital.The purchases will be made for a total estimated disbursement of Euro 1 027 000  taking into consideration the closing price of Euro 0.5135  registered by Fincantieri shares in the trading session of Euronext Milan  organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  as of June 14  2022.DurationPurchases will run from June 15  2022 to June 24  2022.Minimum and maximum purchase price and number of purchased sharesPurchases will be carried out in accordance with the provisions of Article 3  paragraph 2 of the MAR Delegated Regulation. In particular  the purchase price of the shares shall not exceed the higher between the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent purchase bid on the Euronext Milan  organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A..In any case  the purchase price shall not diverge by more than 10% lower or higher than the reference price of Fincantieri's shares on the Euronext Milan in the trading day preceding each individual transaction.1",neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN', 'FINCANTIERI', 'LAUNCH', 'THE', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'highest current independent purchase bid', 'FINCANTIERI S.p.A.', 'management ""Performance Share Plan', 'last independent trade', 'maximum purchase price', 'SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'MAR Delegated Regulation', 'share capital', 'maximum outflow', 'Consob Regulation', 'Issuers Regulation', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'safe harbour', 'closing price', 'trading session', 'Euronext Milan', 'reference price', 'trading day', 'individual transaction', 'Maximum number', 'Fincantieri shares', 'LAUNCH', 'THE', 'Trieste', 'June', 'Company', 'authorization', 'May', 'Article', 'details', 'compliance', 'paragraph', 'Purpose', 'purchases', 'total', 'disbursement', 'consideration', 'Duration', 'Minimum', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'case']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,marketscreener.com
6480,EuroNext,Bing API,https://frontline.thehindu.com/dispatches/will-wheat-prices-remain-elevated/article65526934.ece,Will wheat prices remain elevated?,Global wheat prices have doubled recently  for which Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is partly yet not fully to blame.,Global wheat prices have doubled recently  for which Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is partly yet not fully to blame.Until the end of February  few would have described the wheat trade as an exciting business. Global market prices for the commodity had been hovering around €200 ($312) a ton for many years. But with the war in Ukraine  this has changed fundamentally. Russia’s invasion of its neighbor has caused the commodity to jump to €400 per ton — a doubling that has come as a shock  especially for poorer countries whose citizens spend a significant amount of their disposable incomes on food.Out of a total worldwide wheat harvest of 785 million tons annually  only about one quarter ends up sold as a commodity on the global market. Most of the wheat is consumed as part of people’s daily diet in the countries where it is produced. Quality and prices can differ widely depending on the growing region.Two global trading platformsAlthough it is usually a local product  the price for wheat is decided on specialized global trading platforms  so-called commodities exchanges. “There are two globally significant derivatives marketplaces for wheat in the world — the Chicago Board of Trade  CBOT  and Euronext in Paris ” said Wolfgang Sabel from Kaack Terminhandel  a Cloppenburg-based financial services provider for trading in agricultural commodities. “These exchanges are setting global benchmarks for prices under the regulatory authority of the state with the help of standardized rules and regulations. Only supply and demand determine the prices ” he told DW.Standardised measuring means that the amount and the quality of a commodity are strictly regulated. Wheat can be labeled  for example  as 50 tons of bread wheat grown in the EU  with a protein content of 11 per cent and maximum moisture of 15 per cent. Such standardization makes it possible to trade wheat all around the world. For producers  traders and refiners of wheat  the prices set at the exchanges generally serve as wholesale prices that guide price-setting for downstream wheat products  said Sabel. But global market-based and local wheat prices can also differ  he added.Insurance and speculationApart from stipulating global market prices  CBOT and Euronext also offer those involved in wheat trading the possibility of hedging their deals against the vagaries of market developments. As an example  Sabel mentioned the purchasing policy of a wheat mill that is negotiating a contract with a supermarket chain for a larger number of one-pound (500 gram) packages of wheat flour for delivery in September. “You cannot know what the wheat price will be in September. But what you can do is buy a futures contract for wheat on the exchange.”Futures contracts are contracts traded at CBOT and Euronext to insure against unexpected price swings in the future. In the case of the wheat mill  it can now buy wheat futures for delivery in September to secure the current market price for its calculation for the contract with the supermarket chain.Sabel also explained what will happen if the market price in September is actually higher than the €300 futures contract bought by the wheat mill. Should the price in September be  say  €400  the wheat mill initially pays the higher price to its supplier but at the same time receives a €100 payment from the issuer of the futures contract. In the end  the mill will have spent exactly the €300 per ton of wheat it based its calculation on. Futures contracts are available for purchases to be made up to two years into the future  Sabel added.A matter of calculationFarmers also resort to futures contracts to insulate against price swings for their produce  said Sabel. For example  if a farmer issues a €300 contract for his wheat and the market price unexpectedly rises to €400  he can sell the wheat for €400 but must pay the difference of €100 to the holder of his futures contract. The loss  however  turns into a profit in times of falling prices. Should the wheat price drop to €200 upon delivery  the holder of his €300 contract must pay him €100 into his financial account at the exchange.So  the basis for all this financial maneuvering is real existing wheat  but the price-setting via the derivatives marketplaces is working largely without quantities of wheat actually being shipped around in the real world. “The exchanges are merely balancing out the different accounts without interfering physically in the wheat trade ” said Sable.Sabel  who is a futures broker himself  manages contracts for producers  traders  and refiners of wheat  but said you don’t necessarily need a professional pedigree in any specific commodity trade to buy and sell at the exchanges. There are many speculators seeking to profit from the price swings  he added  as well as arbitrage traders who aim to exploit the small differences in prices between regions and marketplaces.Traders’ paradiseAt the moment  few experts would contest that the current surge in the wheat price to €400 is the result of the war between Russia and Ukraine. The two countries together produce about 60 million tons of the 200 million tons traded annually around the world. “The world cannot do without the harvests from Ukraine and Russia. Their amounts are simply too big ” said Sabel  noting that news from the frontline can influence prices as much as likely forecasts for the next grain harvest in the United States.Exorbitant wheat prices  however  are always bad news for the developing world  especially for countries in Africa. “In these countries  people spend between 60 and 80 per cent of their disposable income on food. If bread becomes double as expensive because wheat has surged from €200 to €400 per ton that has an impact ” he said.In Germany  bread prices have also risen substantially  and the German Farmers’ Association expects them to remain elevated due to the ongoing war in Ukraine. In addition  the COVID-19 health crisis has triggered a series of supply problems. “We are grappling with a severe shortage of fertilizers  and exorbitant prices for them ” the organization’s president  Joachim Rukwied  said recently. Also  disrupted supply chains have led to a scarcity of spare parts for agricultural machinery  which would make a swift increase in agricultural production “unrealistic ” he added. Commodities broker Wolfgang Sabel agrees  saying that at least until the end of next year “wheat will remain expensive.”,neutral,0.01,0.85,0.13,mixed,0.1,0.19,0.71,True,English,"['wheat prices', 'two globally significant derivatives marketplaces', 'Cloppenburg-based financial services provider', 'total worldwide wheat harvest', 'specialized global trading platforms', 'Two global trading platforms', 'one-pound (500 gram) packages', 'downstream wheat products', 'unexpected price swings', 'real existing wheat', 'Global market prices', 'current market price', 'Global wheat prices', 'specific commodity trade', 'local wheat prices', 'two years', 'significant amount', 'two countries', 'global benchmarks', 'global market-based', 'financial account', 'financial maneuvering', 'wheat trading', 'local product', 'current surge', 'market developments', 'exciting business', 'many years', 'disposable incomes', 'one quarter', 'daily diet', 'growing region', 'Chicago Board', 'Kaack Terminhandel', 'agricultural commodities', 'regulatory authority', 'standardized rules', 'Standardised measuring', 'protein content', '11 per cent', 'maximum moisture', '15 per cent', 'Such standardization', 'purchasing policy', 'supermarket chain', 'larger number', 'higher price', 'same time', 'different accounts', 'futures broker', 'professional pedigree', 'many speculators', 'small differences', 'real world', 'wholesale prices', 'wheat trade', 'bread wheat', 'wheat flour', 'wheat futures', 'poorer countries', 'wheat mill', 'Futures contracts', '785 million tons', '€300 futures contract', 'arbitrage traders', 'Traders’ paradise', 'commodities exchanges', 'Wolfgang Sabel', '50 tons', '€300 contract', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'end', 'February', 'war', 'neighbor', 'doubling', 'shock', 'citizens', 'food', 'part', 'people', 'Quality', 'CBOT', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'state', 'help', 'regulations', 'supply', 'demand', 'DW.', 'example', 'producers', 'refiners', 'price-setting', 'Insurance', 'speculation', 'possibility', 'deals', 'vagaries', 'delivery', 'September', 'case', 'calculation', 'supplier', '€100 payment', 'issuer', 'purchases', 'matter', 'Farmers', 'holder', 'loss', 'profit', 'times', 'falling', 'basis', 'quantities', 'regions', 'moment', 'experts', 'result']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,frontline.thehindu.com
6481,EuroNext,Bing API,https://multichannelmerchant.com/press-releases/majorel-selected-as-euronext-tech-leader/,Majorel selected as Euronext Tech Leader,Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (“Majorel”  the “Company”)  a leading global provider of next-generation end-to-end customer experience (CX) solutions for digital-native and vertical leading brands  today,Luxembourg  June 9  2022 — Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (“Majorel”  the “Company”)  a leading global provider of next-generation end-to-end customer experience (CX) solutions for digital-native and vertical leading brands  today announces that it has been selected as a Euronext Tech Leader.Euronext Tech Leaders is a new initiative dedicated to highlighting the visibility and attractiveness of high-growth and leading tech companies towards international investors. It comprises around 100 tech companies listed on one or several of the seven Euronext markets. The criteria for inclusion include: companies with a strong tech DNA; a minimum market capitalization of EUR 300 million; and a minimum level of growth over three years according to revenue levels and/or significant amounts raised.Majorel’s inclusion in Euronext Tech Leaders confirms the Company’s strong track record of technology innovation and focus on serving many of the world’s most respected digital-native brands across the world. Majorel has deep domain expertise in tech-augmented front-to-back-office CX  plus Digital Consumer Engagement  CX Consulting  and an innovative suite of proprietary Digital Solutions for industry verticals. In addition  the Company has developed Majorel Anywhere™  a high performance digital workplace solution that allows its more than 75 000 team members on five continents to work from literally anywhere – including their homes.About Majorel:We design  build and deliver next-generation end-to-end CX solutions for many of the world’s most respected digital native and vertical leading brands. Our comprehensive east-to-west global footprint in 31 countries across five continents  with more than 66 800 team members and 60 languages  allows us to deliver flexible solutions that leverage our expertise in cultural nuance  which we believe to be essential for true excellence in CX. We have deep domain expertise in tech-augmented front to-back-office CX. Additionally  we offer Digital Consumer Engagement  CX Consulting  and an innovative suite of Proprietary Digital Solutions for industry verticals. We are a global leader in Content Services  Trust and Safety. We believe the ‘Majorel difference’ to be our culture of entrepreneurship. www.majorel.com,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Tech Leader', 'Majorel', 'high performance digital workplace solution', 'Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'Digital Consumer Engagement', 'seven Euronext markets', 'strong track record', 'proprietary Digital Solutions', 'leading global provider', 'end customer experience', 'vertical leading brands', 'west global footprint', 'minimum market capitalization', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'strong tech DNA', 'deep domain expertise', 'leading tech companies', 'end CX solutions', 'digital native', 'global leader', 'flexible solutions', 'minimum level', 'CX) solutions', '100 tech companies', 'next-generation end', 'digital-native brands', 'new initiative', 'international investors', 'three years', 'revenue levels', 'significant amounts', 'technology innovation', 'innovative suite', 'industry verticals', '75,000 team members', 'five continents', '66,800 team members', 'cultural nuance', 'true excellence', 'Content Services', 'office CX', 'Majorel Anywhere™', 'Majorel difference', 'augmented front', 'CX Consulting', 'June', 'Company', 'visibility', 'attractiveness', 'high-growth', 'criteria', 'inclusion', 'world', 'addition', 'homes', 'comprehensive', '31 countries', '60 languages', 'Trust', 'Safety', 'culture', 'entrepreneurship']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,multichannelmerchant.com
6482,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/euronext-to-acquire-technology-business-powering-mts-from-nexi/,Euronext to acquire technology business powering MTS from Nexi,The acquisition will help strengthen MTS and Euronext Securities Milan’s core operations and enable further development and product innovation.,Euronext and Nexi have entered into an agreement for the acquisition of the former’s technology businesses which currently powers Euronext’s fixed-income trading platform MTS and Euronext Securities Milan.Euronext will acquire the businesses for €57 million  subject to closing conditions. The deal is expected to close in the second half of this year.The exchange said the transaction is a new step in its strategy to leverage its integrated value chain as it further enhances its technology competencies and capabilities in trading and post-trade. It will also strengthen MTS and Euronext Securities Milan’s core operations  while also internalising the core trading platform of MTS and its largest IT contract.Following the acquisition  Nexi will remain a technology services provider to Euronext under transitional arrangements and will provide other services under related commercial agreements.“This sale  consistent with our strategy following the mergers with SIA and Nets  will allow us to focus further on our core business  digital payments  accelerating our growth in Europe and focusing on the realisation of synergies ” said Renato Martini  digital banking and corporate solutions director at Nexi.The move by Euronext follows a strong first quarter for the exchange operator on the back of doubling trading venues and its acquisition of Borsa Italiana.Euronext’s trading revenue grew to €150.8 million  up 57% from the same period last year  resulting from strong activity across asset classes. Elsewhere  cash trading revenue grew €94.0 million up from €69.3 million last year.“The planned acquisition of the technology assets driving MTS and Euronext Securities Milan is a key milestone in the Borsa Italiana Group integration process ” said Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and chairman of the managing board at Euronext.“At Euronext  owning the intellectual property of our critical operations is at the centre of our strategy  to secure the robustness of our operations and to enable further development and product innovation. We look forward to welcoming the new teams to the Euronext Group.”,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['technology business powering', 'Euronext', 'MTS', 'Nexi', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration process', 'integrated value chain', 'largest IT contract', 'related commercial agreements', 'corporate solutions director', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'fixed-income trading platform', 'strong first quarter', 'doubling trading venues', 'cash trading revenue', 'core trading platform', 'technology services provider', 'Euronext Securities Milan', 'Euronext Group', 'other services', 'strong activity', 'core business', 'technology competencies', 'technology assets', 'closing conditions', 'second half', 'new step', 'core operations', 'transitional arrangements', 'digital payments', 'Renato Martini', 'digital banking', 'same period', 'asset classes', 'key milestone', 'managing board', 'intellectual property', 'product innovation', 'new teams', 'technology businesses', 'critical operations', 'exchange operator', 'Nexi', 'acquisition', 'former', 'MTS', 'deal', 'year', 'transaction', 'strategy', 'capabilities', 'post-trade', 'sale', 'mergers', 'SIA', 'Nets', 'growth', 'Europe', 'realisation', 'synergies', 'move', 'back', 'CEO', 'chairman', 'centre', 'robustness', 'development']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,thetradenews.com
6483,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.globalinvestorgroup.com/articles/3698767/euronext-to-acquire-technology-business-from-nexi,Euronext to acquire technology business from Nexi,The European exchange said the transaction is a new step in its strategy to leverage its integrated value chain as the group looks to enhance its technology competencie,The European exchange said the transaction is a new step in its strategy to leverage its integrated value chain as the group looks to enhance its technology competencieExisting Subscriber? If you are an existing subscriber please sign in to read this article in full. Sign In Sign up for a free trial Take a complimentary trial to Global Investor Group and gain access to a wealth of news  analysis and data across the Asset Management  Securities Finance  Custody  Fund Services and Derivatives markets from across the suite of Global Investor Products. Sign up for a free trial,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['technology business', 'Euronext', 'Nexi', 'The European exchange', 'integrated value chain', 'Global Investor Products', 'Global Investor Group', 'new step', 'technology competencie', 'Existing Subscriber', 'free trial', 'complimentary trial', 'Asset Management', 'Securities Finance', 'Fund Services', 'Derivatives markets', 'transaction', 'strategy', 'article', 'access', 'wealth', 'news', 'analysis', 'data', 'Custody', 'suite']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,globalinvestorgroup.com
6484,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/40443/nexi-sells-capital-markets-business-to-euronext-for-57-million,Nexi sells capital markets business to Euronext for €57 million,Euronext is to acquire the technology business supporting its fixed income platform  MTS  from Nexi for €57 million.,"Euronext is to acquire the technology business supporting its fixed income platform  MTS  from Nexi for €57 million.The disposal of Nexi's capital markets activities is in line with a strategic review to focus on its core payment processing business following the completion of mergers with Nets and SIA.According to Nexi  the business being sold generated recurring EBITDA of c.€5m per annum.For Euronext  the acquisition will enable the exchange to internalise its largest IT contract.Stéphane Boujnah  Euronext CEO and chairman of the Managing Board at Euronext says the deal represents a key milestone in the Borsa Italiana Group integration process.""At Euronext  owning the intellectual property of our critical operations is at the center of our strategy  to secure the robustness of our operations and to enable further development and product innovation ” he says.Upon completion  Nexi will retain other parts of the unit and continue to service Euronext in certain compliance  surveillance and post-trade functions.",neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,neutral,0.06,0.84,0.1,True,English,"['capital markets business', 'Nexi', 'Euronext', 'Borsa Italiana Group integration process', 'core payment processing business', 'fixed income platform', 'capital markets activities', 'largest IT contract', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'technology business', 'strategic review', 'recurring EBITDA', 'Managing Board', 'key milestone', 'intellectual property', 'product innovation', 'other parts', 'compliance, surveillance', 'post-trade functions', 'Euronext CEO', 'MTS', 'Nexi', 'disposal', 'line', 'completion', 'mergers', 'Nets', 'SIA', 'annum', 'acquisition', 'exchange', 'chairman', 'deal', 'operations', 'center', 'strategy', 'robustness', 'development', 'unit']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,finextra.com
6485,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,.@euronext will acquire the @nexigroup #tech businesses currently powering Euronext’s fixed-income trading platform… https://t.co/jzE2xhNdqV,nan,.@euronext will acquire the @nexigroup #tech businesses currently powering Euronext’s fixed-income trading platform… https://t.co/jzE2xhNdqV,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['fixed-income trading platform', 'euronext', 'jzE2xhNdqV', 'fixed-income trading platform', 'euronext', 'jzE2xhNdqV']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6486,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Acquires Technology Powering MTS for €57m 🤖🤖🤖 #roboadvisor #wealthtech   https://t.co/UDNc0PJBDN,nan,Euronext Acquires Technology Powering MTS for €57m 🤖🤖🤖 #roboadvisor #wealthtech   https://t.co/UDNc0PJBDN,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Technology Powering MTS', 'Euronext', 'wealthtech', 'UDNc0PJBDN', 'Technology Powering MTS', 'Euronext', 'wealthtech', 'UDNc0PJBDN']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6487,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,MarketsWiki Page of the Day: Euronext has agreed to acquire Nexi  the technology business supporting its fixed inco… https://t.co/sylR7L2vRY,nan,MarketsWiki Page of the Day: Euronext has agreed to acquire Nexi  the technology business supporting its fixed inco… https://t.co/sylR7L2vRY,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['MarketsWiki Page', 'technology business', 'Day', 'Euronext', 'Nexi', 'sylR7L2vRY', 'MarketsWiki Page', 'technology business', 'Day', 'Euronext', 'Nexi', 'sylR7L2vRY']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6488,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,In 2020 a total of 49 stocks were listed on the Euronext Growth (Oslo). The 10 companies that raised the most capit… https://t.co/GOSbucGVma,nan,In 2020 a total of 49 stocks were listed on the Euronext Growth (Oslo). The 10 companies that raised the most capit… https://t.co/GOSbucGVma,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Growth', 'total', '49 stocks', 'Oslo', '10 companies', 'capit', 'GOSbucGVma', 'Euronext Growth', 'total', '49 stocks', 'Oslo', '10 companies', 'capit', 'GOSbucGVma']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6489,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,https://t.co/zSjlpoEdXD Nexi sells capital markets business to Euronext for €57million #cybersecurity,nan,https://t.co/zSjlpoEdXD Nexi sells capital markets business to Euronext for €57million #cybersecurity,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['capital markets business', 'zSjlpoEdXD Nexi', 'Euronext', 'cybersecurity', 'capital markets business', 'zSjlpoEdXD Nexi', 'Euronext', 'cybersecurity']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6490,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext set to snap up MTS for €57mRead the full story here: https://t.co/hxgVScEPKj#fintech #banking https://t.co/KfasBYwR4m,nan,Euronext set to snap up MTS for €57mRead the full story here: https://t.co/hxgVScEPKj#fintech #banking https://t.co/KfasBYwR4m,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['full story', 'Euronext', 'MTS', 'hxgVScEPKj', 'fintech', 'banking', 'KfasBYwR4m', 'full story', 'Euronext', 'MTS', 'hxgVScEPKj', 'fintech', 'banking', 'KfasBYwR4m']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6491,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,.@nexigroup sells capital markets tech business to @euronext for €57mEuronext has agreed on the cash price of app… https://t.co/Z2r42JPQUz,nan,.@nexigroup sells capital markets tech business to @euronext for €57mEuronext has agreed on the cash price of app… https://t.co/Z2r42JPQUz,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['capital markets', 'tech business', 'cash price', 'nexigroup', 'Euronext', 'app', 'Z2r42JPQUz', 'capital markets', 'tech business', 'cash price', 'nexigroup', 'Euronext', 'app', 'Z2r42JPQUz']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6492,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext acquires Nexi technology businesses https://t.co/RCDkRwAP56,nan,Euronext acquires Nexi technology businesses https://t.co/RCDkRwAP56,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Nexi technology businesses', 'Euronext', 'RCDkRwAP56', 'Nexi technology businesses', 'Euronext', 'RCDkRwAP56']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6493,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,🔔 We rang the bell yesterday!#euronext #StockMarket #bourse #IPO https://t.co/nMY6vhF6TE,nan,🔔 We rang the bell yesterday!#euronext #StockMarket #bourse #IPO https://t.co/nMY6vhF6TE,positive,0.59,0.34,0.07,positive,0.59,0.34,0.07,True,English,"['bell', 'euronext', 'StockMarket', 'bourse', 'IPO', 'nMY6vhF6TE', 'bell', 'euronext', 'StockMarket', 'bourse', 'IPO', 'nMY6vhF6TE']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6494,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Rapeseed #price on the Euronext exchange dropped by EUR 16.5 to EUR 780.25/mt under the impact of the following fa… https://t.co/kf70uoPbqR,nan,#Rapeseed #price on the Euronext exchange dropped by EUR 16.5 to EUR 780.25/mt under the impact of the following fa… https://t.co/kf70uoPbqR,negative,0.01,0.35,0.63,negative,0.01,0.35,0.63,True,English,"['Euronext exchange', 'following fa', 'price', 'impact', 'kf70uoPbqR', 'Euronext exchange', 'following fa', 'price', 'impact', 'kf70uoPbqR']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6495,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@suerf_org @ecb @isabelsabine @dr_gnan @B_Eichengreen Outrageous scam at euronext. Idiots who can only steal money… https://t.co/jcQ5lvVVe8,nan,@suerf_org @ecb @isabelsabine @dr_gnan @B_Eichengreen Outrageous scam at euronext. Idiots who can only steal money… https://t.co/jcQ5lvVVe8,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['suerf_org', 'ecb', 'isabelsabine', 'euronext', 'Idiots', 'money', 'jcQ5lvVVe8', 'suerf_org', 'ecb', 'isabelsabine', 'euronext', 'Idiots', 'money', 'jcQ5lvVVe8']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6496,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@suerf_org @ecb @isabelsabine @dr_gnan @B_Eichengreen And Euronext are the criminals of the EU.,nan,@suerf_org @ecb @isabelsabine @dr_gnan @B_Eichengreen And Euronext are the criminals of the EU.,negative,0.01,0.04,0.95,negative,0.01,0.04,0.95,True,English,"['suerf_org', 'ecb', 'isabelsabine', 'B_Eichengreen', 'Euronext', 'criminals', 'suerf_org', 'ecb', 'isabelsabine', 'B_Eichengreen', 'Euronext', 'criminals']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
6497,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext set to snap up MTS for €57mRead the full story here: https://t.co/hxgVScEPKj#fintech #banking https://t.co/wOipHKk0Ci,nan,Euronext set to snap up MTS for €57mRead the full story here: https://t.co/hxgVScEPKj#fintech #banking https://t.co/wOipHKk0Ci,neutral,0.06,0.89,0.06,neutral,0.06,0.89,0.06,True,English,"['full story', 'Euronext', 'MTS', 'hxgVScEPKj', 'fintech', 'banking', 'wOipHKk0Ci', 'full story', 'Euronext', 'MTS', 'hxgVScEPKj', 'fintech', 'banking', 'wOipHKk0Ci']",2022-06-14,2022-06-14,Unknown
