UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57317,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/swi-group-accelerates-transition-into-digital-infrastructure-302859275.html,SWI Group accelerates transition into Digital Infrastructure,"SINGAPORE and AMSTERDAM  Aug. 25  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- SWI Capital Holding Ltd (Euronext Amsterdam: SWICH  (""SWI Group"") the listed investment group  today confirms the strategic shift that has reshaped its business strategy over the past year: over 80% of th…","SINGAPORE and AMSTERDAM  Aug. 25  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- SWI Capital Holding Ltd (Euronext Amsterdam: SWICH  (""SWI Group"") the listed investment group  today confirms the strategic shift that has reshaped its business strategy over the past year: over 80% of the Group's capital is now allocated to a transatlantic digital-infrastructure platform exceeding 4 GW  with ambitions to increase share to 90%.SWI Group confirms the completion of its pre-announced acquisition of a controlling stake of over 70% in Genesis Digital Assets (GDA)  to be renamed SWI DigitalDigital infrastructure now accounts for more than 80% of SWI Group's capital allocation with the intention to increase this to above 90% over timeSWI Group to develop its own HPC and GPU-as-a-service platform – Polarise partnership transforming into financial collaborationSWI Group expects to deliver double-digit growth in 2026Under the leadership of co-founders Max-Hervé George and Jaume Sabater  SWI Group became a listed investment group that deploys its own balance sheet across high-growth private market opportunities  alongside its established asset management activities. The Group is accelerating the growth of its own capital investment activity with most of the focus on data centers and AI infrastructure and expects to deliver double-digit balance sheet growth in 2026.SWI DIGITALWith the assistance of Morgan Stanley & Co LLC  acting as exclusive financial advisor for the acquisition  SWI Group has secured  through acquisitions and restructuring  a controlling stake of over 70% in GDA  which will be renamed SWI Digital and will be the Group's US focused digital infrastructure platform.DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE DRIVING VALUE CREATIONSWI Group has strategically focused its capital allocation on digital infrastructure  investing consistently in the sector over the past five years to build a European and US portfolio with a combined power capacity in excess of 4 GW. As of today  more than 80% of SWI Group's capital is allocated to digital infrastructure  with the intention to increase this to above 90% over time. SWI Group's digital infrastructure investments are anchored by two platforms:AiOnX – SWI's European AI-infrastructure platform  developing a portfolio of hyperscale  AI-ready data-center campuses across Ireland  the United Kingdom  Denmark  Spain and Italy  with one site already secured by a leading hyperscale tenant.SWI's European AI-infrastructure platform  developing a portfolio of hyperscale  AI-ready data-center campuses across Ireland  the United Kingdom  Denmark  Spain and Italy  with one site already secured by a leading hyperscale tenant. SWI Digital (GDA) – SWI's US-focused digital-infrastructure group with an energised and grid-connected land bank  providing SWI with a scaled foothold in the world's largest and fastest-growing market for AI and high-performance-computing capacity.FROM LAND AND POWER TO COMPUTE: HPC AND GPU-AS-A-SERVICEBeyond the ownership of land  power and data-center capacity  SWI Group is moving up the value chain into AI compute. The Group will leverage on its own highly experienced team and balance sheet depth to develop in-house its proprietary AI-cloud platform designed to deliver GPU-accelerated compute to enterprises  research institutions and AI developers.Combining AiOnX's and GDA's energised sites with the Group's HPC layer gives SWI a vertically integrated digital-infrastructure stack  allowing the Group to capture value at each layer of the AI-infrastructure chain.POLARISE TRANSACTIONIn relation to the partnership with Polarise announced earlier this year  both parties mutually agreed not to pursue the originally proposed completion of this transaction.Rather than purchasing a majority ownership in Polarise  SWI Group will provide financing to accelerate Polarise's strategic expansion; the two entities will remain separated and grow in their own distinct ways.STRATEGIC INITIATIVES BEYOND DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTUREBeyond digital infrastructure  SWI Group continues to host a diversified set of investments with distinct return drivers. These include:European industrial and logistics real estate through investment grade  Singapore Stock Exchange-listed SERT US multifamily residential through Varia US  listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange an emerging conviction in culture  sport and entertainment  sectors where SWI Group identifies attractive investment opportunities ahead of institutional consensus;an opportunistic  asset-class-agnostic strategy  investing in opportunities the Group identifies across a range of markets  including distressed situations and financial assets.Max-Hervé George  co-founder and CEO of SWI Group declared: ""Our transformation into a listed investment group gave us the balance-sheet firepower and the agility to back the trends we believe will define the next decade. Digital infrastructure sits at the heart of that conviction  and the creation of SWI Digital is a defining step for the Group.""Jaume Sabater  co-founder of SWI Group and Chief Executive Officer of Stoneweg  added: ""Listing on Euronext Amsterdam has allowed us to focus on investing our own balance sheet with discipline and conviction. It positions the Group to capture value at pace and at scale. Completing our controlling stake in GDA is the clearest demonstration of this strategy to date.""This press release contains inside information within the meaning contemplated by the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014.ABOUT SWI GROUPSWI Group (SWI Capital Holding Ltd) is a global investment group specializing in private markets  listed on Euronext Amsterdam under ticker SWICH. Formed through the merger of Icona and Stoneweg  the Group deploys its own capital across digital infrastructure  real estate and other private-market opportunities  combining an entrepreneurial approach with institutional discipline. For more information  visit www.swi.com.Web: www.swi.comForward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including statements regarding SWI Group's strategy  portfolio allocation  the planned rebranding of GDA as SWI Digital. Such statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied. In particular  there can be no assurance that any transaction  restructuring or listing referred to herein will be completed on the terms described  or at all  or within the timeframe indicated. SWI Group undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law. This release is for information purposes only and does not constitute or form part of an offer or solicitation to purchase  subscribe for or sell any securities.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['SWI Group', 'Digital Infrastructure', 'transition', 'STRATEGIC INITIATIVES BEYOND DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE', 'US focused digital infrastructure platform', 'DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE DRIVING VALUE CREATION', 'hyperscale, AI-ready data-center campuses', 'high-growth private market opportunities', 'SWI Capital Holding Ltd', 'double-digit balance sheet growth', 'leading hyperscale tenant', 'proprietary AI-cloud platform', 'asset management activities', 'balance sheet depth', 'logistics real estate', 'US multifamily residential', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'transatlantic digital-infrastructure platform', 'past five years', 'distinct return drivers', 'opportunistic, asset-class-agnostic strategy', 'Genesis Digital Assets', 'exclusive financial advisor', 'attractive investment opportunities', 'European AI-infrastructure platform', 'Singapore Stock Exchange-listed', 'digital infrastructure investments', 'capital investment activity', 'grid-connected land bank', 'listed investment group', 'US-focused digital-infrastructure group', 'combined power capacity', 'data-center capacity', 'double-digit growth', 'strategic shift', 'fastest-growing market', 'strategic expansion', 'Varia US', 'financial assets', 'AI infrastructure', 'SWI DIGITAL', 'service platform', 'value chain', 'digital-infrastructure stack', 'AI-infrastructure chain', 'investment grade', 'business strategy', 'past year', 'distinct ways', 'financial collaboration', 'high-performance-computing capacity', 'US portfolio', 'European industrial', 'capital allocation', 'controlling stake', 'Max-Hervé George', 'Jaume Sabater', 'data centers', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Co LLC', 'two platforms', 'United Kingdom', 'one site', 'experienced team', 'research institutions', 'two entities', 'diversified set', 'institutional consensus', 'distressed situations', 'balance-sheet firepower', 'next decade', 'defining step', 'The Group', 'SWI Group', 'AI developers', 'GPU-accelerated compute', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'energised sites', 'majority ownership', 'emerging conviction', 'AI compute', 'HPC layer', 'POLARISE TRANSACTION', 'PRNewswire', 'SWICH', '4 GW', 'ambitions', 'share', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'GDA', 'intention', 'time', 'partnership', 'leadership', 'founders', 'assistance', 'restructuring', 'sector', 'excess', 'today', 'AiOnX', 'Ireland', 'Denmark', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'foothold', 'world', 'largest', 'enterprises', 'relation', 'parties', 'financing', 'SERT', 'culture', 'sport', 'entertainment', 'range', 'markets', 'CEO', 'transformation', 'agility', 'trends', 'heart', '2026']",2026-08-25,2026-08-26,prnewswire.com
57318,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/swi-group-accelerates-transition-into-digital-infrastructure-302859265.html,SWI Group accelerates transition into Digital Infrastructure,"SINGAPORE and AMSTERDAM  Aug. 25  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- SWI Capital Holding Ltd (Euronext Amsterdam: SWICH  (""SWI Group"") the listed investment group  today confirms the strategic shift that has reshaped its business strategy over the past year: over 80% of th…","SINGAPORE and AMSTERDAM  Aug. 25  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- SWI Capital Holding Ltd (Euronext Amsterdam: SWICH  (""SWI Group"") the listed investment group  today confirms the strategic shift that has reshaped its business strategy over the past year: over 80% of the Group's capital is now allocated to a transatlantic digital-infrastructure platform exceeding 4 GW  with ambitions to increase share to 90%.SWI Group confirms the completion of its pre-announced acquisition of a controlling stake of over 70% in Genesis Digital Assets (GDA)  to be renamed SWI DigitalDigital infrastructure now accounts for more than 80% of SWI Group's capital allocation with the intention to increase this to above 90% over timeSWI Group to develop its own HPC and GPU-as-a-service platform – Polarise partnership transforming into financial collaborationSWI Group expects to deliver double-digit growth in 2026Under the leadership of co-founders Max-Hervé George and Jaume Sabater  SWI Group became a listed investment group that deploys its own balance sheet across high-growth private market opportunities  alongside its established asset management activities. The Group is accelerating the growth of its own capital investment activity with most of the focus on data centers and AI infrastructure and expects to deliver double-digit balance sheet growth in 2026.SWI DIGITALWith the assistance of Morgan Stanley & Co LLC  acting as exclusive financial advisor for the acquisition  SWI Group has secured  through acquisitions and restructuring  a controlling stake of over 70% in GDA  which will be renamed SWI Digital and will be the Group's US focused digital infrastructure platform.DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE DRIVING VALUE CREATIONSWI Group has strategically focused its capital allocation on digital infrastructure  investing consistently in the sector over the past five years to build a European and US portfolio with a combined power capacity in excess of 4 GW. As of today  more than 80% of SWI Group's capital is allocated to digital infrastructure  with the intention to increase this to above 90% over time. SWI Group's digital infrastructure investments are anchored by two platforms:AiOnX – SWI's European AI-infrastructure platform  developing a portfolio of hyperscale  AI-ready data-center campuses across Ireland  the United Kingdom  Denmark  Spain and Italy  with one site already secured by a leading hyperscale tenant.SWI's European AI-infrastructure platform  developing a portfolio of hyperscale  AI-ready data-center campuses across Ireland  the United Kingdom  Denmark  Spain and Italy  with one site already secured by a leading hyperscale tenant. SWI Digital (GDA) – SWI's US-focused digital-infrastructure group with an energised and grid-connected land bank  providing SWI with a scaled foothold in the world's largest and fastest-growing market for AI and high-performance-computing capacity.FROM LAND AND POWER TO COMPUTE: HPC AND GPU-AS-A-SERVICEBeyond the ownership of land  power and data-center capacity  SWI Group is moving up the value chain into AI compute. The Group will leverage on its own highly experienced team and balance sheet depth to develop in-house its proprietary AI-cloud platform designed to deliver GPU-accelerated compute to enterprises  research institutions and AI developers.Combining AiOnX's and GDA's energised sites with the Group's HPC layer gives SWI a vertically integrated digital-infrastructure stack  allowing the Group to capture value at each layer of the AI-infrastructure chain.POLARISE TRANSACTIONIn relation to the partnership with Polarise announced earlier this year  both parties mutually agreed not to pursue the originally proposed completion of this transaction.Rather than purchasing a majority ownership in Polarise  SWI Group will provide financing to accelerate Polarise's strategic expansion; the two entities will remain separated and grow in their own distinct ways.STRATEGIC INITIATIVES BEYOND DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTUREBeyond digital infrastructure  SWI Group continues to host a diversified set of investments with distinct return drivers. These include:European industrial and logistics real estate through investment grade  Singapore Stock Exchange-listed SERT US multifamily residential through Varia US  listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange an emerging conviction in culture  sport and entertainment  sectors where SWI Group identifies attractive investment opportunities ahead of institutional consensus;an opportunistic  asset-class-agnostic strategy  investing in opportunities the Group identifies across a range of markets  including distressed situations and financial assets.Max-Hervé George  co-founder and CEO of SWI Group declared: ""Our transformation into a listed investment group gave us the balance-sheet firepower and the agility to back the trends we believe will define the next decade. Digital infrastructure sits at the heart of that conviction  and the creation of SWI Digital is a defining step for the Group.""Jaume Sabater  co-founder of SWI Group and Chief Executive Officer of Stoneweg  added: ""Listing on Euronext Amsterdam has allowed us to focus on investing our own balance sheet with discipline and conviction. It positions the Group to capture value at pace and at scale. Completing our controlling stake in GDA is the clearest demonstration of this strategy to date.""This press release contains inside information within the meaning contemplated by the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014.ABOUT SWI GROUPSWI Group (SWI Capital Holding Ltd) is a global investment group specializing in private markets  listed on Euronext Amsterdam under ticker SWICH. Formed through the merger of Icona and Stoneweg  the Group deploys its own capital across digital infrastructure  real estate and other private-market opportunities  combining an entrepreneurial approach with institutional discipline. For more information  visit www.swi.com.Web: www.swi.comForward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including statements regarding SWI Group's strategy  portfolio allocation  the planned rebranding of GDA as SWI Digital. Such statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied. In particular  there can be no assurance that any transaction  restructuring or listing referred to herein will be completed on the terms described  or at all  or within the timeframe indicated. SWI Group undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law. This release is for information purposes only and does not constitute or form part of an offer or solicitation to purchase  subscribe for or sell any securities.SOURCE SWI Group",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['SWI Group', 'Digital Infrastructure', 'transition', 'STRATEGIC INITIATIVES BEYOND DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE', 'US focused digital infrastructure platform', 'DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE DRIVING VALUE CREATION', 'hyperscale, AI-ready data-center campuses', 'high-growth private market opportunities', 'SWI Capital Holding Ltd', 'double-digit balance sheet growth', 'leading hyperscale tenant', 'proprietary AI-cloud platform', 'asset management activities', 'balance sheet depth', 'logistics real estate', 'US multifamily residential', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'transatlantic digital-infrastructure platform', 'past five years', 'distinct return drivers', 'opportunistic, asset-class-agnostic strategy', 'Genesis Digital Assets', 'exclusive financial advisor', 'attractive investment opportunities', 'European AI-infrastructure platform', 'Singapore Stock Exchange-listed', 'digital infrastructure investments', 'capital investment activity', 'grid-connected land bank', 'listed investment group', 'US-focused digital-infrastructure group', 'combined power capacity', 'data-center capacity', 'double-digit growth', 'strategic shift', 'fastest-growing market', 'strategic expansion', 'Varia US', 'financial assets', 'AI infrastructure', 'SWI DIGITAL', 'service platform', 'value chain', 'digital-infrastructure stack', 'AI-infrastructure chain', 'investment grade', 'business strategy', 'past year', 'distinct ways', 'financial collaboration', 'high-performance-computing capacity', 'US portfolio', 'European industrial', 'capital allocation', 'controlling stake', 'Max-Hervé George', 'Jaume Sabater', 'data centers', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Co LLC', 'two platforms', 'United Kingdom', 'one site', 'experienced team', 'research institutions', 'two entities', 'diversified set', 'institutional consensus', 'distressed situations', 'balance-sheet firepower', 'next decade', 'defining step', 'The Group', 'SWI Group', 'AI developers', 'GPU-accelerated compute', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'energised sites', 'majority ownership', 'emerging conviction', 'AI compute', 'HPC layer', 'POLARISE TRANSACTION', 'PRNewswire', 'SWICH', '4 GW', 'ambitions', 'share', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'GDA', 'intention', 'time', 'partnership', 'leadership', 'founders', 'assistance', 'restructuring', 'sector', 'excess', 'today', 'AiOnX', 'Ireland', 'Denmark', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'foothold', 'world', 'largest', 'enterprises', 'relation', 'parties', 'financing', 'SERT', 'culture', 'sport', 'entertainment', 'range', 'markets', 'CEO', 'transformation', 'agility', 'trends', 'heart', '2026']",2026-08-25,2026-08-26,prnewswire.com
57319,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/08/25/what-k-m-tsipras-say-about-the-elections-the-phantom-investor-and-the-creme-de-la-creme-bonuses-at-astieras-shipowners-selling-tankers/,What K.M. & Tsipras say about the elections  the phantom investor and the crème de la crème  bonuses at Astieras & shipowners selling tankers,Dynacom bets on the turmoil & Tesla’s big show on September 3The post What K.M. & Tsipras say about the elections  the phantom investor and the crème de la crème  bonuses at Astieras & shipowners selling tankers appeared first on ProtoThema English.,Newsroom August 25 10:12Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello. Faithful readers have been asking me about numbers  polls  etc.  perhaps because we always keep a close eye on them from this column. Patience  friends  we are still in a summer mood and half of Athens is empty. What always happens is that  at least from the standpoint of the prime minister’s office  they commission one poll before the Thessaloniki International Fair (TIF)  just to see where they stand after the summer  and another after the announcements  to measure what they gained. What I can tell you is what I am learning they believe at the Maximos Mansion about how they themselves will do in the elections  but also what they are saying in Tsipras’s camp. So  I am told that the election team that is taking stock and preparing for the spring ballot says: “Today we have 30%  solidly.” Mitsotakis  I am also told  believes that he currently has 31%-32% and argues that “we’ll get more during the pre-election period  because we know how to run elections.”And Alexis?Don’t think that Tsipras believes anything very far removed from what he thinks New Democracy will get—or where it currently stands. Alexis therefore says that all this talk of Mitsotakis getting 24% or 25% is nonsense  because quite simply the numbers don’t add up. He puts New Democracy at 28% on the first Sunday  and in fact believes that  one way or another  it is more likely to form a government with someone. Not that this wouldn’t actually suit him  especially if New Democracy’s coalition partner is PASOK; on the contrary  it would suit Tsipras just fine. As for themselves  in ELAS  they estimate that they are above 18% and dream of 20%. Fine  they have every right to believe whatever they want. They put PASOK somewhere between 10% and 12% and believe that if the numbers come out something like 28%-30% for New Democracy  18%-20% for ELAS  and 10%-12% for PASOK  Nikos A. will… wave goodbye to his chair after the first Sunday. Of course  these are their own forecasts and estimates  and all of this is taking place in the summer doldrums  seven or eight months before the election. A long road ahead.Don’t expect big deals until the elections…Since we’ve started talking about forecasts (early  early)  let me tell you that from now on and until we see what emerges from the ballot boxes  we will not be seeing any big and impressive deals. That is what everyone who has “put deals together ” or is generally in a position to know about business agreements in the pipeline  is saying  pointing out that as Greece enters the final stretch toward the elections  it has simultaneously entered a zone of political risk. “Let’s first see whether Mitsotakis will form a government and what that government will look like  and then we’ll talk again ” is their motto  and it seems logical to me.Reunion for the Recovery FundNow to current affairs. The summer holidays may have intervened  and quite a few members of the cabinet may have been rather tanned  but Mitsotakis made no comment on their appearances during yesterday’s first meeting and  as soon as the cameras were switched off following his introductory remarks  he moved straight on to a presentation of what has been done and what remains to be done by August 31. Still  as a gesture of recognition  he also organized a sort of reunion  inviting those who had managed the Fund from its inception to participate in the meeting by videoconference. Taking part via videoconference were Theodoros Skylakakis  Alexis Patelis and Dimitris Skalkos  while Michalis Argyrou  who is now director of the prime minister’s economic office  was at the Maximos Mansion.One minister in every prefectureBecause the government is moving to the rhythms of TIF  ND secretary Kyranakis is finalizing even today the composition of the teams that will tour all the prefectures of Macedonia next week. From Monday through Friday  every day there will be a minister or deputy minister in each prefecture of Eastern  Central and Western Macedonia  while the blue teams will bring good news concerning each respective prefecture; in other words  they will not simply be recording problems.Price reductions and the asterisksAt the beginning of next week  the list of measures for price reductions  by at least 5%  will be announced in detail. There will be quite a few product codes included in the initiative  as Theodorikakos explained during the cabinet meeting  enough to cover at least two months  while this framework of a gentlemen’s agreement will certainly remain in place through the end of the year  perhaps with updated product codes. I am told  however  that two sources of risk for the coming winter were highlighted during the cabinet meeting: the prospect of prolonged turmoil in the fuel market  which is pushing prices upward  and the reduction in Ukraine’s grain-export capacity  which is also having a negative effect.The remedy for non-state universitiesBehind the scenes at the cabinet meeting  I learn that Education Minister Sofia Zacharaki informed ministers that the problematic points highlighted by the Council of State’s ruling on licenses for non-state universities will be remedied in the coming days  so that there will be no issue with their operation. I am told that Keele and York will be re-licensed in the coming days  while the issue concerning Anatolia will be resolved during the first week of September. Overall  throughout September and October  the procedures for re-licensing both existing and newly established non-state universities will move forward—a task on which the ministry’s legal service was working in the middle of August.Pierrakakis–Papastergiou lunchAfter the cabinet meeting  Pierr and Papastergiou left the Maximos Mansion together  heading to the Athenee restaurant  which has become the Finance Minister’s regular haunt. Over a working lunch  the two senior ministers discussed  among other things  the TIF measures  since the package includes significant energy interventions made possible by the activation of the escape clause.The “investor”…A little old  but interesting: His name is Seth Bernstein  and he appeared in Athens in the spring with “impressive credentials” as a major investor and friend of Trump. Doors were opened wide for him and he met the crème de la crème of the country’s business community  as well as two ministers. He proposed putting money into PPC’s capital increase  lending money to an interested party for ELPE and AKTOR  and so on and so forth… Naturally  just as often as they saw him again  so did we…Piraeus Bank to securitize step-up loansIn addition to Eurobank  which has already moved in this direction  Piraeus Bank will also put up for sale  through securitization  step-up loans that ultimately will not return to the bank’s portfolio in the form of amortizing loans. At Piraeus Bank  they will wait until the end of the year  when the deadline set by the supervisor expires  so that they have a complete picture  and with the new year the sale process will begin  although preparations for it will get underway earlier. The picture being conveyed by the banks is that the target of converting 70% of step-up loans into amortizing loans is not a simple undertaking  which is why the offers banks are making on interest rates are generous.Hiring executivesThe agreement to establish the joint energy company of GEK TERNA–Motor Oil is moving forward  judging by the fact that the procedures for staffing it have also been set in motion and are already maturing. NRG and HERON are merging  while the joint company (50-50) will also receive 100% of Thermoelectric Komotini  an 877MW natural-gas-fired power plant  which is scheduled to begin commercial operation in January 2027.Container traffic at Piraeus Port improvesThe second half of the year began with a marginally positive change in container traffic at the Port of Piraeus. Specifically  Terminals II and III recorded a 1.8% increase in throughput (351 500 containers)  limiting the decline for the seven-month period to 2.2%. The year began with sharp month-to-month fluctuations  clearly affected by geopolitical developments as well  and is gradually showing signs of stabilization  with changes close to last year’s cargo-handling figures.The factory that changed hands—and its nameI learn that there has been a change of ownership  as well as a change of name  at Landis + Gyr S.A.  namely the until-recently Greek subsidiary of the Swiss Landis+Gyr Group. As newmoney had revealed back in December 2025  following a period of intense developments and upheaval—mainly because the company was excluded from DEDDIE’s major “smart meters” tender—there were successive changes in management  while the sale to private equity fund Aurelius was set in motion. This was expected to be completed by the middle of this year. And that is what happened  with the Corinth factory passing into the hands of Aurelius. Thus  at the end of July  an extraordinary General Meeting of the company was held  which decided to change the company name and make the corresponding amendment to its articles of association. The Greek company Landis + Gyr S.A. was renamed “EYKON Solutions Single-Member S.A.” In fact  on August 18 it was announced that Dr. Alexander Henschel  a senior executive of Aurelius  would become CEO of former Landis+Gyr EMEA (now EYKON). It should be recalled that the Greek factory has a “key” role in the EMEA cluster and  as was announced  will continue to serve customers throughout Europe  the Middle East and Africa  while the Landis+Gyr Group will continue operating in the Americas and Southeast Asia. In any case  an effort is being made to convey an image of continuity. Thus  the official Landis+Gyr EMEA website refers to a “former member of the Landis+Gyr Group” that  “as an independent organization  relies on long-standing customer relationships and proven technological capabilities  supported by experienced regional teams.”Bonus at AstirIn the middle of the summer  specifically on July 21  when the ordinary General Meeting of “Astir Palace Vouliagmenis” was held—the company that owns and manages the iconic Astir Vouliagmeni hotel complex—in addition to approving the financial results for fiscal year 2025  it also decided on the distribution of bonuses to senior company executives. As stated in the relevant resolution  the General Meeting unanimously decided “to distribute an additional portion of the total profits for fiscal year 2025  namely the total amount of €98 617  to senior executives of the company for their contribution  through the effective performance of their duties  to its exceptional financial and operational performance.” Let me remind you that the historic complex has passed into the ownership of shipowner George Prokopiou  and in 2025 it reported revenue of €140.56 million  compared with €127.62 million in 2024 (+10%); profit before tax rose to €30.75 million  from €24.43 million in the previous year (+25.1%); and net profit after tax came to €23.06 million  from €18.73 million in 2024 (+22.1%).Motor Oil at €60All day yesterday  the Motor Oil share flirted with €60 and eventually closed at €60  which is an all-time high. Its market capitalization exceeded €6.6 billion  recording a +50% rally in just 32 trading sessions. Today  after the close of Euronext Athens  the company announces its half-year results  while tomorrow at 17:30 it will brief analysts via conference call. In a few days  on August 31  MSCI rebalancing arrives  with the stock returning to the MSCI Standard. The secret of the success lies in limited supply  not increased demand. All the world’s refineries operated at just 80.9 million barrels/day in July  approximately 5 million lower year-on-year. Russian refining fell below 4 million barrels/day following the strikes on TANECO and Novorossiysk. The fuel bulletin returned to Moscow  while even today more than 20% of Middle Eastern capacity remains offline. The result was expected and more or less normal. European diesel crack spreads exceeded $70/barrel  five to six times above normal levels  while Mediterranean refining margins are running above $30 in the third quarter. Eurobank Equities estimates adjusted EBITDA at €481 million for Motor Oil in the second quarter (versus €442 million reported by HelleniQ Energy). It sees the third quarter  however  exceeding €700 million at current spot margins and full-year EBITDA moving toward €1.9-2 billion  whereas at the beginning of the year everyone was expecting €1.4-1.5 billion.HELLENiQ ENERGY: Ten-day rally and new 27-year highAnd since we mentioned Motor Oil  let’s move on to HELLENiQ ENERGY  whose performance on the Athens Stock Exchange confirms the strong investor confidence in the group. The break above €15.50 and the rally of 10 consecutive upward trading sessions  starting from around €13 in early August  took the share to €15.52  marking a new high for almost 27 years. The next milestone is now the €15.66 closing price recorded on January 3  2000. International houses such as Goldman Sachs recently upgraded HELLENiQ ENERGY’s target price  highlighting its attractive valuation and the rapid reduction in net debt. The activation of a share buyback provides additional support to liquidity  while the €2 billion green-transition investment plan for 2026-2028 reinforces the company’s long-term outlook.Kri Kri: Breaks through the €1 billion barrier  fueled by MSCIA new era for Kri Kri  which has entered the Athens Stock Exchange’s exclusive billion-euro club as the 31st listed company to reach this milestone  with its market capitalization now standing at €1.05 billion. The stock is staging an impressive rally  setting one all-time record after another  reaching €32.50 intraday yesterday  before closing at €31.90. The momentum is reflected in the stock’s three-day winning streak  with daily turnover consistently exceeding €1 million  confirming the massive inflow of investment capital. The main catalyst for the rise is Kri Kri’s upcoming inclusion in the MSCI Small Cap Greece index after the close on August 31. According to estimates by Goldman Sachs  this development is expected to trigger net passive inflows of approximately $8 million. At the same time  the company’s enhanced international expansion in yogurt and widening profit margins are further strengthening its re-rating. Overall  inclusion in MSCI broadens the international visibility of the Serres-based dairy company  putting it on the radar of institutional portfolios.Dynacom bets on the turmoilDynacom has one of the largest VLCC fleets internationally  while its vessels have repeatedly found themselves at the center of the new trade flows created by the crisis in the Middle East. What is interesting is that it does not appear to be treating the crisis purely defensively. Since June  its tankers have been moving toward the region  and subsequently Greek vessels were securing charters that would have seemed unreal just a few months ago. In shipping circles  however  what is being discussed most is the bigger picture. Newbuild VLCCs for the next decade  a presence in today’s expensive spot markets  and at the same time exposure to LNG  bulkers and containerships through the group’s different companies. It is not simply diversification. It is the classic logic. When most people see uncertainty  you look for which asset will become scarce tomorrow.Greeks are selling high  but they are not abandoning tankersThere is an interesting paradox behind the big tanker party. At a time when freight rates have soared and the geopolitical premium has been reflected in vessel values  several Greek shipowners are appearing on the selling side amid wartime uncertainty  with brokers noting that the more experienced players have started liquidating precisely when prices have become particularly attractive. The interesting part  however  lies in the second half of the picture. The money is not leaving shipping. In several cases  it is returning to newer or newbuild vessels. And this is perhaps where the real Greek trade lies. Selling an asset that is 12  15 or more years old at a price that would have seemed excessive a few years ago and replacing it with a next-generation vessel. The Greek orderbook has already reached levels comparable to the era of the great boom of 2008.Paliou walked away from the deal  not from GencoDon’t consider the Diana-Genco story over just because the takeover proposal was withdrawn. In Piraeus shipping offices  there are quite a few people who believe that the most interesting part of the story is only now beginning. Semiramis Paliou may have withdrawn the offer from the table  but Diana remains Genco’s largest shareholder. The rhetoric did not die down after the deal collapsed. The company’s management went on the offensive  directly challenging Genco’s management and implying that ultimately the market will decide who did a better job of protecting shareholders. There is something else interesting  too. Wall Street analysts estimate that the increase in the value of Diana’s stake in Genco has generated approximately $70 million in unrealized gains for Diana. In other words  the door closed on the takeover  but Diana is still sitting inside the room—and so far  it has actually made (on paper) money from the affair. That is why in Piraeus the conversation is not so much about what happened. It is about what Paliou will do with her shares. Will she wait? Will she increase her stake at some point? Or will she turn a failed takeover into an exceptionally profitable financial investment?Tesla’s big show on September 3On September 3  in Austin  Texas  Tesla will officially launch the Cybercab. It is its first vehicle without a steering wheel  without pedals and without mirrors. The event is closed  by invitation only  with identity checks and an age limit of 21. Invitations were sent on Saturday  August 22. Behind the staging  there are the numbers and the economics. The first Cybercab rolled off the production line at Giga Texas on February 18  2026. Mass production began in April  with installed capacity of more than 125 000 units annually. The car was priced below $30 000  with sales to private individuals beginning in 2027. It was certified at 165 Wh/mile and declared the world’s most efficient non-production electric vehicle  with a 48 kWh battery. Tesla set a target operating cost of $0.20 per mile  versus the $0.81 that Morgan Stanley currently estimates for Tesla itself  $1.43 for Waymo  and $1.71 for traditional ride-hailing. If the equation ultimately works  the business model of Uber and Lyft will take a serious hit at its core. The cost of the drivers… The if is a big word. Today  according to market estimates  Tesla operates just 20 to 42 driverless vehicles in Texas. Alphabet’s Waymo operates approximately 3 000–4 000 robotaxis  carries out 500 000 paid rides per week in more than 10 U.S. cities  and was valued at $126 billion in the $16 billion funding round in February 2026. The autonomy race is not decided by launches; it is decided by miles  and on that front Waymo has logged almost 200 million fully autonomous miles  while Tesla has approximately 1.7 million paid miles. Consequently  September 3 may not be the day that changes the world of transportation. It will be the day Tesla tries to convince the markets that it can still be the one to change it—and not Google.The patient who “shorted” his cancerAt 87  Greg Byrne from Arizona made the most unusual investment move of the year. When  two years ago  he joined Moderna’s experimental study of a personalized mRNA vaccine against melanoma  he bought shares in the company  as the Wall Street Journal reveals. Last week  when Moderna and Merck announced that the Phase 3 trial had succeeded  the stock soared as much as 177% intraday  reaching an all-time high of $176.66  before ending the week at $145.13 (+129%). This story had two dimensions. The first is the stock-market dimension  since 14.1% of Moderna’s free float—almost 50 million shares—was sold short before the announcement. Short sellers lost approximately $5.5 billion in a single trading session. Bank of America raised its price target from $40 to $170  while the company’s market capitalization went from $25 billion to $62 billion. The second dimension is even more interesting. Greg Byrne  who remains perfectly healthy even today  did not break any law. American legal scholarship has concluded that a clinical-trial participant  unlike the doctor  researcher or company adviser  who are considered “temporary insiders ” does not owe a confidentiality obligation to the listed company unless they have signed an explicit undertaking. In other words  he can buy shares based on what he sees in his own body. There is  of course  an irony in the methodology as well. The INTerpath-001 study  involving 1 137 patients  was double-blind. Byrne did not even know whether he was receiving the vaccine or only Keytruda. His “bet” was not based on confidential information; it was based on faith. He believed in the science  the company  his own luck  and the possibility that he would live long enough to collect the profit. On Wall Street  insider information is prohibited for everyone. Except the person who is experiencing it—literally—under his own skin…,neutral,0.03,0.71,0.26,mixed,0.21,0.23,0.56,True,English,"['crème de la crème', 'K.M.', 'phantom investor', 'Tsipras', 'elections', 'bonuses', 'Astieras', 'shipowners', 'tankers', 'Thessaloniki International Fair', 'ND secretary Kyranakis', 'Education Minister Sofia', 'Protothema.gr', 'Faithful readers', 'close eye', 'prime minister', 'one poll', 'Maximos Mansion', 'spring ballot', 'New Democracy', 'first Sunday', 'coalition partner', 'Nikos A.', 'ballot boxes', 'business agreements', 'final stretch', 'current affairs', 'introductory remarks', 'Theodoros Skylakakis', 'Dimitris Skalkos', 'Michalis Argyrou', 'One minister', 'deputy minister', 'good news', 'other words', 'Price reductions', 'next week', 'product codes', 'two months', 'two sources', 'coming winter', 'prolonged turmoil', 'fuel market', 'grain-export capacity', 'negative effect', 'non-state universities', 'first meeting', 'summer mood', 'summer doldrums', 'summer holidays', 'election team', 'election period', 'impressive deals', 'cabinet meeting', 'political risk', 'Recovery Fund', 'economic office', 'Western Macedonia', 'blue teams', 'Alexis Patelis', 'respective prefecture', 'big deals', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'numbers', 'polls', 'column', 'Patience', 'friends', 'half', 'Athens', 'standpoint', 'TIF', 'announcements', 'elections', 'Tsipras', 'camp', 'stock', 'Mitsotakis', 'talk', 'fact', 'government', 'someone', 'PASOK', 'contrary', 'ELAS', 'dream', 'right', 'something', 'goodbye', 'chair', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'place', 'road', 'everyone', 'position', 'pipeline', 'Greece', 'zone', 'motto', 'Reunion', 'members', 'comment', 'appearances', 'yesterday', 'cameras', 'presentation', 'August', 'gesture', 'recognition', 'sort', 'inception', 'videoconference', 'director', 'rhythms', 'prefectures', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'Eastern', 'Central', 'problems', 'asterisks', 'beginning', 'list', 'measures', 'detail', 'initiative', 'Theodorikakos', 'framework', 'gentlemen', 'year', 'prospect', 'prices', 'Ukraine', 'remedy', 'scenes', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρ', 'μας', 'στ', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-08-25,2026-08-26,en.protothema.gr
