UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
37829,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://euobserver.com/green-economy/158256,EU plan to use €3bn Russian windfall to aid Ukraine,EU leaders in Brussels this week are poised to finalise plans on using approximately €3bn in annual profits from frozen Russian assets to buy ammunition and weapons for Ukraine.,EU leaders in Brussels this week will discuss how to use the approximately €3bn in annual profits from frozen Russian assets to buy ammunition and weapons for Ukraine.Shortly after the Russian invasion of Ukraine  G7 countries  the EU and Australia decided to freeze €260bn in Russian central bank assets  some €210bn of which are stored in Europe.Student or retired? Then this plan is for you.Two years on this money has accrued interest. EU member states in February agreed to use these profits to bolster the Ukrainian war effort.But to actually utilise the proceeds is a complex operation subject to stringent regulations  meant to partly mitigates costly legislation against Central Securities Depositories (CSDs) where Russian assets are held.CSDs are financial services companies specialised in transferring large amounts quickly. One is situated in Brussels (Euroclear)  where most of the Russian assets are held.The Kremlin says Western asset freezes have robbed Russia and its entrepreneurs. But special income arising from an EU freeze of Russian assets belongs neither to Russia nor the EU but to the CSD and  therefore  can rightly go to Ukraine  according to EU legal thinking.On Wednesday (20 March)  just a day before the EU summit  the EU Commission introduced a proposal outlining the steps for this process.According to the proposal  assets exceeding €1m euros held at CSDs are earmarked  with 87 percent slated to eventually be used to contribute to the Ukrainian war effort.The CSDs—usually not charged with holding foreign assets in this way—can keep three percent of these profits after tax. They are also permitted to provisionally withhold 10 percent of the contribution as a buffer to pay for unforeseen costs or cover legal expenses.Euroclear has previously said that several Russian asset holders have initiated legal action against Euroclear  among them First AM  one of Russia's oldest asset managers  which lodged a claim of 184.8bn roubles (€1.9bn) with the Moscow arbitration court last summer.In 2024  90 percent of these funds will be used for arms and ammunition through the European Peace Facility (EPF)  while the remaining 10 percent will go to the EU budget  which will then be used to finance the Ukraine Facility  which is the fund meant for reconstruction.This arrangement means that every payment from the budget to the Ukraine facility must be approved by all EU members.EU leaders will decide on how to proceed at the summit taking place on Thursday and Friday this week.,neutral,0.29,0.68,0.03,negative,0.03,0.27,0.7,True,English,"['€3bn Russian windfall', 'EU plan', 'Ukraine', 'several Russian asset holders', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Central Securities Depositories', 'Western asset freezes', 'oldest asset managers', 'Ukrainian war effort', 'financial services companies', 'Moscow arbitration court', 'European Peace Facility', 'EU member states', 'EU legal thinking', 'Russian assets', 'Russian invasion', 'legal expenses', 'legal action', 'foreign assets', 'EU leaders', 'G7 countries', 'Two years', 'complex operation', 'stringent regulations', 'costly legislation', 'large amounts', 'The Kremlin', 'special income', 'EU freeze', 'EU Commission', '1m euros', 'unforeseen costs', 'First AM', '184.8bn roubles', 'EU members', 'Ukraine Facility', 'EU summit', 'EU budget', 'three percent', 'remaining 10 percent', 'annual profits', 'The CSDs', '87 percent', '90 percent', 'Brussels', 'ammunition', 'weapons', 'Australia', 'Student', 'plan', 'money', 'interest', 'February', 'proceeds', 'Euroclear', 'entrepreneurs', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'proposal', 'steps', 'process', 'way', 'tax', 'contribution', 'buffer', 'claim', 'funds', 'arms', 'EPF', 'reconstruction', 'arrangement', 'payment', 'place', 'Thursday', 'Friday']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,euobserver.com
37830,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.spacewar.com/reports/EU_to_table_plan_to_use_frozen_Russian_assets_to_arm_Kyiv_999.html,EU to table plan to use frozen Russian assets to arm Kyiv,Brussels  Belgium (AFP) Mar 19  2024 Brussels will propose to EU countries using revenues from frozen Russian assets  worth an estimated three billion euros a year  to help arm Ukraine  the bloc's foreign policy chief said Tuesday. The European Commissio…,"EU to table plan to use frozen Russian assets to arm Kyivby AFP Staff WritersBrussels  Belgium (AFP) Mar 19  2024Brussels will propose to EU countries using revenues from frozen Russian assets  worth an estimated three billion euros a year  to help arm Ukraine  the bloc's foreign policy chief said Tuesday.The European Commission is set to put forward its plan to member states on Wednesday  on the eve of a summit of the EU's 27 leaders in part focused on support for Kyiv.Foreign policy chief Josep Borrell said the proposal envisioned that 90 percent of the profits made on the assets would go to a fund used to cover the cost of weapons for Ukraine.The other 10 percent would go into the EU's budget to be used to help increase the capacity of Ukraine's own defence industry.""If member states agree it will be about three billion euros per year that we can get from the frozen assets revenue "" Borrell said.The push by the EU to find more funds for Ukraine comes as a $60-billion support package from Kyiv's other major backer  the United States  remains blocked in Congress.Dwindling weapons supplies two years into the war have left Ukraine's forces outgunned on the front line and struggling to halt Russia's advances.The EU froze some 200 billion euros of Russian central bank assets held in the bloc as punishment after Moscow invaded its neighbour in February 2022.About 90 percent of those funds are held by the international deposit organisation Euroclear  based in Belgium.EU countries have been wrangling for months over what to do with the Russian assets  amid calls from some member states and other Western allies to go further and seize the entire amount to pay for rebuilding Ukraine.Countries such as Germany have been hesitant to touch the funds frozen in the EU out of fear that it would undermine investor faith in European markets.Borrell said the European Central Bank had been consulted on the proposal and that it was now time for member states to take a decision as the war in Ukraine reaches a crucial stage.""The summer will be critical "" he said.""Russia is hitting the positions of Ukraine every day in order to weaken them and when the spring and summertime comes  for sure  we'll see increased military activity.""Related LinksThe Military Industrial Complex at SpaceWar.comLearn about the Superpowers of the 21st Century at SpaceWar.com",negative,0.08,0.39,0.53,negative,0.02,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'EU', 'plan', 'Kyiv', 'Foreign policy chief Josep Borrell', 'The Military Industrial Complex', 'Russian central bank assets', 'European Central Bank', 'The European Commission', 'international deposit organisation', 'other major backer', 'other Western allies', 'frozen Russian assets', 'AFP Staff Writers', '$60-billion support package', 'Dwindling weapons supplies', 'three billion euros', 'military activity', '200 billion euros', 'European markets', 'assets revenue', 'member states', 'other 10 percent', 'defence industry', 'United States', 'front line', 'entire amount', 'investor faith', 'crucial stage', 'Related Links', '21st Century', 'EU countries', '90 percent', 'plan', 'Kyiv', 'Brussels', 'Belgium', 'revenues', 'Ukraine', 'bloc', 'Wednesday', 'summit', '27 leaders', 'part', 'proposal', 'profits', 'fund', 'cost', 'budget', 'capacity', 'year', 'push', 'Congress', 'war', 'forces', 'advances', 'punishment', 'Moscow', 'neighbour', 'February', 'Euroclear', 'months', 'calls', 'Germany', 'fear', 'time', 'decision', 'summer', 'positions', 'order', 'spring', 'Superpowers']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,spacewar.com
37831,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/5d89b9abe23aabba,Brussels poised to send billions from frozen Russian assets to Ukraine,Windfall revenues from hundreds of billions in central bank assets held at Euroclear Belgium set to help arm and reconstruct the war-torn nation. The EU aims to deploy frozen Russian assets to send 3 billion euros per year to Ukraine  the European Commission …,Windfall revenues from hundreds of billions in central bank assets held at Euroclear Belgium set to help arm and reconstruct the war-torn nation.The EU aims to deploy frozen Russian assets to send 3 billion euros per year to Ukraine  the European Commission announced today (20 March)  with the first funds potentially paid as soon as July.The Russian central bank holds…This story appeared on euronews.com   .,neutral,0.15,0.76,0.09,negative,0.08,0.38,0.54,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'Brussels', 'billions', 'Ukraine', 'central bank assets', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian central bank', 'Windfall revenues', 'Euroclear Belgium', 'war-torn nation', '3 billion euros', 'European Commission', 'first funds', 'hundreds', 'billions', 'year', 'Ukraine', 'July', 'The', 'story', 'euronews.']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,biztoc.com
37832,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GRAFTON-GROUP-PLC-4004686/news/Grafton-Notice-of-AGM-2024-46244331/,Grafton : Notice of AGM 2024 -March 20  2024 at 12:50 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT AND THE ACCOMPANYING FORM OF PROXY ARE IMPORTANT AND REQUIRE YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in doubt about the action you should take  you are recommended to immediately seek your own personal financial advice…,"THIS DOCUMENT AND THE ACCOMPANYING FORM OF PROXY ARE IMPORTANT AND REQUIRE YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in doubt about the action you should take  you are recommended to immediately seek your own personal financial advice from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent professional financial adviser who  if you are taking advice in Ireland  is authorised or exempted pursuant to the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 of Ireland or the Investment Intermediaries Act  1995 of Ireland (as amended)  or  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom or from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser if you are in a territory outside Ireland or the United Kingdom. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your shares in Grafton Group plc  please send this document and the accompanying Form of Proxy at once to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. GRAFTON GROUP PLC (the ""Company"") Notice of 2024 Annual General Meeting A letter from the Chair of Grafton Group plc is set out on pages 8 to 10 of this document. Your attention is drawn to the Notice of the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held at 10:30am (Irish Time) on Thursday  2 May 2024 at the Irish Management Institute (IMI) Conference Centre  Sandyford Road  Dublin 16  D16 X8C3  Ireland which is set out on pages 11 to 14 of this document. A Form of Proxy for use at the meeting is enclosed. The process for appointing a proxy and/or voting at the meeting will depend on the manner in which you hold your Ordinary Shares in the Company. For shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company (i.e. those who hold ordinary shares of the Company (""Ordinary Shares"") in certificated form and who therefore do not hold their interests in Ordinary Shares as Belgian law rights through the Euroclear Bank SA/NV (""Euroclear Bank"") system (the ""EB System"") (""EB Participants"") or as CREST Depositary Interests (""CDIs"") through the CREST system (""CREST""))  the Form of Proxy must be completed and returned to the Company's registrars  Link Registrars Limited (the ""Registrar"") at P.O. Box 7117  Dublin 2  Ireland if delivered by post or to Link Registrars Limited  Suite 149  The Capel Building  Mary's Abbey  Dublin 7  D07 DP79  Ireland if delivered by hand during normal business hours so as to be received by no later than 10:30am (Irish Time) on 30 April 2024. Alternatively  you may appoint a proxy electronically by visiting the website of the Company's Registrars at www.signalshares.comand entering the Company name  Grafton Group plc. You will need to register for the Share Portal by clicking on ""registration section"" (if you have not registered previously) and following the instructions. You will need your Investor Code (""IVC"") which can be found at the top of your proxy form. 1Additionally  the Registrar has launched a shareholder app: LinkVote+. It's free to download and use and gives shareholders the ability to access their shareholding record at any time and allows users to submit a proxy appointment quickly and easily online rather than through the post. The app is available to download on both the Apple App Store and Google Play  or by scanning the relevant QR code below. Further instructions on how to appoint a proxy are set out on the Form of Proxy. Persons who hold their interests in Ordinary Shares as Belgian law rights through the EB System or as CDIs through CREST should consult with their stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting proxy votes for the AGM through the respective systems. For the avoidance of doubt  all resolutions at the AGM will be decided on a poll at the demand of the Chair in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company and in line with current market practice. Further Information for shareholders who hold their interests in Ordinary Shares as CDIs (""CDI Holders"")1 In respect of CDI Holders  Euroclear UK & International Limited (""EUI"")  the operator of CREST  has arranged for voting instructions relating to the CDIs held in CREST to be received via a third party service provider  Broadridge Financial Solutions Limited (""Broadridge""). Further details on this service are set out on the ""All you need to know about SRD II in Euroclear UK & Ireland"" webpage of the Euroclear Bank website (www.euroclear.com) which is accessible to CREST participants (see the section entitled ""CREST International Service - Proxy Voting""). If you are a CDI Holder  you will be required to make use of the EUI proxy voting service facilitated by Broadridge Global Proxy Voting service in order to receive meeting announcements and send back voting instructions  as required. To facilitate client set up  if you hold CDIs and wish to participate in the Broadridge Global Proxy Voting service  you will need to complete the following steps: Register for an account with EUI at the following web address: https://www.euroclear.com/users/en/registration-choice.html .Complete a Meeting and Voting Client Set-Up Application Form (the "" EUI Application Form "")  which will be available at the following link once you have logged in to your EUI account: Meetings and Voting Client Set-up Form (CRT408) .Set-Up Application Form (the "" "")  which will be available at the following link once you have logged in to your EUI account: A copy of the completed EUI Application Form must be returned to EUI by an authorised signatory (i.e. a nominated representative of the CDI Holder) with a second authorised signatory of the CDI Holder also copied in for verification purposes using the following email address: eui.srd2@euroclear.com .Fully completed and returned EUI Application Forms will be shared with Broadridge by EUI. This will enable Broadridge to contact you and share further detailed information on its service 1 Please note that all expected times and dates referenced in this Circular are indicative only. CDI Holders should please consult with their stockbroker or other intermediary to confirm voting instruction deadlines. 2offering and initiate the process for granting your access to the Broadridge platform. Should shareholders have any queries on the Broadridge service offering  Broadridge can be contacted by telephone on +1 800 353 0103during normal US (Eastern Standard Time) business hours. Once CDI Holders have gained access to the Broadridge platform (by following the instructions set out above)  they can complete and submit proxy appointments (including voting instructions) electronically. Broadridge will process and deliver any such proxy voting instructions received from CDI Holders by the Broadridge voting deadline date to Euroclear Bank by its cut-off time and to agreed market requirements. Alternatively  a CDI Holder can send a third party proxy voting instruction through the Broadridge platform in order to appoint a third party (who may be a corporate representative or the CDI Holder themselves) to attend and vote at the meeting for the number of Ordinary Shares specified in the proxy instruction (subject to the Broadridge voting deadline). There is no facility to offer a letter of representation/appoint a corporate representative other than through the submission of third party proxy appointment instructions through Broadridge. Broadridge's voting deadline is expected to be two business days prior to Euroclear Bank's voting instruction deadline  as set out below  and is expected to be close of business on Friday 26 April 2024. As stated above  CDI Holders should please consult with their stockbrokers to confirm any relevant Broadridge deadlines. CDI Holders should pay close attention to any notices specifically relating to the AGM and are strongly encouraged to familiarise themselves with Broadridge's arrangements  including the voting deadlines and procedures and to take  as soon as possible  any further actions required by Broadridge before they can avail of this voting service. The Company understands that Broadridge will use best endeavours to accept late votes  changes and cancellations from a CDI Holder after their voting deadline but there is no guarantee that these will be processed within the requisite timeframes. Should you have any queries in relation to completing and submitting proxy appointments (including voting instructions) electronically via Broadridge  please contact your dedicated client service representative at Broadridge. Further Information for shareholders who hold their interests in Ordinary Shares as EB Participants2 Shareholders who hold their interests in Ordinary Shares as EB Participants can submit proxy appointments (including voting instructions) electronically in the manner described in the document issued by Euroclear Bank and entitled ""Euroclear Bank as issuer CSD for Irish corporate securities Service description "" and available on the Euroclear Bank website ( www.euroclear.com Euroclear Bank Service Description ""). EB Participants can either send:"" and available on the Euroclear Bank website ( ""). EB Participants can either send: electronic voting instructions to instruct Euroclear Nominees Limited (i.e. the nominee of Euroclear Bank) ("" Euroclear Nominees "") or the Chair (as proxy) on the instruction of Euroclear Nominees to:"") or the Chair (as proxy) on the instruction of Euroclear Nominees to: vote in favour of all or a specific resolution(s); vote against all or a specific resolution(s); abstain for all or a specific resolution(s); or2 Please note that all expected times and dates referenced in this Circular are indicative only. EB Participants should please consult with their stockbroker or other intermediary to confirm voting instruction deadlines. 3give discretion to the Chair to vote for all or a specific resolution(s); ora proxy voting instruction to appoint a third party (other than Euroclear Nominees or the Chair of the AGM) (who may be a corporate representative or the EB Participant themselves) to attend the meeting and vote for the number of Ordinary Shares specified in the proxy voting instruction by providing Euroclear Bank with the proxy details as requested in its notification (e.g. proxy first name  proxy last name  proxy address  nationality code). There is no facility to offer a letter of representation/appoint a corporate representative other than through the submission of third party proxy appointment instructions. Euroclear Bank's voting instruction deadline is expected to be 9:30 am (Irish Time) on Tuesday 30 April 2024. Voting instructions cannot be changed or cancelled after Euroclear Bank's voting deadline. EB Participants are strongly encouraged to familiarise themselves with the arrangements with Euroclear Bank  including the voting deadlines and procedures. Remote attendance at the AGM via the Webcasting Platform: In order to view and listen to the AGM remotely  shareholders will need to connect to the Webcasting Platform via a link (URL) on the home page of the Company's website www.graftonplc.comwhich will be made available from 24 hours before the AGM start time. If you wish to raise a question verbally at the AGM  you must dial-in to the conference call number which will be accessible once you have logged in to the Webcasting Platform. If you dial into the conference call  please ensure that you mute your webcast connection to avoid any potential interference. Once shareholders have accessed the Webcasting Platform  they will be asked to enter an email address  as well as their unique ""Login Code"" and ""PIN"". Your Login Code is your 11-digit IVC  including any leading zeros. Your PIN is the last 4 digits of your IVC. This will authenticate the identity of shareholders. Your IVC can be found on the enclosed proxy form  your attendance card or your share certificate. Signal Shares users (www.signalshares.com)  operated by the Company's Registrars  will find the IVC under ""Manage your account"" when logged in to the Signal Shares portal. Shareholders can also obtain the IVC by contacting Link Registrars Limited on +353 1 553 0050. Lines are open from 9:00am to 5:00pm (Irish Time) Monday to Friday  excluding Irish bank holidays. CDI Holders or EB Participants wishing to access the Webcasting Platform should arrange to have themselves appointed as their own proxy  as explained in Notes 6 and 7 of the Notice of AGM. Any CDI Holders or EB Participants who have not had themselves appointed as their own proxy  but who nevertheless wish to access the AGM via the Webcasting Platform  should contact Link Registrars Limited by email to RMSupportDublin@linkgroup.ie. If any shareholder encounters difficulties in obtaining their IVC  please contact the Company's Registrars by email to RMSupportDublin@linkgroup.ie. Access to the Webcasting Platform for the purpose of the AGM will be via a link (URL) on the home page of the Company's website (www.graftonplc.com) which will be available from 24 hours before the AGM start time. During the AGM  shareholders (or their proxy) must ensure that they are connected to the internet at all times in order to view and listen to the Chair and ask questions at the meeting. Therefore  it is the shareholders' (or their proxy's (as the case may be)) responsibility to ensure connection to the internet for the duration of the AGM. There is no requirement for shareholders to give notice of their intention to log in to the AGM via the Webcasting Platform  save that persons appointed as proxy or as a corporate representative to represent 4a shareholder at the AGM should contact Link Registrars Limited by 10:30am (Irish Time) on Tuesday 30 April 2024 by emailing RMSupportDublin@linkgroup.iefor unique log-in credentials in order to access the AGM. Shareholders will still need to submit their voting instruction by the relevant deadline before the AGM  as it will not be possible to vote using the Webcasting Platform. 5CONTENTS Page Expected Timetable of Events 6 Agenda of Annual General Meeting 6 Letter from the Chair 8 Notice of Annual General Meeting 11 Notes to Notice of Annual General Meeting 15 EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF EVENTS Latest time for return of proxies for AGM 10:30am (Irish Time) on Tuesday  30 April 2024 Record Date for AGM 6:00pm (Irish Time) on Sunday  28 April 2024 Annual General Meeting 10:30am (Irish Time) on Thursday  2 May 2024 AGENDA OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Ordinary Business To receive and consider the Company's financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. To declare a final dividend. Election / Re-election of Directors. Advisory vote on the continuation in office of PricewaterhouseCoopers as Auditors of the Company. Authorisation to fix the remuneration of the Auditors for the year ending 31 December 2024. Advisory vote on the Annual Statement of the Chair of the Remuneration Committee and the Annual Report on Remuneration of the Remuneration Committee for the year ended 31 December 2023. Authorisation to retain the power to convene an Extraordinary General Meeting by at least fourteen clear days' notice. 6Special Business Authorisation to allot relevant securities. Authorisation to dis-apply statutory pre-emption rights and allot up to five per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company. Authorisation to make market purchases of the Company's own shares. Determination of the price range for the re-issue of treasury shares off-market. 7__________________________________________________________________________________ GRAFTON GROUP PLC (the ""Company"") (Registered in Ireland No. 8149) Directors Registered Office: Michael Roney (Chair) The Hive Ian Tyler (Non-Executive Director and Chair Designate) Carmanhall Road Eric Born (Chief Executive Officer) Sandyford Business Park David Arnold (Chief Financial Officer) Dublin 18  D18 Y2C9 Paul Hampden Smith (Non-Executive and Senior Independent Director) Ireland Mark Robson (Non-Executive Director) Susan Murray (Non-Executive Director) Vincent Crowley (Non-Executive Director) Rosheen McGuckian (Non-Executive Director) Avis Darzins (Non-Executive Director) 20 March 2024 Dear Shareholder  Introduction I am writing to you to explain the resolutions to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"")  all of which the Board is recommending for your approval. Your attention is drawn to the Notice of the AGM which will be held at 10:30am (Irish Time) on Thursday 2 May 2024 at the IMI Conference Centre  Sandyford Road  Dublin 16  D16 X8C3  Ireland  which is set out on pages 11 to 14 of this document. The following briefly explains the business to be transacted at the AGM: Resolution 1 deals with reviewing the Company's affairs and considering the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023  together with the reports of the directors and statutory auditor thereon. Resolution 2 proposes the approval and payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023 of 26.0 pence per Ordinary Share in the capital of the Company to be paid on 9 May 2024 to the holders of Ordinary Shares on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on 12 April 2024. Resolution 3 proposes the election/re-election of directors. The Board has agreed that all Directors will retire and seek election/re-election at the forthcoming AGM  with the exception of Mr. Paul Hampden Smith and me  as we have indicated that we will step down from the Board at the conclusion of the AGM. This is not required legally or by the Company's Articles of Association but is in line with best practice and the provisions of the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code. As previously announced  Mr. Mark Robson and Mr. Ian Tyler were appointed as Non-Executive Directors with effect from 1 December 2023 and 1 March 2024 respectively and both will retire and put themselves forward for election by shareholders at this AGM. I recommend that each of the Directors going forward be re-elected at the 2024 AGM. Resolution 4 is an advisory  non-binding resolution regarding the continuation in office of PricewaterhouseCoopers as Auditors of the Company. 8Resolution 5 authorises the Directors to fix the remuneration of the Auditors for the year ending 31 December 2024. In Resolution 6  the Board is proposing to submit the Annual Statement of the Chair of the Remuneration Committee and the Annual Report on Remuneration of the Remuneration Committee  as set out on pages 142 to 145 and 156 to 170 respectively of the 2023 Annual Report  to a non-binding advisory vote. Resolution 7 is a special resolution which  if adopted  will maintain the existing authority in the Articles of Association which permits the Company to convene an Extraordinary General Meeting by giving at least 14 clear days' notice in writing where the purpose of the meeting is to consider an ordinary resolution. As a matter of policy  the 14 clear days' notice will only be utilised where the Directors believe that it is merited by the business of the meeting and is to the advantage of shareholders as a whole. Special Business at AGM In addition to the ordinary business to be transacted at the AGM  there are various items of special business which are described further below: Resolution 8 - Authority to Allot Relevant Securities In Resolution 8  shareholders are being asked to renew the Directors' authority to allot and issue shares. If adopted  this authority will authorise the Directors to issue shares up to a maximum aggregate nominal value of €3 374 845 (which represents one third of the nominal value of the existing issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at the latest practicable date before the publication of this AGM Circular). The authority under this resolution will expire at next year's AGM or 15 months after the forthcoming AGM  whichever is the earlier. Resolution 9 - Authority to Dis-apply Statutory Pre-emption Rights At the AGM held in 2023  shareholders gave the Directors power to allot shares for cash otherwise than in accordance with statutory pre-emption rights. That power will expire at the close of business on the date of the forthcoming AGM. The Directors will  at the forthcoming AGM  seek power to allot shares for cash  otherwise than in accordance with statutory pre-emption rights  by way of rights issue or other issue up to the amount of the unissued share capital of the Company  or otherwise up to an aggregate nominal value of €504 976 on the basis that this limit shall apply to all allotments for cash and any treasury shares that may be reissued for cash. This limit is equivalent to approximately five per cent of the nominal value of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company. The power under this resolution will expire (under the Articles of Association of the Company) at next year's AGM or 15 months after the forthcoming AGM  whichever is the earlier. Save for the allotment of shares in respect of the Company's employee share schemes  as at the date hereof  the Board has no current intention to exercise the authority sought pursuant to Resolutions 8 and 9 (as described above) and will only exercise these authorities if they consider it to be in the best interests of shareholders generally at that time. The number of treasury shares held by the Company as at the date hereof is 500 000  which is equivalent to approximately 0.25 per cent of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the latest practicable date before the publication of this AGM Circular. 9",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.57,0.42,0.01,True,English,"['Grafton', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'March', '12:50', 'other independent professional financial adviser', 'Broadridge Global Proxy Voting service', 'third party service provider', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions Limited', 'independent financial adviser', 'EUI proxy voting service', 'Financial Instruments) Regulations', 'Grafton Group plc', 'IMI) Conference Centre', 'Belgian law rights', 'P.O. Box', 'The Capel Building', 'normal business hours', 'current market practice', 'Investment Intermediaries Act', 'relevant QR code', 'Irish Management Institute', 'personal financial advice', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Link Registrars Limited', 'Apple App Store', 'CREST International Service', 'Euroclear Bank"") system', 'Euroclear Bank website', 'CREST Depositary Interests', 'International Limited', 'Financial Services', 'other agent', 'other intermediary', 'Euroclear UK', 'Investor Code', 'voting instructions', 'bank manager', 'EB System', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'Markets Act', 'Irish Time', 'Sandyford Road', 'EB Participants', 'CREST system', 'Share Portal', 'shareholder app', 'shareholding record', 'Google Play', 'earliest opportunity', 'respective systems', 'CDI Holders', 'Further details', 'SRD II', 'meeting announcements', 'Ordinary Shares', 'proxy appointment', 'proxy votes', 'Further instructions', 'CREST participants', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'registration section', 'Further Information', 'ACCOMPANYING FORM', 'proxy form', 'Company name', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'Ireland', 'territory', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'delivery', 'Notice', 'letter', 'Chair', 'pages', 'AGM', '10:30am', 'Thursday', 'May', 'Dublin', 'X8C', 'use', 'process', 'manner', 'shareholders', 'names', 'register', 'members', 'certificated', 'CDIs', 'post', 'Suite', 'Mary', 'Abbey', 'hand', '30 April', 'signalshares', 'IVC', 'top', 'LinkVote', 'ability', 'Persons', 'timelines', 'avoidance', 'resolutions', 'poll', 'demand', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'operator', 'webpage', 'order', 'client']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37833,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.dw.com/en/eu-aims-to-boost-ukraine-aid-with-seized-russian-asset-plan/a-68626703,EU aims to boost Ukraine aid with seized Russian asset plan – DW – 03,The European Union will continue to support beleaguered Ukraine  vowing to push ahead with a pledge for EU membership and promising more financial aid. The money could come from frozen Russian assets. One year ago  European Union member states pledged to deli…,"The European Union will continue to support beleaguered Ukraine  vowing to push ahead with a pledge for EU membership and promising more financial aid. The money could come from frozen Russian assets.One year ago  European Union member states pledged to deliver one million rounds of ammunition to support Ukraine's defense efforts against Russia. However  the EU has only been able to fulfill half of this military promise thus far.Nevertheless  significant financial and political assistance measures were unveiled in Brussels this Wednesday to aid the nation under attack by Russia.Ukraine to receive €50 billionThe first meeting of the so-called Association Council between the EU and Ukraine since the EU officially announced the commencement of accession negotiations with Ukraine in December was held in Brussels on Tuesday.The Association Council is tasked with preparing further steps leading up to formal accession negotiations Image: FRANCOIS LENOIR/European UnionUkrainian Prime Minister Denys Schmyhal presented a plan for reforms and reconstruction of Ukraine amid Russia's ongoing aggression. Ursula von der Leyen  the president of the European Commission  announced the disbursement of the first installment of €4.5 billion from the EU's new €50 billion ($54.3 billion) financing instrument for Ukraine  aimed at supporting the war-torn nation's budget until the end of 2027.""This is crucial for Ukraine "" von der Leyen told reporters in Brussels.Schmyhal said his government was ""very grateful for the support "" highlighting the importance of the €50 billion financing mechanism for stability. ""The EU is now truly on high alert because it knows that its vital interests are at stake.""EU High Representative Josep Borrell commended Ukraine's rapid progress towards EU approximation despite operating under wartime conditions. However  the European Commission  the EU's executive branch  has yet to determine the formal commencement of accession negotiations  which requires unanimous agreement from all 27 EU member states plus Ukraine.Hungary has repeatedly delayed Ukraine's accession process  and EU diplomats anticipate resistance or new demands from Budapest in the upcoming steps.Russian interest earnings to fund weapons for UkraineFollowing a February decision by EU heads of state and governments to seize profits from frozen Russian state assets in the EU for the benefit of Ukraine  the European Commission presented a plan on Wednesday detailing the utilization of profits from Euroclear-held Russian assets for Ukraine's benefit.This plan addresses approximately €3 billion in annual interest earnings generated from Russian state bank assets at the Belgian financial services provider Euroclear. Nearly €200 billion of Russian assets were frozen there due to EU sanctions  rendering them inaccessible for withdrawal or transfer by the Russian central bank.Russia's central bank has stored about €300 billion in assets abroad Image: Mikhail Tereshchenko/TASS/dpa/picture allianceWhile Ukraine had advocated for a complete confiscation of these funds  the EU opted to seize only the profits from Russian investments  citing legal concerns and the potential damage to international investor confidence in the eurozone. Following extensive deliberations  EU member states agreed to allocate the profits from Russian investments into a special budget known as the ""European Peace Facility.""Funds from this budget will finance arms deliveries to Ukraine  with €5 billion already contributed by EU member states.To address concerns from the European Central Bank (ECB) about potential financial instability for the private Belgian firm Euroclear and  consequently  the eurozone  Euroclear will retain a portion of the earnings from Russian assets as collateral to meet obligations to other investors and potential legal proceedings.The ECB fears that Chinese banks or other major investors may withdraw their assets from Euroclear  potentially necessitating a bailout by the Belgian government and triggering a financial crisis in the eurozone. Additionally  Russia could retaliate by seizing Euroclear assets  as approximately €33 billion of the Belgian financial services provider are reportedly held in Moscow.How the Kremlin reacted to the EU's planThe EU leaders are expected to discuss the plan to skim off Russian profits during a summit in Brussels on Thursday. Germany recently abandoned its original resistance to the model. Meanwhile  Belgium has announced that it will transfer the 25% capital taxes due on the Russian profits to Ukraine.With the possible use of Russian funds to finance Ukrainian arms sales  the EU is breaking new ground. So far  the confiscation of foreign assets of state banks has only occurred after the end of wars  such as after Iraq's first Gulf War against Kuwait in 1991 or after the end of World War II.In response to the plan to seize Russian profits  Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov denounced it  warning that it would undermine the West's reputation as a safe haven for investments.""The damage will be inevitable. The persons who will be involved in making such decisions  the states that will decide this  of course  they will become the objects of prosecution for many decades "" Peskov said in a statement. The Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman condemned the plan as ""banditry and theft.""Poland: Farmers angry at Ukraine To view this video please enable JavaScript  and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 videoFarmers' protests and tariffsOn Wednesday  EU member states also agreed to extend duty-free imports from Ukraine for another year. However  certain agricultural products  including honey  eggs  poultry  sugar  corn  and oats  may face tariffs again starting in June if imports exceed specific thresholds. The policy comes in response to farmers' protests  especially in Poland  who fear market distortions from cheap Ukrainian imports.Prime Minister Schmyhal expressed satisfaction with the decisions  noting that Ukraine could not reach or surpass the established caps on critical products  which are based on average values for 2022 and 2023.This article was originally written in German.",neutral,0.19,0.78,0.03,mixed,0.13,0.21,0.66,True,English,"['Russian asset plan', 'Ukraine aid', 'EU', 'DW', 'Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Schmyhal', 'EU High Representative Josep Borrell', 'Belgian financial services provider', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'European Union member states', 'Russian state bank assets', 'Ukrainian arms sales', 'FRANCOIS LENOIR/European Union', 'private Belgian firm', 'one million rounds', 'political assistance measures', 'Mikhail Tereshchenko/TASS/dpa/picture alliance', 'international investor confidence', 'World War II', 'European Peace Facility', '€50 billion financing mechanism', 'potential financial instability', 'European Central Bank', 'annual interest earnings', 'first Gulf War', '27 EU member states', 'potential legal proceedings', 'Russian central bank', 'The European Union', 'other major investors', 'Russian interest earnings', 'Euroclear-held Russian assets', 'Russian state assets', 'formal accession negotiations', 'The Association Council', 'high alert', 'other investors', 'financial aid', 'significant financial', 'financial crisis', 'Belgian government', 'European Commission', 'financing instrument', 'arms deliveries', 'state banks', 'first meeting', 'first installment', 'accession process', 'foreign assets', 'potential damage', 'Russian investments', 'defense efforts', 'military promise', 'ongoing aggression', 'vital interests', 'rapid progress', 'wartime conditions', 'executive branch', 'formal commencement', 'unanimous agreement', 'February decision', 'legal concerns', 'extensive deliberations', 'Chinese banks', '25% capital taxes', 'possible use', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'safe haven', 'Russian profits', 'EU membership', 'EU approximation', 'EU diplomats', 'EU heads', 'EU sanctions', 'EU leaders', 'Russian funds', 'new demands', 'new ground', 'war-torn nation', 'upcoming steps', 'complete confiscation', 'The ECB', 'original resistance', 'Kremlin spokesperson', 'Euroclear assets', 'special budget', 'beleaguered Ukraine', 'new €', 'pledge', 'money', 'ammunition', 'half', 'Brussels', 'attack', 'December', 'Tuesday', 'Image', 'plan', 'reforms', 'reconstruction', 'president', 'disbursement', 'end', 'reporters', 'support', 'importance', 'stake', 'Hungary', 'Budapest', 'weapons', 'governments', 'benefit', 'Wednesday', 'utilization', 'withdrawal', 'transfer', 'eurozone', 'portion', 'collateral', 'obligations', 'bailout', 'Moscow', 'summit', 'Thursday', 'Germany', 'model', 'Belgium', 'wars', 'Iraq', 'Kuwait', 'response', 'West', 'reputation']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,dw.com
37834,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALFA-LAVAL-CORPORATE-AB-120792079/news/Annual-General-Meeting-in-Alfa-Laval-AB-publ-46241570/,Annual General Meeting in Alfa Laval AB (publ),(marketscreener.com) The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Thursday  April 25  2024LUND  Sweden  March 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB will be held on Thursday  April 25  20…,The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Thursday  April 25  2024LUND  Sweden  March 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB will be held on Thursday  April 25  2024  at 4.00 p.m. CET at Stadshallen  Stortorget 9  Lund  Sweden. Registration starts at 3.30 p.m. Coffee will be served at the venue from 3.00 p.m.The company's CEO presentation will be published on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/ after the general meeting.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on April 17  2024   and notice participation as follows below.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by advance voting must notify its intention to participate in the general meeting by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance Voting below  so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 19  2024 .must notify its intention to participate in the general meeting by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading below  so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than . A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy  must notify participation at the latest April 19  2024   to Euroclear Sweden AB. Notification of participation can either be made by phone to +46 8 402 91 98  Monday to Friday 9: 00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.   or on the website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Please state  name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying advisor(s) (maximum two).Nominee-registered sharesIn addition to providing notification of participation as described above  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on April 17  2024. The registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures. This means that the shareholder must notify the nominee in ample time. A voting right registration completed no later than the second banking day after April 17  2024  is considered when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance VotingA special form for advance voting (postal voting) must be used. The form is available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting/ under information about the Annual General Meeting 2024. The completed voting form can either be sent by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The advance vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 19  2024. A shareholder can also exercise its voting right electronically through Bank-ID verification. Further instructions can be found on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. A shareholder who casts its advance vote electronically must submit the vote no later than April 19  2024. No special instructions  conditions  or other additions may be added to the advance vote. An advance voting form containing any special instructions or conditions will make the vote invalid in its entirety. For further instructions and conditions  please see the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance as well as notifies its participation at the venue in person  the advance vote remains valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting during the general meeting or otherwise withdraws the submitted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the general meeting  the cast vote will replace the previously submitted advance vote on the item in question.For any questions regarding the advance voting or to request a voting form sent by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 8 402 91 98 (Monday to Friday 9.00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.).Proxy etc.Shareholders who vote in advance by proxy must enclose a written and dated proxy together with the completed voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority must be enclosed as well.If a shareholder is represented by a proxy at the venue  a written and dated proxy  as well as a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority  should be sent by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm well in advance of the general meeting and must otherwise be brought to the general meeting.A proxy form is available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting/Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman for the general meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting register.4. Approval of the agenda for the general meeting.5. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes.6. Determination whether the general meeting has been duly convened.7. Presentation by the CEO.8. Presentation of the annual report and the Auditor's report  as well as the consolidated annual report and the Auditor's report for the group  and the Auditor's report regarding compliance with the applicable Executive Remuneration Policy.9. Resolution ona. the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. allocation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet  and record date for distribution of profits; andc. discharge from liability for members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.10. Presentation of the Board of Directors' remuneration report for approval.11. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the general meeting as well as the number of Auditors and deputy Auditors.12. Determination of compensation to the Board of Directors and the Auditors.13. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors  other members and deputy members of the Board  as well as Auditors and deputy Auditors.14. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2The Nomination Committee proposes that Dennis Jönsson  Chairman of the Board of Directors  is appointed Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 (b)The Board of Directors proposes a distribution of profits in an amount of SEK 7 50 per share for 2023. Record date for the right to receive dividend is proposed to be April 29  2024. If the general meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to pay the dividend on May 3  2024.Item 11 -13The Nomination Committee proposes as follows.Item 11: The number of Board members  elected by the general meeting  is proposed to consist of nine elected members with no deputies. Both the number of Auditors and the number of deputy Auditors are proposed to be two.Item 12: The compensation to the Board of Directors is proposed to be SEK 7 490 000 (SEK 7 150 000). The compensation is to be distributed among the members of the Board who are elected by the general meeting and not employed by the company  as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors SEK 2 050 000(SEK 1 950 000)Other members of the Board of Directors SEK 680 000(SEK 650 000)In addition to the above proposed compensation  it is also proposed that additional compensation shall be distributed to the elected members of the Board who also hold a position in any of the Committees as follows below:Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Audit Committee SEK 325 000(SEK 300 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Audit Committee SEK 160 000(SEK 150 000) Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 80 000(SEK 75 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Remuneration Committee SEK 80 000(SEK 75 000)Bracketed figures refer to compensation for year 2023.Compensation to the Auditors is proposed to be paid as per approved invoice.Item 13: The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Anna Müller  Dennis Jönsson  Finn Rausing  Henrik Lange  Jörn Rausing  Lilian Fossum Biner  Nadine Crauwels  Ray Mauritsson and Ulf Wiinberg.The Nominating Committee further proposes that Dennis Jönsson is re-appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Nominating Committee's proposals above concerns elections for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2025.Further information on the proposed Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement are available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ under information regarding the Board of Directors and the Annual General Meeting 2024.In accordance with the Remuneration Committee's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that the authorized public accountant Andreas Troberg is re-elected  and that the authorized public accountant Hanna Fehland is elected as the company's Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2025. The Nomination Committee further proposes that the authorized public accountants Henrik Jonzén and Andreas Mast are re-elected as the company's deputy Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the 2025 Annual General Meeting.Available documentsIn connection with the publication of the notice for the Annual General Meeting  the Nomination Committee's proposals and its reasoned statement  will be held available on the company's website  https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/annual-general-meeting/ . The annual report and other basis for the resolutions will be available on the company's website  no later than April 4  2024.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company is 413 326 315. All shares are of the same class.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the Board of Directors considers that this is possible without significant harm to the company  give information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the company's processing of personal data and shareholders rights  please see the Privacy Policy at: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf or contact the company at the following email address: dataprivacy@alfalaval.com.__________________________Lund  March 2024ALFA LAVAL AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsMEDIA CONTACT:Beata Ardhe+46 709 36 65 26beata.ardhe@alfalaval.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/alfa-laval/r/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab--publ- c3948666The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/905/3948666/2681098.pdf Notice to attend AGM 2024 in Alfa Laval AB (publ)View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab-publ-302094532.htmlSOURCE Alfa Laval,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'accompanying advisor(s', 'second banking day', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'corporate registration number', 'voting right registration', 'advance voting form', 'postal voting', 'CEO presentation', 'ample time', 'Bank-ID verification', 'other additions', 'legal entity', 'special form', 'cast vote', 'advance vote', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'Further instructions', 'special instructions', 'equivalent certificate', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'latest April', 'proxy form', 'anmalan.vpc', 'shareholders', 'office', 'Lund', 'notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'CET', 'Stadshallen', 'Stortorget', 'Coffee', 'venue', 'website', 'alfalaval', 'investors', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'person', 'Notification', 'Friday', '9: 00 a', 'euroclearproxy', 'state', 'name', 'address', 'procedures', 'annual-general-meeting', 'information', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'item', 'question', 'Monday', '9.00 a', 'written', 'dated', 'incorporation', 'authority', '4.00', '3.30', '3.00']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37835,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STORA-ENSO-OYJ-120787570/news/Resolutions-by-Stora-Enso-Oyj-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-the-organising-meeting-of-the-Board-of-Di-46244670/,Resolutions by Stora Enso Oyj's Annual General Meeting and the organising meeting of the Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com) STORA ENSO OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 March 2024 at 18:15 EET  HELSINKI  March 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Stora Enso Oyj's Annual General Meeting was held on 20 March 2024 at Marina Congress Center in Helsinki  Finland. The AGM adopte…,"STORA ENSO OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 March 2024 at 18:15 EETHELSINKI  March 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Stora Enso Oyj's (""Stora Enso"" or the ""Company"") Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") was held on 20 March 2024 at Marina Congress Center in Helsinki  Finland. The AGM adopted the accounts for 2023  adopted the remuneration report for 2023 through an advisory resolution and granted the Company's Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer discharge from liability for the period.Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  that the Company shall distribute a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share for the year 2023.The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment  22 March 2024  are recorded in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy or in the separate register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB for Euroclear Sweden registered shares. Dividends payable for Euroclear Sweden registered shares will be forwarded by Euroclear Sweden AB and paid in Swedish crown. Dividends payable to ADR holders will be forwarded by Citibank N.A. and paid in US dollars. The dividend shall be paid on or about 4 April 2024.In addition  the AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  that the Board of Directors is authorised to decide at its discretion on the payment of an additional dividend up to a maximum of EUR 0.20 per share. Based on the authorisation  it is also possible to resolve on distributing the additional dividend in one or several instalments. The authorisation is valid until 31 December 2024. The Company will publish possible resolutions of the Board of Directors on dividend payments and confirm the record and payment dates of the dividend payments in connection with such resolutions.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  that the Board of Directors shall have eight (8) members.The AGM further resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  to re-elect the current members of the Board of Directors – Håkan Buskhe  Elisabeth Fleuriot  Helena Hedblom  Astrid Hermann  Kari Jordan  Christiane Kuehne  and Richard Nilsson – as members of the Board of Directors until the end of the following AGM and to elect Reima Rytsölä as a new member of the Board of Directors for the same term of office.In accordance with the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  the AGM resolved to elect Kari Jordan as Chair of the Board of Directors and Håkan Buskhe as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  that the annual remuneration for the Board of Directors be paid as follows:Chair EUR 215 270 (2023: 209 000)Vice Chair EUR 121 540 (2023: 118 000)Members EUR 83 430 (2023: 81 000)The AGM also resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board that the annual remuneration for the members of the Board of Directors  be paid in Company shares and cash so that 40% is paid in Stora Enso R shares to be purchased on the Board members' behalf from the market at a price determined in public trading  and the rest in cash. The shares will be purchased within two weeks of the publication of the interim report for the period 1 January 2024–31 March 2024 or as soon as possible thereafter in accordance with applicable legislation. The Company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of Company shares.The AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  that the annual remuneration for the Board committees be paid as follows:Financial and Audit CommitteeChair EUR 23 278 (2023: 22 600)Members EUR 16 377 (2023: 15 900)People and Culture CommitteeChair EUR 11 639 (2023: 11 300)Members EUR 7 004 (2023: 6 800)Sustainability and Ethics CommitteeChair EUR 11 639 (2023: 11 300)Members EUR 7 004 (2023: 6 800)Election and remuneration of the auditorThe AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  to elect PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as auditor until the end of the Company's next AGM. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the Company that Samuli Perälä  APA  will act as the principally responsible auditor.PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy will also act as the sustainability reporting assurance provider of the Company until the end of the Company's next AGM.The AGM also resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  that the remuneration for the auditor shall be paid based on an invoice approved by the Financial and Audit Committee. The auditor will also be paid remuneration for services rendered for sustainability reporting assurance services based on an invoice approved by the Financial and Audit Committee.Board authorisations to decide on the repurchase and issuance of sharesIn accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  the AGM resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of Stora Enso R shares as follows:The amount of R shares to be repurchased shall not exceed 2 000 000 R shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.25% of all shares and 0.33% of all R shares in the Company. Own R shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). Own R shares can be repurchased using the unrestricted equity of the Company at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price determined by the markets.Own R shares may be repurchased primarily in order to use the shares as part of the Company's incentive and remuneration scheme. The repurchased shares may be held for reissue  cancelled  or transferred further. The Board of Directors decides on all other matters related to the repurchase of own R shares.In accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  the AGM also resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of Stora Enso R shares as follows:The amount of R shares to be issued based on this authorisation shall not exceed a total of 2 000 000 R shares  corresponding to approximately 0.25% of all shares and 0.33% of all R shares. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new R shares as well as the transfer of own shares held by the Company.The issuance of R shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights for the purpose of using the R shares as part of the Company's incentive and remuneration scheme. The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions of a share issue.The authorisations are effective until the beginning of the next AGM  however  no longer than until 31 July 2025 and they revoke the authorisations given by the AGM on 16 March 2023.Resolutions by the organising meeting of the Board of DirectorsRichard Nilsson (Chair)  Elisabeth Fleuriot and Astrid Hermann were elected members of the Financial and Audit Committee.Kari Jordan (Chair)  Håkan Buskhe and Reima Rytsölä were elected members of the People and Culture Committee.Christiane Kuehne (Chair)  Helena Hedblom and Richard Nilsson were elected members of the Sustainability and Ethics Committee.The Board of Directors assessed the independence of its members and concluded that the members are independent of the Company and its major shareholders  with the exception of Håkan Buskhe  Richard Nilsson and Reima Rytsölä. Håkan Buskhe is independent of the company but not of its significant shareholders due to his position as the CEO of FAM AB. Richard Nilsson is independent of the company but not of its significant shareholders due to his employment at FAM AB. Reima Rytsölä is independent of the Company but not independent of its major shareholders due to his position as CEO of Solidium Oy.For further information  please contact:Anna-Lena ÅströmSVP Investor Relationstel. +46 70 210 7691Part of the global bioeconomy  Stora Enso is a leading provider of renewable products in packaging  biomaterials and wooden construction  and one of the largest private forest owners in the world. We create value with our low-carbon and recyclable fiber-based products  through which we support our customers in meeting the demand for renewable sustainable products. Stora Enso has approximately 20 000 employees and our sales in 2023 were EUR 9.4 billion. Stora Enso shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy (STEAV  STERV) and Nasdaq Stockholm AB (STE A  STE R). In addition  the shares are traded in the USA OTC Markets (OTCQX) as ADRs and ordinary shares (SEOAY  SEOFF  SEOJF). storaenso.com/investorsSTORA ENSO OYJContact:For further information  please contact:Anna-Lena ÅströmSVP Investor Relationstel. +46 70 210 7691This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/stora-enso-oyj/r/resolutions-by-stora-enso-oyj-s-annual-general-meeting-and-the-organising-meeting-of-the-board-of-di c3949252View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/resolutions-by-stora-enso-oyjs-annual-general-meeting-and-the-organising-meeting-of-the-board-of-directors-302094923.htmlSOURCE Stora Enso Oyj",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Stora Enso Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'organising meeting', 'Resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chief Executive Officer discharge', 'OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'sustainability reporting assurance provider', 'sustainability reporting assurance services', 'Euroclear Sweden registered shares', 'Company"") Annual General Meeting', 'Stora Enso R shares', 'Stora Enso Oyj', 'Marina Congress Center', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Citibank N.A.', 'Håkan Buskhe', 'Reima Rytsölä', 'Samuli Perälä', 'Culture Committee Chair', 'Ethics Committee Chair', 'Audit Committee Chair', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", ""Board members' behalf"", ""shareholders' register"", 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'Vice Chair', 'balance sheet', 'separate register', 'Swedish crown', 'ADR holders', 'US dollars', 'several instalments', 'Elisabeth Fleuriot', 'Helena Hedblom', 'Astrid Hermann', 'Kari Jordan', 'Christiane Kuehne', 'Richard Nilsson', 'new member', 'same term', 'annual remuneration', 'public trading', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'applicable legislation', 'Company shares', 'Board committees', 'additional dividend', 'dividend payments', 'remuneration report', 'advisory resolution', 'record date', 'possible resolutions', 'payment dates', 'following AGM', 'next AGM', 'eight (8) members', 'current members', 'Financial and', 'The Company', 'responsible auditor', 'The AGM', 'March', '18:15 EET', 'HELSINKI', 'PRNewswire', 'accounts', 'Directors', 'liability', 'period', 'profit', 'accordance', 'proposal', 'year', 'Dividends', '4 April', 'discretion', 'maximum', 'authorisation', 'one', '31 December', 'connection', 'Composition', 'cash', 'market', 'rest', 'publication', '1 January', 'costs', 'transfer', 'tax', 'purchase', 'People', 'Election', 'APA', 'invoice']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37836,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KINDRED-GROUP-PLC-25532203/news/Kindred-Notice-to-Kindred-Group-plc-AGM-46239567/,Kindred : Notice to Kindred Group plc AGM -March 20  2024 at 05:14 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)      English                  Published: 2024-03-20 09:00:00 CET ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KINDRED-GROUP-PLC-25532203/news/Kindred-Notice-to-Kindred-Group-plc-AGM-46239567/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_co…,"Published: 2024-03-20 09:00:00 CET Kindred Group plcNotice to general meeting Notice to Kindred Group plc AGM NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (""AGM"") of Kindred Group plc (C 39017) (the ""Company"") will be held on Friday26 April2024 at 10:00 CEST at Kindred's office  Regeringsgatan 25  Stockholm  Sweden. Notice to holders of Swedish Depository Receipts (""SDRs"") Holders of SDRs who wish to exercise their voting right at the AGM must: (i) be registered in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB byTuesday 16 April2024(the ""Record Date"");and (ii) no later thanFriday 19 April202423:59 CETeither register their intention to attend the AGM  or exercise their voting rights  by following the linkhttps://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  and clicking through to Kindred Group  and logging in with BankID. BankID can also be used when voting on behalf of someone else. Alternatively  voting rights can be exercised by sending a signed proxy form  which form can be found onhttps://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxyorwww.kindredgroup.com/AGM  and send this by post or courier to Kindred Group  c/o EuroclearSweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm to be receivedno later thanFriday 19 April2024. Requirement (i): Holders of SDRs whose holding is registered in the name of a nominee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the AGM (by proxy or in person)  temporarily register their SDRs in their own name in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by the Record Date. Such holders must well before that day contact their custodian bank or brokerage to request that their holding be temporarily registered in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB before the Record Date. Requirement (ii): When submitting votes via regular mail or courier the proxy needs to be accompanied by supporting documentation showing the undersigned person(s) authority to vote on behalf of the SDR holder. The proxy and any power of attorney need to be submitted in original. Votes submitted in this manner must be received by Euroclear no later thanFriday 19 April2024. The convening notice in full and the agenda of the shareholders meeting together with other AGM papers can be found on the Company's websitewww.kindredgroup.com/AGM. In the event you need assistance with  or have questions regarding  the voting procedure you can contact Euroclear via e-mail at generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com or via telephoneon +46 8 402 91 33. Please note that SDR holders cannot exercise their voting rights via these channels  they are for support purposes only . Proposed Agenda It is proposed that the AGM conducts the following business: Opening of the Meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Drawing up and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes Determination that the Meeting has been duly convened Ordinary Business To receive  consider and approve the Report of the Directors Resolution (a) and the Consolidated Financial Statements (Annual Report) prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards for the year ended 31 December 2023  together with the Report of the Auditors. To approve the remuneration report set out in pages 81-87of Resolution (b) the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. To determine the number of Board members Resolution (c) To determine the Board members' fees Resolution (d) To re-elect Evert Carlsson as a director of the Company Resolution (e) To re-elect James H. Gemmel as a director of the Company Resolution (f) To re-elect Heidi Skogster as a director of the Company Resolution (g) To re-elect C édric Boireau as a director fo the Company Resolution (h) To re-elect Jonas Jansson as a director of the Company Resolution (i) To re-elect Andy McCue as a director of the Company Resolution (j) To re-elect Martin Randel as a director of the Company Resoluon (k) To re-elect Kenneth Shea as a director of the Company Resolution (l) To appoint the Chairman of the Board Resolution (m) To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers as auditors of the Resolution (n) Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and to authorise and empower the Board of Directors to determine their remuneration  and upon the lapse of their term of office  appoint KPMG as auditors of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 and to authorise and empower the Board of Directors to determine their remuneration To approve the guidelines for how the Nomination Committee Resolution (o) shall be appointed Closing of the meeting Information about proposals relating to Agenda items Agenda item 2 The Nomination Committee proposes that attorney Johan Thiman (White & Case)  or anyone he appoints in his stead  is elected Chairman of the AGM. Agenda item 7 The 2023 Annual Report was finalised and signed on 13 March 2024 and reflects events up to that date. Agenda item 8 The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approves the remuneration report on pages 81-87 of the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. Agenda item 9 The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors should consist of eight Directors. Agenda item 10 The Nomination Committee proposes that a total fee of maximum GBP 806 00 (2023: GBP 861 500) be paid to Directors re-elected at the AGM  who are not employees of the Company. The total fee is subject to that all the committees of the Board - the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee - should consist of three or four members each and should be chaired by one of its members. It is proposed that a fee of GBP 200 000 (2023: GBP 200 000) be paid to the Chairman of the Board. Furthermore  it is proposed that a fee of GBP 66 000 (2023: GBP 66 000) be paid to each other Director  and an additional total of GBP 78 000 (2023: GBP 78 000) be paid for Audit Committee work and an additional total of GBP 45 000 (2023: GBP 45 000) for Remuneration Committee work. An additional GBP 10 500 (2023: GBP 10 500) should be paid to each Chairman of the two Committees. Agenda items 11-18 CVs for the current Directors are to be found on pages 60-62 in the Kindred Group plc Annual Report for 2023 and on the Company's website. Agenda item 19 The Nomination Committee proposes that Evert Carlsson is re-appointed as the Chairman of the Board. Agenda item 20 The Nomination Committee proposed that PricewaterhouseCoopers are re-appointed as auditors of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and that the Board of Directors is authorised and empowered to fix their remuneration  and upon the lapse of their term of office  KPMG are appointed as auditors of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 and that the Board of Directors is authorised and empowered to fix their remuneration. The term of office of PricewaterhouseCoopers  as statutory auditors of the Company  shall expire following the audit of the Company's financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024. In terms of Article 1 of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public interest entities and repealing Commission Directive 2005/909/EC (the ""Regulation"")  neither the initial engagement of a particular statutory auditor or audit firm  nor this in combination with any renewed engagements therewith  shall exceed a maximum duration of 10 years. Given that PricewaterhouseCoopers have been appointed as auditors of the Company for the past 10 years since its securities have been admitted to listing and trading on Nasdaq Stockholm  in advance of such expiration  the Company commenced the process to fill such vacancy and appoint an auditor of the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Regulation. In line with the provisions of Article 16 of the Regulation and Article 151A of the Companies Act (Chapter 386 of the laws of Malta)  following the conclusion of a competitive tender process  the Audit Committee recommended to the Directors the appointment of KPMG as the auditors of the Company  commencing with effect from the financial year ended 31 December 2025. Such recommendation was made by the Audit Committee after having taken into consideration a number of important factors  including but not limited to price / commercials; knowledge and understanding of the Company's business model and presence in Malta. On the basis of the competitive tender process and the recommendation submitted to the Directors by the Audit Committee  the Directors have proceeded by recommending to the shareholders of the Company to re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers as statutory auditors of the Company at the forthcoming AGM for the financial year ended 31 December 2024  and  upon the lapse of their term of office  the appointment of KPMG as statutory auditors of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2025. In order to ensure an orderly handover of the statutory audit process  it is being contemplated that KPMG will shadow the audit conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers for the financial year ended 31 December 2024. The Directors are also proposing that once PricewaterhouseCoopers and KPMG respectively are appointed as auditors of the Company  the Directors are authorised to determine their respective remuneration. Agenda item 21 Guidelines for the Nomination Committee appointment The Nomination Committee proposes that the AGM resolves that the Nomination Committee shall continue to consist of not less than four but no more than five members. Taking into account the offer from FDJ and its acceptance period  the Nomination Committee proposes that the AGM decides that the Nomination Committee should continue to function in its incumbent composition until the end of the acceptance period of FDJ's offer  November 2024  and that only then and if so necessary shall a new Nomination Committee be appointed. Should that be the case  the members of the Nomination Committee shall represent all shareholders and be appointed by the largest shareholders at the end of November 2024 having expressed their willingness to participate in the Nomination Committee. Should any of these shareholders appoint the Chairman of the Board of Directors to the Nomination Committee  the Nomination Committee shall consist of five members. Otherwise  the Chairman of the Board shall be adjunct to the Nomination Committee. The other members shall be appointed by each of the subsequent largest shareholders expressing their willingness to participate in the Nomination Committee  within one week after they have been so asked. At the appointment of a member to the Nomination Committee  it shall be stated which shareholder that has appointed the member in question. Should a shareholder waive its right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  the opportunity to appoint a member shall be passed to the following largest shareholder which has already not appointed a member to the Nomination Committee. The members of the Nomination Committee shall appoint the Chair among themselves. The Chairman of the Board shall not chair the Nomination Committee. The names of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be announced before the end of 2024. Shareholders who have appointed a member to the Nomination Committee have the right to dismiss that member and appoint a new member. Should a member of the Nomination Committee leave his/her assignment prematurely and if the Nomination Committee deems appropriate  a new member shall be appointed by the shareholder who appointed the resigning member or  if the company shareholding structure has changed  by the shareholder who at that point in time has the largest shareholding in the Company. No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. However  the Nomination Committee shall have the right to engage outside expertise and consultancy services related to its assignments and to ensure their imbursement by the Company. The Company's Annual Report in English for the financial year ended 31December 2023 together with other documents relating to the AGM are available on the Company's websitewww.kindredgroup.com. -oOo- For information on how personal data is processed please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf By order of the Board Kindred Group plc Malta  20 March 2024 About Kindred GroupKindred Group is one of the world's leading online gambling operators with business across Europe  North America and Australia  offering over 30 million customers across 9 brands a great form of entertainment in a safe  fair and sustainable environment. The company  which employs approximately 2 500 people  is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Large Cap and is a member of the European Gaming and Betting Association (EGBA) and founding member of IBIA (International Betting Integrity Association). Kindred Group is audited and certified by eCOGRA for compliance with the 2014 EU Recommendation on Consumer Protection and Responsible Gambling (2014/478/EU). Read more on www.kindredgroup.com. Nasdaq Stockholm  KIND-SDBAttachments:03198129.pdfThis news release was distributed by Company News System  www.nasdaqomxnordic.com/news/marketnoticesTo subscribe on regulatory news from this company  go to the subscription page",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.89,0.06,True,English,"['Kindred Group plc', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'March', '05', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'CET Kindred Group plc', ""Board members' fees Resolution"", 'Agenda items Agenda item', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'James H. Gemmel', 'C édric Boireau', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Nomination Committee Resolution', 'attorney Johan Thiman', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Board members Resolution', 'The 2023 Annual Report', 'other AGM papers', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'general meeting Notice', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'agenda Election', 'EuroclearSweden AB', 'Board Resolution', 'voting right', 'anmalan.vpc', 'custodian bank', 'supporting documentation', 'SDR holder', 'voting procedure', 'support purposes', 'following business', 'voting list', 'minutes Determination', 'Ordinary Business', 'Evert Carlsson', 'Heidi Skogster', 'Jonas Jansson', 'Andy McCue', 'Martin Randel', 'Kenneth Shea', 'financial year', 'Meeting Election', 'convening notice', 'Record Date', 'Company Resolution', 'Company Resoluon', 'regular mail', 'Such holders', 'Directors Resolution', 'remuneration report', 'Friday26 April2024', 'two person', 'AGM NOTICE', 'proxy form', '10:00 CEST', 'office', 'Regeringsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'SDRs', 'register', 'byTuesday', 'thanFriday', 'April202423', 'intention', 'linkhttps', 'euroclearproxy', 'BankID', 'behalf', 'someone', 'kindredgroup', 'post', 'courier', 'Box', 'Requirement', 'holding', 'name', 'nominee', 'brokerage', 'votes', 'authority', 'power', 'original', 'manner', 'full', 'shareholders', 'websitewww', 'event', 'assistance', 'questions', 'generalmeetingservice', 'telephone', 'channels', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'accordance', 'Auditors', 'pages', 'number', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'lapse', 'KPMG', 'guidelines', 'Information', 'proposals', 'White', 'Case', 'stead', '13 March', '31 Dece', '101']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37837,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/EU-to-give-Ukraine-3-billion-euros-of-profits-per-year-from-Russia-assets-46245452/,EU to give Ukraine 3 billion euros of profits per year from Russia assets,(marketscreener.com) The European Commission proposed on Wednesday transferring to Ukraine profits of 2.5 to 3 billion euros per year generated by Russian central bank assets frozen in Europe after Moscow invaded Ukraine in 2022.https://www.marketscreener.com…,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission proposed on Wednesday transferring to Ukraine profits of 2.5 to 3 billion euros ($2.7-3.3 billion) per year generated by Russian central bank assets frozen in Europe after Moscow invaded Ukraine in 2022.Ninety percent will be channelled through the European Peace Facility fund to buy weapons for Ukraine. The rest will be used for recovery and reconstruction.The exact amount available for Kyiv each year will depend on global interest rates as the profits are the returns on some 210 billion euros of Russian central bank assets held in various currencies in the 27-nation EU.On top of these profits  Ukraine will also receive every year the 25% tax that the Belgian government puts on the profits. For 2024  this is expected to amount to 1.7 billion euros  of which 1.5 billion euros will be paid this year.The total financial contribution for Ukraine from frozen Russian assets in the EU will therefore total 4.0-4.5 billion euros this year.Once the Commission proposal is approved by EU governments the profits are set aside for Ukraine twice a year  with a first tranche already in July.The Russian assets are held by EU central securities depositories  mainly Belgium's Euroclear  which will keep 3% for operational expenses and temporarily retain 10% of the profits as a safeguard against legal action by Russia.The amount temporarily retained might be raised if needed  the Commission said. After the war  all the money  unless used to cover legal claims by Moscow  will be passed to Ukraine.European Commission Executive Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis said Russia was being held to account for the massive damage it had caused.""Our proposal will redirect substantial windfall revenues from frozen Russian state assets for the benefit of Ukraine and its people  to the tune of up to 3 billion euros a year "" he said.Dombrovskis said the EU had coordinated its move with the G7 countries - the United States  Canada  Britain and Japan.The EU proposal does not envisage  for now  the confiscation of the capital of the Russian assets  only the use of the profits they generate.Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal said Kyiv expected the EU and G7 countries  which together hold the equivalent of some 260 billion euros of frozen Russian assets  to take a further step and to confiscate the capital itself.""We insist on the full confiscation or other use of all frozen assets... Europe and the world need an effective precedent for making the aggressor pay a heavy price for the destruction it has caused in Ukraine "" he told a news conference in Brussels.($1 = 0.9227 euros)(Additional reporting by Andrew Gray; Reporting by Jan Strupczewski; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)By Jan Strupczewski",neutral,0.14,0.82,0.04,negative,0.04,0.37,0.59,True,English,"['3 billion euros', 'Russia assets', 'Ukraine', 'profits', 'year', 'Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal', 'European Commission Executive Vice President', 'European Peace Facility fund', 'EU central securities depositories', 'Russian central bank assets', 'The European Commission', 'global interest rates', 'total financial contribution', 'substantial windfall revenues', 'Russian state assets', '2.5 to 3 billion euros', 'Russian assets', 'frozen assets', 'Commission proposal', '210 billion euros', '1.7 billion euros', '1.5 billion euros', '4.5 billion euros', '260 billion euros', 'Ninety percent', 'various currencies', 'Belgian government', 'first tranche', 'operational expenses', 'legal action', 'legal claims', 'massive damage', 'G7 countries', 'United States', 'effective precedent', 'heavy price', 'news conference', 'Andrew Gray', 'Jan Strupczewski', 'Philip Blenkinsop', '27-nation EU', 'EU governments', 'EU proposal', 'exact amount', 'Valdis Dombrovskis', 'full confiscation', 'other use', 'Additional reporting', '0.9227 euros', 'BRUSSELS', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'Ukraine', 'profits', 'year', 'Moscow', 'weapons', 'recovery', 'reconstruction', 'Kyiv', 'returns', 'top', '25% tax', 'July', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', 'safeguard', 'war', 'money', 'benefit', 'people', 'tune', 'move', 'Canada', 'Britain', 'Japan', 'capital', 'equivalent', 'step', 'world', 'aggressor', 'destruction', '4.0']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37838,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLID-FORSAKRINGSAKTIEBOL-129825057/news/Solid-Forsakringsaktiebolag-NOTICE-TO-ATTEND-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-46239352/,Solid Försäkringsaktiebolag : NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING -March 20  2024 at 04:50 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)      English   Swedish                   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLID-FORSAKRINGSAKTIEBOL-129825057/news/Solid-Forsakringsaktiebolag-NOTICE-TO-ATTEND-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-46239352/?ut…,"Published: 2024-03-20 09:30:00 CET Solid FörsäkringsaktiebolagNotice to general meeting NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The shareholders of Solid Försäkringsaktiebolag (publ) are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting (AGM) on Thursday  25 April 2024 at 4:00 p.m. at Landskronavägen 23 in Helsingborg  Sweden. Registration begins at 3:30 p.m. NOTICE  ETC. Shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting shall be entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") on Wednesday  17 April 2024 (the ""Record Date"")  andgive notice of their attendance to the company no later than on Friday  19 April 2024. Notice of attendance is made on the company's website  https://corporate.solidab.se/en   by phone +46 8 402 58 77 (Monday-Friday  9:00 a.m.-4:00 p.m.)  by mail to Solid Försäkringsaktiebolag  ""Annual General Meeting"" c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  PO Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. The notification must specify the shareholder's complete name  personal identity number or company registration number  the number of shares held by the shareholder  address  telephone number during work hours and  when applicable  information on the number of advisors (two at the most). Nominee-registered sharesShareholders who have nominee-registered shares through the bank or another nominee  for example shares in a custody account  must - aside from notifying the company of their attendance - request that the shares be temporarily re-registered in their own name so that the shareholder is entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear as per the Record Date of 17 April 2024. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and may be requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures at a time in advance as determined by the nominee.Voting rights that have been requested by shareholders in such a time that registration has been completed by the nominee by Friday  19 April 2024 at the latest will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register as per the Record Date. PROXY  ETC.In case the shareholder is to be represented by a proxy  the proxy must bring a written power of attorney  which is dated and duly signed by the shareholder  to the meeting. The validity term of the power of attorney may not be more than one year  unless a longer validity term is specifically stated in the power of attorney (however at the longest five years). If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  or if the shareholder is represented by a legal representative  a copy of the current registration certificate or equivalent authorisation document is required for the legal entity. In order to facilitate entrance at the meeting  a copy of the power of attorney and other authorisation documents should preferably be attached to the shareholder's notification to participate in the AGM. A template power of attorney is available at the company's website (https://corporate.solidab.se/en) and will be sent to shareholders who requests it and state address. PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons to check and verify the minutes.6. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting was duly convened.7. Address by the CEO.8. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Auditor's Report.9. Resolutions on:a) adoption of income statement and balance sheetb) allocation of the company's earnings as stated in the adopted balance sheet.c) discharge from liability of the members of the Board and the CEO.10. Report on the work and proposals of the Nomination Committee.11. Determination of the number of members of the Board and auditors.12. Determination of the remuneration to the Board and auditors.13. Election of members of the Board  Chairman of the Board and auditor.14. Resolution concerning instructions for Nomination Committee15. Presentation and approval of the remuneration report.16. Resolution on (A) reduction of the share capital by cancellation of shares in the company and (B) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue.17. Resolution to authorise the Board to decide on the acquisition of own shares.18. Resolution on (A) introduction of a long-term incentive programme  (B) transfer of own shares and (C) share swap agreements with third parties.19. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE Election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that the lawyer Magnus Lindstedt be elected as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting. Determination of the number of members of the Board and auditors  election of members of the Board  Chairman of the Board and auditor (items 11 and 13)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of six members. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election for a term until the next Annual General Meeting of Board members Lars Nordstrand  Fredrik Carlsson  Marita Odélius and Lisen Thulin and the election of Martina Skande and Lars Benckert as new Board members. Current Board member David Nilsson Sträng has declined re-election. The Nomination Committee proposes that Lars Nordstrand be re-elected as Chairman of the Board.Information about the proposed Board members is presented in the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement and will be published on the company's website. The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  that the company have a registered accounting firm as auditor and that the registered accounting firm Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) be re-elected as auditor for the period up until the close of the 2025 Annual General Meeting. PwC has informed the company that Authorised Public Accountant Catarina Ericsson will serve as auditor in charge if PwC is elected as auditor.Determination of the remuneration to the Board and the auditor (item 12)The Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration for ordinary Board work for the period until the close of the next Annual General Meeting be as follows: SEK 566 000 to the Chairman of the Board (SEK 550 000 in the previous year) SEK 257 000 to each of the other members of the Board (250 000 in the previous year). The Nomination Committee has furthermore proposed that remuneration for committee work for the period until the close of the next Annual General Meeting shall be as follows: SEK 100 000 to the Chairman and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee (unchanged) SEK 150 000 to the Chairman and SEK 75 000 to each of the other members of the Corporate Governance Committee (unchanged) SEK 50 000 to the Chairman and SEK 25 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee (unchanged). The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor be paid in accordance with approved invoices. Resolution concerning instructions for Nomination Committee (item 14)The Nomination Committee proposes that updated instructions for the Nomination Committee be adopted.The Nomination Committee is to be comprised of members appointed by the four largest shareholders in terms of the number of votes on the final banking day in August every year  based on shareholder information from Euroclear Sweden AB and other reliable owner information provided to the company. The term ""shareholders"" also refers to groups of shareholders identified in the Euroclear Sweden system or another reliable source and other known shareholder groups. Should any of the four largest shareholders waive their right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  the shareholder who has the next largest shareholding is granted the right to appoint a member. However  if several shareholders waive their right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  no more than the ten largest shareholders need be consulted. The majority of the Nomination Committee's members are to be independent in relation to the company and its management. At least one of the Nomination Committee's members are to be independent in relation to the largest shareholder of the company in terms of the number of votes or the group of shareholders who collaborate to manage the company. The Chairman of the Board is to convene the first meeting of the Nomination Committee. The member appointed by the largest shareholder in terms of votes is to be appointed Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee's mandate period remains in effect until the public release of the revised composition of the Nomination Committee. If one or more shareholders who have appointed members to the Nomination Committee have significantly reduced their shareholding during the mandate period  the Nomination Committee shall  taking into account  inter alia  the time remaining until the Annual General Meeting and the progress of the Nomination Committee's work  assess and decide whether the member appointed by such a shareholder should be dismissed. If so  the Nomination Committee shall also decide that the next largest shareholder or shareholders shall be entitled to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  provided that such a request for representation has been submitted to the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. If a member leaves the Nomination Committee before its work is completed  and the Nomination Committee deems it suitable to appoint a replacement  the same shareholder shall name a replacement within 30 days. If this owner no longer has a shareholding entitling the shareholder to appoint a member  the right shall pass to the next largest shareholder who  in accordance with the previous paragraph  has expressed a wish to be represented on the Nomination Committee. The composition of the Nomination Committee must normally be announced no later than six months prior to the AGM. No remuneration shall be paid to members of the Nomination Committee. Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee shall immediately be publicised. The company is liable for any potentially necessary expenses related to the work of the Nomination Committee. In the event that the Nomination Committee is at any time composed of fewer than four members  the Nomination Committee shall nevertheless be competent to carry out the tasks of the Nomination Committee in accordance with these instructions. The Nomination Committee is to present proposals for the Chairman of the AGM  Board members  Board Chairman  auditors  Board fees specified by fees to the Chairman and fees to other Board members  remuneration for committee work and fees to the company's auditors. Furthermore  the Nomination Committee shall  if deemed necessary  present proposals on amendments to the instructions for the Nomination Committee. These instructions for the Nomination Committee shall apply until a resolution to amend the instructions is made by the General Meeting. RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARD Resolution on the allocation of the company's earnings as stated in the adopted balance sheet (item 9)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a dividend of SEK 4.50 per share (in total SEK 82 838 448.00) and that the remaining available funds of SEK 346 832 293.00 (assuming that the company holds 874 978 own shares that do not entitle to dividends) be carried forward. The Record Date for the dividend is proposed to be Monday  29 April 2024. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be paid to the shareholders via Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday  3 May 2024. The last day of trading in the company's shares including dividend rights will be Thursday  25 April 2024. Presentation and approval of the remuneration report (item 15)The Board has prepared a remuneration report for 2023 and proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the report. The remuneration report is included in the Meeting documents that are provided before the Annual General Meeting as below.Resolution on (A) reduction of the share capital by cancellation of shares in the company and (B) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue (item 16)A. Reduction of the share capital by cancellation of shares in the companyThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a reduction of the share capital  for allocation to non-restricted equity to be used for a bonus issue in accordance with item B below  by cancellation of 806 169 own shares repurchased within the framework of the company's share buy-back programme  whereby the share capital will be reduced by SEK 1 254 183.234785.B. Increase of the share capital through a bonus issueIn order to restore the share capital after the reduction of the share capital in accordance with item A above  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting at the same time resolves to increase the share capital by SEK 1 254 183.234785 through a bonus issue without issuing new shares  whereby the reduction amount shall be transferred from non-restricted equity.As a statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  the Board states the following. The effect of the Board's proposal for a resolution to reduce the share capital in accordance with item A above is that the share capital and restricted equity will decrease by SEK 1 254 183.234785. The effect of the Board's proposal for a resolution to increase the share capital through a bonus issue in accordance with item B above is that the share capital and restricted equity will increase by SEK 1 254 183.234785 and thereby be restored to the amount it amounted to prior to the reduction. All in all  the share capital or restricted equity will not decrease  which is why the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority can decide that the share capital can be reduced without the permission of the general court. The Auditor's statement in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) is included in the documentation for the Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting's resolution in accordance with the Board's proposal under items A-B above shall be made as a joint resolution. The resolution under this item presupposes and is conditional upon the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority deciding that the share capital may be reduced without the permission of the general court.The company's CEO shall be authorised to make such minor formal adjustments of the resolution as might be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB.Resolution to authorise the Board to decide on the acquisition of own shares (item 17) The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to carry out purchases of own shares on one or more occasions in the period until the next Annual General Meeting in accordance with the following conditions: Purchases of own shares may take place of a maximum of so many shares that the company's holding of own shares at any given time does not exceed five (5) per cent of all shares in the company.Purchases of own shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm in accordance with Nasdaq Stockholm's Rulebook for Issuers.Purchases of own shares may only take place at a price per share within the price range registered on Nasdaq Stockholm at any given time  by which is meant the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price  or  in the event that the Board instructs a stock exchange member on Nasdaq Stockholm to accumulate a certain amount of the company's shares in its own book during a certain time period  at a price per share within the price range at the time or the corresponding volume-weighted average price.Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the authorisation is to give the Board an instrument to continuously adapt and improve the company's capital structure and thereby create additional value for the shareholders  and to enable transfers of shares to the participants of the long-term incentive programme resolved by the Annual General Meeting. The intention for the shares that are repurchased and that are not attributable to future delivery of shares in relation to long-term incentive programmes is to finally be cancelled by resolutions at future general meetings.Resolution on (A) introduction of a long-term incentive programme  (B) transfer of own shares and (C) share swap agreements with third parties (item 18)The Board of the company proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive programme (""LTIP 2024"") for selected persons in the management team and a key employee according to the terms in item (A) below. In item 17 above on the agenda and in item (B) below there is a proposal to authorise the Board to resolve on acquisition of own shares and on transfer of own shares. In item (C) below  there is an alternative proposal for a hedging measure regarding LTIP 2024 in the form of a share swap agreement. The resolution on LTIP 2024 under item (A) below shall be conditional upon the Annual General Meeting also resolving on any of the proposed alternative hedging measures for delivery of shares to the participants in LTIP 2024  i.e.  either under item 17 on the agenda and item (B) below or under item (C) below. Furthermore  the resolutions under items (B) and (C) below are conditional upon the General Meeting resolving on LTIP 2024 under item (A) below.A. Resolution to introduce a long-term incentive programmeMotive and background to the proposalThe company's 2023 Annual General Meeting resolved on a long-term performance-based incentive programme. The Board evaluated the former incentive programmes and has found that they have worked well. Accordingly  in accordance with the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee  the Board has decided to propose a similar incentive programme this year. The aim is to be able to offer attractive remuneration opportunities that are in line with the company's and the shareholders' interests  while the forms of remuneration encourage sound behaviour and a risk-based approach. In line with this  LTIP 2024 is proposed to be implemented  which is a performance-based incentive programme where participants in the programme (""Participants"") will have the opportunity to receive remuneration consisting of a combined portion of shares and cash. The size of the remuneration  within the framework of its maximum level  is dependent on the achievement of the predetermined performance goals.Terms of LTIP 2024The programme in summaryLTIP 2024 extends over a period of a total of four (4) years where  as soon as possible after this Annual General Meeting  an amount is determined corresponding to the respective Participant's maximum value outcome prior to initial allocation (""Gross Performance Amount""). For the key employee (the company's actuary) the Gross Performance Amount corresponds to 70 per cent of the actuary's total fixed annual remuneration before tax (according to the salary level as of 1 January 2024) and for the other Participants  the Gross Performance Amount corresponds to 100 per cent of the respective Participant's total fixed annual remuneration before tax (according to the salary level as of 1 January 2024). The period for performance fulfilment extends over the 2024 financial year (""Performance Period"") and when the end of the Performance Period has passed  the initial outcome for each Participant is determined based on the fulfilment of the goals within the framework of the respective Gross Performance Amount.The outcome partly consists of cash that is paid out to the Participants after the initial outcome has been determined at the end of the Performance Period  and partly conditional share rights (""Performance Shares""). The Performance Shares entitle the Participants to  after a qualification period of a total of three (3) years from the allotment of the Performance Shares (the ""Qualification Period"")  receive ordinary shares in the company free of charge. The distribution between cash and shares is 20/80  i.e.  20 per cent in cash and 80 per cent in shares. Note  however  that according to the proposed resolution  there are possibilities to make risk adjustments of the final outcome after the Qualification Period  taking into account both current and future risks. It may therefore be decided that the final outcome should be adjusted down partially or completely in accordance with the regulations that the company must follow. Note that any adjustments to the initial outcome may only apply to the Performance Shares and not the cash part.Participants  cash payment and allotment of Performance SharesA total of eight (8) persons are intended to be offered participation in LTIP 2024. Distribution based on category is displayed in the table below. The maximum allotment of the number of Performance Shares in case of full goal fulfilment is dependent on the respective Participant's fixed remuneration and the value of the company's share. During the first ten (10) trading days in January 2025 (the ""Measurement Period"")  the company's average volume-weighted share price (VWAP) is measured to determine the value of the share (""Translation Price"") as a basis for the number of Performance Shares to be allotted. Allotment of Performance Shares takes place as soon as possible after determination of the Translation Price and the goal fulfilment. In addition to the above  the maximum cash payment in case of full goal fulfilment is dependent on the respective Participant's fixed remuneration.The formulas:The number of Performance Shares allotted is determined according to the following formula:Number of Performance Shares = ((0.8 x Gross Performance Amount) x (Goal Fulfilment in %)) / (Translation Price).In the case of decimals  the number of Performance Shares is rounded down to the nearest whole number.The cash payment is determined according to the following formula:Cash payment = (0.2 x Gross Performance Amount) x (Goal Fulfilment in %).A minimum limit of SEK 35 has been set for the Translation Price. Should the Translation Price during the Measurement Period be set at SEK 35 or lower  the Translation Price when calculating the number of Performance Shares to be allotted will therefore be set at SEK 35. This means that a maximum of 218 814 Performance Shares can be allotted within the framework of LTIP 2024 if the Translation Price is equal to or less than SEK 35.Assuming a Translation Price of SEK 75 and a Translation Price increased by 50 per cent respectively  i.e.  SEK 112.50 and a maximum goal fulfilment for all Participants  the cash payment and the number of Performance Shares allotted will be as below. The number of Performance Shares at the lowest limit of the Translation Price  i.e.  SEK 35  is also shown in the table below to show the highest possible outcome regarding the number of Performance Shares that can be allotted per category.Participants Number of participants per category Gross performanceamount in % MaximumCash payment in SEK Maximum number of allotted Performance Shares at SEK 35 Maximum number of allotted Performance Shares at SEK 75 Maximum number of allotted Performance Shares at SEK 112.50 CEO 1 100% 552 000 63 086 29 440 19 627 CFO 1 100% 324 000 37 029 17 280 11 520 Management 5 100% 884 400 (maximum 252 000 for one participant) 101 074 (maximum 28 800 for one participant) 47 168 (maximum 13 440 for one participant) 31 445 (maximum 8 960 for one participant) Key employee 1 70% 154 224 17 626 8 225 5 484 Total 8 1 914 624 218 814 102 113 68 076The figures above are based on 19 283 522 shares outstanding.Performance goals and other termsAs mentioned above  the outcome and the size of the allotment are based on performance goal fulfilment during the Performance Period in relation to previously established performance goals. The performance goals are divided into quantitative goals and qualitative goals and there are goals set at both company and individual level and the weighting of the goals varies. Individual goals are based on relevant objectives  considering the Participants' respective roles. Evaluation of goal fulfilment takes place after the Performance Period and the allotment of Performance Shares takes place thereafter. However  the goals are evaluated based on a multi-year perspective during the Qualification Period and the final number of Performance Shares for each Participant may be reduced in whole or in part in accordance with current regulations. The Board decides unilaterally whether the number of allotted Performance Shares is to be reduced in whole or in part. The number of Performance Shares may also be reduced in whole or in part due to risk adjustment  taking into account current and future risks linked to the company's financial position and requirements for capital and liquidity. The number of Performance Shares held by each Participant may also be adjusted as a result of customary recalculation in the event of a bonus issue  share split  preferential rights issues and/or other events that normally cause recalculation. Recalculation is to be done on customary terms.The table below shows the performance goals set for the company's management and their weighting.Goals Weighting Quantitative goals 75% Total Shareholder Return (TSR) ≥0 per cent 3.8% Annual growth in premiums earned of a minimum of 5.5 per cent 15.0% Maintain a combined ratio below 89.0 per cent. 18.8% Maintain an SCR ratio of at least 150 per cent. 3.8% Increase in technical profit  excluding allocated capital return  compared to 2023 18.8% Increase in EPS compared to 2023 7.5% Increase in ROE (2)[1] compared to 2023 7.5% Qualitative goals 25% Sustainable employees ESI (Employee Satisfaction Index) for the company must amount to at least 76 at each measurement. If the ESI is in the range 65-76 during a measurement  an action plan for improvement and development must be drawn up and implemented according to schedule for the goal to be considered fulfilled. The goal is not met if ESI <65. 5.25%Two targeted activities linked to sustainable employees must be carried out annually.2.25%Sustainable non-life insurance Customer focus: Availability is to be at least 95 per cent for customer service and the claims departments. 7.5%Individual goals10%TSR is not included in the assessment for the cash payment. Other quantitative goals are therefore adjusted pro rata in relation to the cash payment.For the actuary  the difference compared to the table above is only in the weighting  where the quantitative goals are instead weighted at 60 per cent and the qualitative at 40 per cent  of which 16 per cent are individual goals. The reweighting for the actuary is done pro rata.The Performance Shares are vested on a pro rata basis during the Qualification Period. A prerequisite for vesting is that the Participant maintains his/her employment. If the employment ends during the Qualification Period  a distinction is made as to whether the employment ended as a result of a so-called ""good"" or ""bad"" leaver. In the event of a good leaver  the Participant retains all vested Performance Shares but does not continue to vest any further. In the event of a bad leaver  all Performance Shares expire. The Board establishes the definitions of good and bad leaver respectively.The Participants will be provided with a more closely defined definition for good and bad leavers together with the other detailed terms for LTIP 2024  also containing each Participant's individual goals  in agreements that each Participant will be given the opportunity to enter into as soon as possible after the Annual General Meeting. A prerequisite for participation in LTIP 2024 is that the Participant enters into the aforementioned agreement with the company.Each Performance Share held by the respective Participant after the Qualification Period gives the right to an ordinary share in the company free of charge. The shares will be transferred as soon as possible after the end of the Qualification Period.The Performance Shares cannot be transferred or pledged.The Board  or a committee specially established by the Board  shall be responsible for the detailed design and management of the terms for LTIP 2024  within the framework of the terms herein. In addition to the adjustments already mentioned which the Board shall have the right to make  e.g.  recalculation as a result of a bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other events that normally cause recalculation  as well as the right to reductions in the number of Performance Shares allotted  the Board shall also have the right to make other adjustments if there are significant changes in the company or its group or in the outside world which means that the decided terms for LTIP 2024 no longer meet the aims and motives of the proposal. This may mean that the Board may  among other things  terminate LTIP 2024 if the purposes and motives for the proposal are no longer fulfilled and decide on a cash settlement instead of a transfer of shares.Dilution  costs  effect on EPS and previously decided programmesThe maximum number of shares that may be allocated under LTIP 2024 is 218 814  corresponding to approximately 1.13 per cent of the current outstanding shares and votes in the company. The company already has an implemented warrant programme from 2021. The exercise period in that programme is between 3 March 2025 and 30 May 2025. The programme includes a maximum of 291 200 warrants  corresponding to a dilution effect of approximately 1.49 per cent in the event that all warrants are used to subscribe for shares in the company. The company also has a performance-based share programme from 2023 outstanding (LTIP 2023) for which shares may start to be delivered in early 2027. The maximum number of shares that may be allocated under LTIP 2023 is 68 809 shares  corresponding to approximately 0.36 per cent of the current outstanding shares and votes in the company. The information on the number of shares that can be issued under each programme is subject to recalculation in accordance with the customary recalculation conditions applicable to each programme.LTIP 2024 will be recognised in accordance with IFRS 2  meaning that the Performance Shares will be expensed as personnel expenses during the Qualification Period. Assuming a Translation Price of SEK 75 and SEK 112.50 respectively and full goal fulfilment by all Participants  the costs are assumed to amount to approximately SEK 9.6 million excluding social security contributions. SEK 1.9 million refers to costs for the cash payment and SEK 7.7 million refers to the accounting costs for the Performance Shares according to IFRS 2. Assuming a share price development during the Qualification Period from SEK 75 to SEK 112.50 and from SEK 112.50 to SEK 187.50 respectively  the social contribution costs for the cash payment amount to approximately SEK 0.6 million  i.e.  the social contribution costs for the cash payment are independent of the Translation Price and the share price development. Given the aforementioned scenarios  the social contribution costs for the Performance Shares are assumed to amount to approximately SEK 4.2 and 4.6 million  respectively.Based on the above assumptions  the total costs amount to approximately SEK 13.8 and 14.2 million  respectively. The effect on the key figure EPS (earnings per share) will then be a reduction corresponding to SEK 0.568 per share and SEK 0.584 per share respectively.The Board's assessment is that the positive effects of LTIP 2024 outweigh the costs related to the programme. Preparation of the proposalThe proposal for LTIP 2024 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee in consultation with external advisors and the company's Board has decided to present the proposal for a resolution by the Annual General Meeting.B. Resolution on the transfer of own sharesConditional on the Annual General Meeting deciding on the introduction of LTIP 2024 in accordance with point (A) above  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the transfer of own shares to the Participants in LTIP 2024 may take place under the following conditions: Transfer of own shares can be made to Participants who are entitled to receive shares after the Qualification Period according to what is stated under point (A) above and otherwise according to the terms of LTIP 2024.The number of shares that can be transferred amounts to a maximum of 218 814. However  the number of shares may be subject to recalculation according to the terms of LTIP 2024 in the event of a bonus issue  share split  preferential rights issue and/or other events that normally cause recalculation.Transfer of shares to the Participants will take place free of charge at the time and under the conditions that each Participant is entitled to receive shares according to the terms of LTIP 2024.The purpose of the Board's proposal and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights when transferring shares is to give the company the opportunity to transfer shares to the Participants in LTIP 2024. The Board therefore considers it beneficial for the company to transfer shares in accordance with the proposal.C. Resolution on share swap agreements with third partiesIn the event that the required majority for the proposals in accordance with item 17 on the agenda and item (B) above cannot be achieved  the Board proposes that the AGM resolves to give the company the opportunity to be able to secure the delivery of shares in accordance with LTIP 2024 by allowing the company to enter into equity swap agreements with third parties on market terms  whereby the third party in its own name shall be able to acquire and transfer shares in the company to the Participants.OTHER INFORMATION Number of shares and votesAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares in the company amounts to 19 283 522 with one vote each  thus 19 283 522 votes in total. At the time of the issuance of this notice  the company holds 874 978 own shares.Particular majority requirementsFor valid resolution by the Annual General Meeting on the proposals pursuant to item 16 (reduction of the share capital by cancellation of shares in the company and increase of the share capital through a bonus issue) and item 17 (authorisation for the Board to resolve on acquisition of own shares)  the proposals have to be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the Meeting. For a valid resolution by the Annual General Meeting on the proposal pursuant to item 18 (B) (transfer of own shares)  the proposal has to be supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the Meeting.DocumentationThe Board's complete proposed resolutions are included in the notice  with the exception of the proposal for new Articles of Association and the remuneration report  which is provided as below.The Annual Report and the Auditor's Report for 2023  the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement regarding its proposal to the Board and information about the proposed members of the Board  the instructions for the Nomination Committee  the Board's remuneration report  the Board's statements in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 and Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act and other documents for the Annual General Meeting are available  together with the proxy form  from no later than on Thursday  4 April 2024  on the company's website  https://corporate.solidab.se/en  and at the company's address  Landskronavägen 23 in Helsingborg  and will be sent to shareholders on request and state their postal or e-mail address. The documents stated above will also be available at the Annual General Meeting.To order the documents  telephone +46 8 402 58 77 (Monday-Friday  9:00 a.m.-4:00 p.m.) or e-mail GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by letter to Solid Försäkringsaktiebolag  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders' right to request informationThe Board and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board considers that it can be done without significant damage to the company  provide information on circumstances that may affectthe assessment of an item on the agenda  as well as circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's financial situation.Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may do so to Solid Försäkringsaktiebolag  Att. Sofia Andersson  Box 22068  SE-250 22 Helsingborg or may send an e-mail to sofia.andersson@solidab.se. Processing of personal dataSolid Försäkringsaktiebolag (publ) 516401-8482  with its registered office in Helsingborg  is the controller of the processing of personal data in connection with the Annual General Meeting. For information on how personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf Solid Försäkring's data protection officerE-mail: DPO@solidab.seTelephone: +46 771 113 113Address: Solid Försäkringsaktiebolag  DPO  Box 22068  SE-250 22 Helsingborg  Sweden____________________Helsingborg  March 2024SOLID FÖRSÄKRINGSAKTIEBOLAG (PUBL)THE BOARDTranslation for non-Swedish speaking shareholdersThis is a translation of the Swedish notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Solid Försäkringsaktiebolag (publ)  to be held on Thursday  25 April 2024  and which is available on https://corporate.solidab.se. [1] RoE (2) -Aggregated result after tax for the period in relation to the average adjusted equity (2). The average of the balance sheet items is calculated based on opening and closing values. Equity (2) = The total of equity and contingency reserves with deduction of assessed real deferred tax on contingency reserve. The assessed real deferred tax is calculated using the corporate tax rate for the relevant period. Attachments:Notice To Attend The Annual General Meeting 2024.pdfThis news release was distributed by Company News System  www.nasdaqomxnordic.com/news/marketnoticesTo subscribe on regulatory news from this company  go to the subscription page",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Solid Försäkringsaktiebolag', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'March', 'EDT', '04', 'CET Solid Försäkringsaktiebolag', 'longest five years', 'equivalent authorisation document', 'other authorisation documents', 'long-term incentive programme', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'The Nomination Committee', 'current registration certificate', 'longer validity term', 'personal identity number', 'voting right registration', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'NOMINATION COMMITTEE Election', 'company registration number', 'Annual Report', 'Voting rights', 'voting list', 'Such registration', 'Landskronavägen', 'share register', 'Record Date', 'PO Box', 'legal entity', 'legal representative', 'two persons', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'share capital', 'bonus issue', 'third parties', 'Magnus Lindstedt', 'telephone number', 'corporate.solidab', 'complete name', 'work hours', 'custody account', 'one year', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'written power', 'template power', 'state address', 'six members', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'remuneration report', 'ETC. Shareholders', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Helsingborg', 'Wednesday', 'attendance', 'Friday', 'website', '9:00 a', 'mail', 'SE-101', '23 Stockholm', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'notification', 'information', 'advisors', 'bank', 'example', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'preparation', 'PROXY', 'case', 'attorney', 'copy', 'order', 'entrance', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'CEO', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Board', 'proposals', 'instructions', 'reduction', 'cancellation', 'increase', 'acquisition', 'introduction', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'item', 'lawyer', '4:00', '3:30', '9.', '12.']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37839,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849529/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Rapala-VMC-Corporation.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Rapala VMC Corporation,RAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Notice to general meeting  March 20  2024 at 05:00 p.m. EET                       The shareholders of Rapala VMC Corporation......,RAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Notice to general meeting  March 20  2024 at 05:00 p.m. EETThe shareholders of Rapala VMC Corporation (“Rapala VMC” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held on Thursday 18 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EET).The meeting will be held as a remote meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Finnish Companies Act  in which shareholders fully exercise their decision-making powers by the use of telecommunications and technical means during the meeting in real time. Instructions on participation are provided in section C of this notice.The shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions on advance voting are provided in section C. 6. of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Consolidated Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2023Presentation of the CEO’s review.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendOn 31 December 2023  the company’s distributable equity totalled EUR 33 251 790 of which the net profit for the year 2023 was EUR -7 313 078.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year which ended 31 December 2023 and the loss be retained and carried further in the Company’s unrestricted equity.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 202310. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies11. Consideration of the Remuneration Policy for Governing BodiesThe remuneration policy for the governing bodies is attached to this notice of the General Meeting as Appendix 1 .12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 43.24 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company propose to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors be as follows: EUR 70 000 for the Chairman and EUR 25.000 for other members of the Board of Directors. It is proposed that Board members be paid EUR 1 000 per meeting for attendance at meetings of the Board and its committees. Board members’ remuneration will not be paid to Board members who have an employment or service contract with the Company.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 43.24 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company propose to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors be six (6).14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 43.24 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company propose to the Annual General Meeting that the current board members Emmanuel Viellard  Julia Aubertin  Vesa Luhtanen and Alexander Rosenlew be re-elected  and that Pascal Lebard and Johan Berg be elected as new members for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.Louis d’Alançon and Jorma Kasslin have notified that they are not available for re-election.The composition of the board of directors will be considered as a whole.Further information on the proposed members and their independence is available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2024.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid according to the invoice approved by the Company.16. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Public Accountants Firm Deloitte Ltd  which has informed the Company that Jenny Lindvall  APA  will serve as the responsible auditor  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.If Deloitte Ltd is elected as the auditor of the Company  it will also carry out the assurance of the Company’s sustainability reporting for the financial year 2024 in accordance with the transitional provision of the act amending the Finnish Companies Act (1252/2023) and will be imbursed for this task as per its invoice approved by the Company.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board be authorised to resolve on one or several share issues and the issue of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The total maximum number of shares to be issued under the authorisation shall be 3 900 000 shares corresponding to 10.00 per cent of all current shares in the Company as at the date of this notice. The maximum number above concerns the share issue and the issue of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation can also be used for incentive arrangements for the management and key personnel; however  no more than 900 000 shares in total may be granted for this purpose.The share issue may either be made against payment or without payment. The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to issue the shares or option rights and other special rights otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed share issue) if the Company has a weighty financial reason to do so. The directed share issue may be without payment only if the Company has an especially weighty financial reason to do so and the interests of all the Company’s shareholders are taken into consideration. The Board would be authorised to resolve on all terms and conditions of share issues and option rights and the issue of other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the Company’s own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until 30 June 2025. This authorisation will cancel the authorisation to resolve on the issuance of shares and special rights granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 29 March 2023.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to resolve  in one or several instalments  on the repurchase of a maximum of 2 000 000 of the Company’s own shares. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.13 per cent of the Company’s total number of shares as at the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting.The shares would be repurchased using the Company’s unrestricted equity  and thus  the repurchases will reduce funds available for distribution. The shares can be repurchased for developing the Company’s capital structure  for financing or carrying out corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements  to be used as a part of the Company’s remuneration or incentive plan or to be otherwise transferred further or cancelled  for example.In accordance with the resolution of the Board of Directors  the shares can also be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the shareholders as directed repurchases at the market price of the shares quoted on the trading venues where the Company’s shares are subject to public trading or at the price otherwise established on the market at the time of the repurchase. The Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on all other matters related to the repurchase of the Company’s own shares  including how the shares will be repurchased. Among other means  derivatives may be used in acquiring the shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until 30 June 2025. The authorisation will cancel the authorisation to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 29 March 2023.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe proposed resolutions above that are on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Rapala VMC Corporation’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2024.The Financial Statements  the Consolidated Financial Statement  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report  Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies for the financial year 2023 as well as the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than on 28 March 2024.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on 2 May 2024 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. The right to participateEach shareholder who is on 8 April 2024  the record date for the Annual General Meeting  registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register. If you do not have a Finnish book-entry account  see section 3. “Holder of nominee-registered shares”.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.2. RegistrationRegistration for the Annual General Meeting begins on 27 March 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder entered in the shareholders’ register of the Company whose shares are registered in the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the Annual General Meeting by 15 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EET)  by which time the registration must be received. The registration for the General Meeting can be made:a) Through the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2024.Online registration requires strong electronic identification from the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative using online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2024 no later than on 27 March 2024 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder registers for the General Meeting by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed a registration for the General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information mentioned on the form required for registration.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or possible business ID  telephone number and email address as well as the name and date of birth of the shareholder’s possible assistant and/or proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data given to Rapala VMC or Innovatics Ltd is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Ltd’s telephone number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4.00 p.m. (EET).3. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the shareholder on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 8 April 2024 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 15 April 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to contact his/her custodian bank in good time to request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from such shareholder’s custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the Company by the time stated above  and if necessary  arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to the holders of nominee-registered shares.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may also participate in the remote meeting by the use of telecommunications and technical means in real time. In addition to the temporary registration into the shareholders’ register  the real-time participation in the remote meeting requires the delivery of the shareholder’s email address and telephone number by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee-registered shares  so that the shareholders can be sent a participation link and password to participate in the remote meeting.If a holder of nominee-registered shares has authorised his/her custodian bank to vote in advance on his/her behalf  the votes cast in this way will be taken into account as advance votes of the holder of nominee-registered shares at the General Meeting  unless the holder of nominee-registered shares votes otherwise at the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights in the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance as instructed in section C. 6. of these instructions.The proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy template is available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2024 no later than on 27 March 2024.Any proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting a proxy document  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall ensure that they register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in section C. 2. of these instructions.Delivery of a proxy document and the registration and advance voting form mentioned in Section C. 2. b) to Innovatics Ltd before the end of the registration period is deemed a registration for the General Meeting  provided that they set forth the information necessary for the registration.If a proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting  it is recommended to vote in advance. Even if the proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting  only one attendance link and password will be provided to the proxy representative for all shareholders the proxy representative represents. The proxy representative will therefore not need to log into the service separately on behalf of each shareholder but shall still ensure the exercise of shareholders’ rights by voting on behalf of each shareholder separately.A shareholder may authorise a proxy representative by using the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative to a traditional proxy document. The proxy representative is authorised via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’). When registering for the General Meeting service  the proxy representative must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile certificate. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.5. Participation instructionsShareholders who have the right to participate in the General Meeting may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights during the meeting in full and in real time via remote connection.Shareholders may exercise their right to request information during the meeting orally.The remote connection to the General Meeting will be implemented through Inderes Oyj’s virtual AGM service using the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require software or downloads subject to a charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio playback as well as a microphone for oral questions and comments. The following browsers are recommended for remote participation: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari  and Opera. Shareholders are responsible for their internet connections and devices during the meeting.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or SMS to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration by the day before the meeting  17 April 2024  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) at the latest. It is recommended to log into the meeting system before the meeting starts.Shareholders who have voted in advance can also participate in the General Meeting via the remote connection. The votes cast in advance will be taken into account in the resolution of the General Meeting  regardless of whether such shareholders participate in the General Meeting remotely or not. Shareholders participating in the meeting remotely will be able to change their advance votes during the meeting  should a vote take place.For more information on the AGM service  additional instructions for proxy holders representing more than one shareholder  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of possible disruptions  please visit https://vagm.fi/support and a link to test the compatibility of your computer  smartphone or tablet with the internet connection can be found at https://demo.videosync.fi/agm-compatibility?language=en. It is recommended to consult the detailed attendance instructions before the start of the General Meeting.6. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting between 27 March 2024 at 10:00 and 15 April 2024 at 10:00 (EET) in the following ways:a) Through the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2024. Shareholders can sign into the advance voting service the same way as to the electronic registration service referred to above in section C. 2. a) of these instructions.b) By email or by mail sending the advance voting form available on the Company’s corporate website at https://investors.rapalavmc.com/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2024 no later than on 27 March 2024 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd  by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Rapala VMC Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi. Advance votes must be received before the advance voting period expires.If the shareholder votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed also a registration for the General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the required information mentioned in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.A proposed resolution that is subject to advance voting is considered to be presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote at the real-time General Meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholders who voted in advance are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. Unless shareholders voting in advance are present at the General Meeting in person or by way of proxy representation via remote connection  they will not be able to make counterproposals  vote for a possible counterproposal  or use their rights under the Companies Act to request information or a vote.Holders of nominee-registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee-registered shares.7. Other instructions and informationThe language of the Annual General Meeting is Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder participating in the Annual General Meeting via remote connection has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.On the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting 20 March 2024  the total number of shares and votes in Rapala VMC Corporation is 39 000 000. On the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the Company holds 123 891 treasury shares. Pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act  shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries are not entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  20 March 2024RAPALA VMC CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsAdditional InformationFor additional information  please contact: Tuomo Leino  Investor Relations (tel. +358 9 7562 540)About Rapala VMC CorporationRapala VMC group is the world’s leading fishing tackle company and the global market leader in fishing lures  treble hooks and fishing related knives and tools. The group also has a strong global position in other fishing categories and Rapala VMC’s distribution network is largest in the fishing industry. The main manufacturing facilities are in Finland  France  Estonia  and the UK. Rapala VMC group’s brand portfolio includes the leading brand in the industry  Rapala  and other global brands like VMC  Sufix  Storm  Blue Fox  Luhr Jensen  Williamson  Dynamite Baits  Mora Ice  StrikeMaster  Marttiini  Peltonen and 13 Fishing as well as Okuma in Europe. The group  with net sales of EUR 222 million in 2023  employs some 1 400 people in approximately 40 countries. Rapala VMC Corporation’s share is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange since 1998.www.rapalavmc.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Rapala VMC Corporation', 'Notice', 'Authorised Public Accountants Firm Deloitte Ltd', 'Louis d’Alançon', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'RAPALA VMC CORPORATION', 'other special rights', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'current board members', 'annual remuneration', 'Board members’ remuneration', 'voting rights', 'remote meeting', 'other members', 'Thursday 18 April', 'decision-making powers', 'technical means', 'real time', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable equity', 'unrestricted equity', 'Governing Bodies', '43.24 per cent', 'service contract', 'Emmanuel Viellard', 'Julia Aubertin', 'Vesa Luhtanen', 'Alexander Rosenlew', 'Pascal Lebard', 'Johan Berg', 'Jorma Kasslin', 'Further information', 'corporate website', 'Jenny Lindvall', 'sustainability reporting', 'transitional provision', 'financial year', 'Remuneration Policy', 'section C', 'new members', 'advance voting', 'A. MATTERS', 'net profit', 'responsible auditor', 'Remuneration Report', 'The Board', '10:00 a', 'Notice', 'March', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'use', 'telecommunications', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'review', 'Resolution', 'distribution', 'dividend', '31 December', 'loss', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'Appendix', 'shares', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'committees', 'employment', 'number', 'term', 'composition', 'independence', 'investors', 'rapalavmc', 'corporate_governance', 'invoice', 'assurance', 'task', 'issuance', 'options', '05:00', '10.', '11.']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37840,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6286071272354990,Notice of Annual General Meeting in ASSA ABLOY AB,Notice of Annual General Meeting in ASSA ABLOY AB           PR Newswire             STOCKHOLM           March 20  2024     /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of ASSA ABLOY AB (Reg. No. 556059-3575) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting ...,STOCKHOLM   March 20  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of ASSA ABLOY AB (Reg. No. 556059-3575) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 24 April 2024 at 3.30 p.m.   at 7A Posthuset  Vasagatan 28  111 20 Stockholm  Sweden . Registration for the Annual General Meeting starts at 2.30 p.m.Right to participate and notificationA person has the right to participate at the Annual General Meeting if the person:is recorded as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 16 April 2024   and  and has given notice of its participation to ASSA ABLOY AB no later than Thursday 18 April 2024 . Notice of participation shall be given on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting   by telephone +46 8-402 90 71 or in writing by mail to ASSA ABLOY AB  '2024 Annual General Meeting'  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden .The notification must state name  personal or corporate identification number  address  telephone number and names of any assistants attending.ProxyIf the shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be enclosed to the notification and be presented in original at the latest at the Annual General Meeting. Proxy form is available upon request and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting . If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or equivalent authorization document must be enclosed.Nominee registered sharesShareholders whose shares are nominee registered through a bank or other nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  request that their shares be temporarily registered in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (so called voting right registration) in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. The shareholders' register for the General Meeting as of the record date Tuesday 16 April 2024 will take into account voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday 18 April 2024 . Shareholders concerned must  in accordance with each nominee's routines  request that the nominee makes such voting right registration well in advance of that date.AgendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting. Election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of two persons to check the Annual General Meeting minutes. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Speech by the President and CEO  Mr. Nico Delvaux. Presentation of: the Annual Report and the Auditor's Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Auditor's Report for the Group  the Auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives have been complied with  and the Board of Directors proposal regarding distribution of profits and motivated statement. Resolutions regarding: adoption of the Statement of Income and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Statement of Income and the Consolidated Balance Sheet  dispositions of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet  and discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors. Determination of: fees to the Board of Directors  fees to the Auditor. Election of Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. Election of Auditor. Resolution on approval of remuneration report. Resolution regarding authorization to repurchase and transfer Series B shares in the company. Resolution regarding long-term incentive program. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 – Election of Chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee  appointed in accordance with the instructions for the Nomination Committee resolved by the 2023 Annual General Meeting and consisting of Chairman Johan Menckel (Investment AB Latour)  Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Fonder)  Yvonne Sörberg (Handelsbanken Fonder) and Carina Silberg (Alecta)  proposes that Johan Hjertonsson is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 b ) – Disposition of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 5.40 per share. The dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal installments  the first with the record date Friday 26 April 2024 and the second with the record date Monday 11 November 2024 . If the proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  the first installment is estimated to be paid on Thursday 2 May 2024 and the second installment on Thursday 14 November 2024 .The Board of Directors has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act  the statement is available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting .Items 10–13 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors  determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor as well as election of Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors  Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows.The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be eight.Fees to the Board of Directors shall amount to a total of SEK 9 945 000 (remuneration for committee work not included) which shall be distributed among the members of the Board of Directors as follows; SEK 3 160 000 to the Chairman  SEK 1 175 000 to the Vice Chairman and SEK 935 000 to each of the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting. As remuneration for the committee work  the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive SEK 440 000   the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 180 000   members of the Audit Committee (the Chairman excluded) SEK 300 000 each  and member of the Remuneration Committee (the Chairman excluded) SEK 90 000 .to the Chairman  to the Vice Chairman and to each of the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting. As remuneration for the committee work  the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive   the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee   members of the Audit Committee (the Chairman excluded) each  and member of the Remuneration Committee (the Chairman excluded) . Fees to the Auditor according to contract.Re-election of Johan Hjertonsson  Carl Douglas   Erik Ekudden  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Lena Olving   Victoria Van Camp   Joakim Weidemanis and Susanne Pahlén Åklundh as members of the Board of Directors.  Erik Ekudden  Sofia Schörling Högberg      Joakim Weidemanis and Susanne Pahlén Åklundh as members of the Board of Directors. Re-election of Johan Hjertonsson as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Carl Douglas as Vice Chairman.as Vice Chairman. Re-election of the registered audit firm Ernst & Young AB as Auditor for the time period until the end of the 2025 Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation. Ernst & Young AB has notified that  provided that the Nomination Committee's proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  authorized public accountant Hamish Mabon will remain appointed as auditor in charge.More detailed information regarding the proposed members of the Board of Directors can be found in the Nomination Committee's proposal which is available at the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting .Item 15 – Resolution regarding authorization to repurchase and transfer Series B shares in the companyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on repurchasing Series B shares in the company in accordance with the following.The repurchase may as a maximum comprise so many Series B shares that the company after each repurchase holds a maximum of 10 percent of the total number of shares in the company.The repurchase of Series B shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.The repurchase of Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.Payment of the Series B shares shall be made in cash.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on transferring Series B shares in the company in accordance with the following.The maximum number of Series B shares to be transferred may not exceed the number of shares held by the company at the time of the Board of Directors resolution.Transfers of Series B shares shall take place:on Nasdaq Stockholm  or in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on market terms.Transfers of Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.The authorization includes the right to resolve on deviation of the preferential rights of shareholders and that payment may be made in other forms than cash.The purpose of the authorizations is to make possible the ability for the Board of Directors to continuously adapt the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  to be able to exploit attractive acquisition opportunities by fully or partly financing future acquisitions with the company's own shares  and to ensure the company's undertakings  including social security costs  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal for a long-term incentive program under Item 16.The Board of Directors has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the statement is available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting .The proposal in this Item 15 requires an approval of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting to be valid.Item 16 – Resolution regarding long-term incentive programSummary of the programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a new long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group (LTI 2024). LTI 2024 is based on similar principles as LTI 2021  LTI 2022 and LTI 2023  but with removal of the requirement of renunciation of customary salary review for employees who have not participated in previous LTI programs.LTI 2024 is proposed to include a maximum of 225 senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group  which entails an increase of 75 participants compared to the latest long-term incentive program. The Board of Directors considers the broadening of the participant base to be motivated due to an increase of the number of employees in the ASSA ABLOY Group and changes in the organizational structure. In order to participate in LTI 2024 the participants will have to hold Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY within the scope of LTI 2024 (saving shares). For every saving share held  the company will grant so called performance awards free-of-charge in accordance with the terms stipulated below.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of LTI 2024 is to strengthen the ASSA ABLOY Group's ability to retain and recruit competent employees  to contribute to ASSA ABLOY providing a total remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based long-term incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to ASSA ABLOY's future earnings and value growth. In light of the above  the Board of Directors believes that the implementation of LTI 2024 will have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group  including its sustainability  and consequently that LTI 2024 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Personal investment in saving sharesIn order to participate in LTI 2024  the participants must hold saving shares. The saving shares can either be Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY that have vested or been used as saving shares under LTI 2021 or previous years' long-term incentive programs  or Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY purchased on the market in connection with the notification to participate in LTI 2024.The personal investment shall amount to a value corresponding to a minimum of 5 percent (all participants) and a maximum of 15 percent (CEO and other senior executives) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's fixed base salary. If the participant has access to inside information and is therefore prevented from making the personal investment in connection with the application to participate in LTI 2024  the personal investment shall be made as soon as possible  but no later than before the next Annual General Meeting.Participants in LTI 2024 and allocationLTI 2024 is proposed to include a maximum of 225 senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group  divided in three categories.For each saving share that the CEO of the Group holds under LTI 2024  the company will grant six performance awards. For each saving share that other senior executives (currently nine individuals) hold under LTI 2024  each such individual will be awarded five performance awards. For each saving share that other participants (215 individuals) hold under LTI 2024  each such individual will be awarded four performance awards.Performance conditionThe number of performance awards that gives right to receive Series B shares in the company depends on the annual development of ASSA ABLOY's earnings per share [1] based on the target levels  as defined by the Board of Directors  during the measurement period 1 January 2024 – 31 December 2026   where each year during the measurement period is compared to the previous year. The outcome is calculated yearly  whereby one third of the performance awards is measured against the outcome for 2024  one third is measured against the outcome for 2025 and one third is measured against the outcome for 2026.The outcome for each year is measured linearly. Unless the minimum level is achieved for the year  none of the relevant performance awards will give right to Series B shares  and if the maximum level is achieved each performance award linked to the relevant year will give right to one Series B share. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfilment of the performance based condition in the Annual Report for the financial year 2026.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.The performance awards shall be granted free-of-charge after the 2024 Annual General Meeting.Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share free-of-charge three years after allotment of the award (vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  at the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2027 still is employed by the ASSA ABLOY Group and has maintained the saving shares held under LTI 2024.To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  the company will compensate the participants for distributed dividend during the vesting period by increasing the number of Series B shares that each vested performance award gives right to after the vesting period.The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The performance awards can be granted by the company or by any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2024  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the ASSA ABLOY Group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTI 2024 no longer are appropriate.In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2024 cannot be achieved at reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  participants may instead be offered a cash settlement.Scope and cost of the programLTI 2024 may  if the share price for the company's Series B share remains the same during the program's term  result in a maximum amount corresponding to 90 percent (CEO)  75 percent (other senior executives) or 40 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's annual base salary (excluding social security costs). Such outcome is subject to a maximum personal investment  meaning that the participant must hold saving shares at a value that corresponds to 15 percent (CEO and other senior executives) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's annual base salary and that the performance based condition has been fully achieved. Full vesting is further subject to the saving shares being retained and that the participant  with some exceptions  is still employed during the vesting period.The total number of saving shares  which corresponds to the participant's total maximum personal investment  and thus the total number of performance awards being allotted  depends on the share price for the company's Series B share at the time of allotment of performance awards under LTI 2024. The total number of outstanding shares in the company amounts to 1 112 576 334 shares.Provided that the share price for the company's Series B share is traded at around SEK 308 at the time of allotment of performance awards under LTI 2024  LTI 2024 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise a maximum of 825 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.1 percent of the total outstanding shares and votes in the company.LTI 2024 shall be expensed as a personnel cost over the vesting period. Provided that the performance based condition is fully achieved  the cost for LTI 2024 before tax is  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  estimated to approximately SEK 237 million   allocated over the vesting period. Estimated social security costs and financing cost are included in the amount.The costs are expected to have marginal effect on key ratios of the ASSA ABLOY Group.The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior executives and persons in senior managerial positions  which may be further increased through LTI 2024  outweigh the costs related to LTI 2024.Delivery of shares under LTI 2024To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2024  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party  under which the third party shall  in its own name  buy and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with LTI 2024. The cost for this agreement is currently estimated to approximately SEK 2 million assuming that the performance based condition is fully achieved.Preparation of the proposalLTI 2024 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of ASSA ABLOY  and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of previous incentive programs. LTI 2024 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programsThe company's other share-based incentive programs LTI 2021  LTI 2022 and LTI 2023 are based on the similar principles as LTI 2024. For a description of LTI 2021  LTI 2022 and LTI 2023  reference is made to the Annual Report 2023  Note 35  and the company's website www.assaabloy.com/group/en .Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company at the time for the notice to the Annual General Meeting amount to 1 112 576 334 shares  of which 57 525 969 are Series A shares and 1 055 050 365 Series B shares  which is equivalent to a total of 1 630 310 055 votes. ASSA ABLOY AB is holding at the time of the notice to the Annual General Meeting  1 800 000 own Series B shares  corresponding to 1 800 000 votes that may not be represented at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholder´s right to request informationThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Annual General Meeting provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group and the Group accounts.Documentation etc.The Nomination Committee's complete proposals including motivated statement  are available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting .The Annual Report  the Auditor's Report  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and all other documentation to be held available according to the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting.Copies of the documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address to the company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfThis notice is a translation of the Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Welcome!Stockholm in March 2024The Board of DirectorsASSA ABLOY AB (publ)For more information  please contact:Nico Delvaux   President and CEO  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 82Erik Pieder  CFO and Executive Vice President  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 72Björn Tibell  Head of Investor Relations  tel. no: +46 70 275 67 68About ASSA ABLOYThe ASSA ABLOY Group is the global leader in access solutions. The Group operates worldwide with 61 000 employees and sales of SEK 141 billion . The Group has leading positions in areas such as efficient door openings  trusted identities and entrance automation. ASSA ABLOY's innovations enable safe  secure and convenient access to physical and digital places. Every day  we help billions of people experience a more open world.[1] Earnings per share is defined as the company's earnings per share after tax and dilution  excluding items affecting comparability and currency effects.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/assa-abloy/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-assa-abloy-ab c3948713The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/7333/3948713/2682632.pdf Press release (PDF)View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-assa-abloy-ab-302094675.htmlSOURCE ASSA ABLOY,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'ASSA ABLOY AB', 'Notice', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'Annual General Meeting minutes', 'ASSA ABLOY AB', 'Investment AB Latour', 'P.O. Box', 'Mr. Nico Delvaux', 'long-term incentive program', 'Yvonne Sörberg', 'Swedish Companies Act', '2024 Annual General Meeting', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Swedbank Robur Fonder', 'two equal installments', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'equivalent authorization document', 'Series B shares', 'corporate identification number', 'voting right registrations', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Chairman Johan Menckel', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'Nominee registered shares', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'Annual Report', 'Handelsbanken Fonder', 'Johan Hjertonsson', 'Consolidated Accounts', 'Reg. No.', '7A Posthuset', 'website assaabloy', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'senior executives', 'Mikael Ekdahl', 'Marianne Nilsson', 'Carina Silberg', 'first installment', 'Thursday 2 May', 'second installment', 'Consolidated Statement', 'record date', 'Wednesday 24 April', 'share register', 'Tuesday 16 April', 'Thursday 18 April', 'other nominee', 'The Board', 'state name', 'motivated statement', 'Vice Chairman', 'Thursday 14 November', 'telephone number', 'Proxy form', ""shareholders' register"", 'remuneration report', 'STOCKHOLM', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Vasagatan', 'notification', 'notice', 'participation', 'company', 'writing', 'mail', 'SE-101', 'personal', 'address', 'names', 'assistants', 'attorney', 'original', 'request', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'addition', 'order', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'President', 'CEO', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Group', 'guidelines', 'Directors', 'distribution', 'profits', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'Income', 'dispositions', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'fees', 'repurchase', 'Closing', 'Item', 'instructions', 'Alecta', 'dividend', 'SEK', 'proposal', 'Chapter', 'Section', '3.30', '2.30']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,investorsobserver.com
37841,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849519/0/en/Decisions-taken-by-Orion-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-on-20-March-2024.html,Decisions taken by Orion Corporation’s Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2024,ORION CORPORATION STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE – DECISIONS OF GENERAL MEETING20 MARCH 2024 at 16.50 EET             Decisions taken by Orion Corporation’s...,ORION CORPORATIONSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE – DECISIONS OF GENERAL MEETING20 MARCH 2024 at 16.50 EETDecisions taken by Orion Corporation’s Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2024At the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation held today  the following decisions were made:A dividend of EUR 1.62 per share was confirmed to be paid. The dividend is paid in two instalments.The proposals concerning the election and remuneration of the Board of Directors  the election and remuneration of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance provider  and the number of the members of the Board of Directors were approved.Kari Jussi Aho  Maziar Mike Doustdar  Ari Lehtoranta  Veli-Matti Mattila  Hilpi Rautelin  Eija Ronkainen and Karen Lykke Sørensen were re-elected to the Board of Directors. Henrik Stenqvist was elected as a new member. Veli-Matti Mattila was elected as Chairman.The AGM adopted the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2023 and the Remuneration Policy for the Company’s governing bodies.The Board of Directors was authorised to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares.The Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation was held today on 20 March 2024 at Messukeskus Siipi conference centre in Helsinki.The following matters were handled at the meeting:Adoption of the Financial Statements for 1 January - 31 December 2023The AGM confirmed the Financial Statements of the parent company and the Group as per 31 December 2023.Dividend EUR 1.62 per shareThe AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  that a dividend of EUR 1.62 per share will be paid on the basis of the Balance Sheet confirmed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2023. The dividend is paid in two instalments. The record date for the first instalment of EUR 0.81 per share is 22 March 2024 and the payment date is 3 April 2024. The record date for the second instalment of EUR 0.81 per share is 16 October 2024 and the payment date is 23 October 2024. In addition  the AGM authorised the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date for payment and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend in case of changes in the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or the regulations regarding the Finnish book-entry system or if other rules binding the Company so require.Discharge from liabilityThe members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO were discharged from liability for the financial period of 1 January - 31 December 2023.Remuneration ReportThe AGM adopted the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2023. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.Remuneration PolicyThe AGM adopted the Remuneration Policy for the Company’s governing bodies. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.Remunerations to be paid to the Board of DirectorsThe AGM decided that the following remunerations will be paid to the Board of Directors:As an annual fee  the Chairman shall receive EUR 100 000  the Vice Chairman shall receive EUR 61 000 and the other members shall receive EUR 50 000 each. However  if a member of the Board acts as the Chairman of the Audit Committee or the R&D Committee  her/his annual fee shall be EUR 61 000.In addition  as a fee for each meeting attended  the Chairman shall receive EUR 1 200  the Vice Chairman shall receive EUR 900 and the other members shall receive EUR 600 each. The travel expenses of the Board members shall be paid in accordance with the previously adopted practice. The aforementioned meeting attendance fees shall also be paid to the Chairmen and to the members of the committees established by the Board. The meeting attendance fees of Board members permanently resident outside Finland shall be doubled if the meeting is held outside the country of residence of such a member and the person attended the meeting at the place of the meeting.Of the above-mentioned annual fees  60 percent shall be paid in cash and 40 percent in Orion Corporation B shares  which shall be acquired for the members over the period 26 April - 3 May 2024 from the stock exchange in amounts corresponding to EUR 40 000 for the Chairman  EUR 24 400 for the Vice Chairman and for the Board members acting as the Chairmen of the Audit Committee and the R&D Committee and EUR 20 000 for each of the other members. The part of the annual fee that is to be paid in cash corresponds to the approximate sum necessary for the payment of the income taxes on the fees and shall be paid no later than 31 May 2024. The annual fees shall encompass the full term of office of the Board of Directors.In addition  the AGM decided that the Company shall pay the transfer tax related to the part of the annual fee of the Board of Directors paid in shares. Potential statutory social security and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland shall be borne by Orion Corporation as required by the applicable national legislation.Board members are required to retain ownership of the Orion Corporation B shares paid as fees for a period of two years from the date of payment of the fees. However  if the person's membership of the Board of Directors of the Company were to end before the expiry of the restriction on transfer  the restriction on transfer shall expire at the end of the membership of the Board of Directors.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe number of members of the Board of Directors was confirmed to be eight. Kari Jussi Aho  Maziar Mike Doustdar  Ari Lehtoranta  Veli-Matti Mattila  Hilpi Rautelin  Eija Ronkainen and Karen Lykke Sørensen were re-elected as members to the Board of Directors for the next term of office. Henrik Stenqvist was elected as a new member. Veli-Matti Mattila was elected as Chairman.Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider and their remunerationAuthorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab were elected as the Company's auditor. Sustainability Reporting Audit Firm KPMG Oy Ab were elected as the Company’s Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider. The remunerations to the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider shall be paid on the basis of invoicing approved by the Company.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by issuing new sharesThe Board of Directors was authorised by the AGM to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares on the following terms and conditions:Number of new shares to be issuedOn the basis of the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the issuance of no more than 14 000 000 new Class B shares. The maximum number of shares to be issued corresponds to less than 10% of all shares in the Company and less than 2% of all votes in the Company.The new shares may be issued only against payment.Shareholder’s pre-emptive rights and directed share issueNew shares may be issuedin a targeted issue to the Company’s shareholders in proportion to their holdings at the time of the issue regardless of whether they own Class A or B shares; orin a targeted issue  deviating from the shareholder’s pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason  such as the development of the capital structure of the Company  using the shares as consideration in possible corporate acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business or financing investments. The authorisation may not be used as a part of the Company’s incentive system.The new shares may not be issued to the Company itself.Subscription price in the Balance SheetThe amounts paid for new shares issued shall be recorded in the reserve for invested unrestricted equity.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the issuance of shares.The share issue authorisation concerning issuance of new shares shall be valid until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.This authorisation does not cancel the share issue authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation on 23 March 2022 concerning the conveyance of the Company’s own shares held by the Company.The minutes of the AGM will be provided in Finnish only  and they will become available on Orion's website  http://www.orion.fi/en/  no later than 3 April 2024.Orion CorporationLiisa HurmePresident and CEO Olli HuotariSVP  Corporate FunctionsContact person:Olli HuotariSVP  Corporate Functionstel. +358 50 966 3054Publisher:Orion CorporationCommunicationsOrionintie 1A  FI-02200 Espoo  Finlandhttp://www.orion.fi/enhttp://www.twitter.com/OrionCorpIROrion is a globally operating Finnish pharmaceutical company – a builder of well-being. We develop  manufacture and market human and veterinary pharmaceuticals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Orion has an extensive portfolio of proprietary and generic medicines and consumer health products. The core therapy areas of our pharmaceutical R&D are oncology and pain. Proprietary products developed by Orion are used to treat cancer  neurological diseases and respiratory diseases  among others. Orion's net sales in 2023 amounted to EUR 1 190 million and the company had about 3 600 employees at the end of the year. Orion's A and B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Orion Corporation', 'Decisions', '20 March', 'sustainability reporting assurance provider', 'Karen Lykke Sørensen', 'Messukeskus Siipi conference centre', 'Potential statutory social security', 'Orion Corporation B shares', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Kari Jussi Aho', 'Maziar Mike Doustdar', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'applicable national legislation', 'R&D Committee', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'meeting attendance fees', 'new record date', 'new shares', 'annual fees', 'Audit Committee', 'two instalments', 'Ari Lehtoranta', 'Veli-Matti Mattila', 'Hilpi Rautelin', 'Eija Ronkainen', 'Henrik Stenqvist', 'governing bodies', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'Balance Sheet', 'financial year', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'travel expenses', 'approximate sum', 'income taxes', 'full term', 'transfer tax', 'pension costs', 'The AGM', 'payment date', 'Remuneration Report', 'Remuneration Policy', 'new member', 'other members', 'other rules', 'financial period', 'following remunerations', 'permanent residence', 'Vice Chairman', 'following decisions', 'share issue', 'parent company', 'Board members', '20 MARCH', '16.50 EET', 'dividend', 'proposals', 'election', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'number', 'Helsinki', 'Adoption', '1 January', '31 December', 'Group', 'accordance', 'basis', '22 March', '3 April', '16 October', 'addition', 'case', 'changes', 'regulations', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'CEO', 'resolution', 'practice', 'Chairmen', 'committees', 'country', 'person', 'place', '60 percent', 'cash', '40 percent', '26 April', '3 May', 'amounts', 'part', '31 May', 'office', '2023']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37842,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORION-OYJ-1412508/news/Decisions-taken-by-Orion-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-on-20-March-2024-46243403/,Decisions taken by Orion Corporation's Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2024,(marketscreener.com) ORION CORPORATION STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE – DECISIONS OF GENERAL MEETING20 MARCH 2024 at 16.50 EET         Decisions taken by Orion Corporation’s Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2024 At the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation he…,ORION CORPORATIONSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE – DECISIONS OF GENERAL MEETING20 MARCH 2024 at 16.50 EETDecisions taken by Orion Corporation’s Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2024At the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation held today  the following decisions were made:A dividend of EUR 1.62 per share was confirmed to be paid. The dividend is paid in two instalments.The proposals concerning the election and remuneration of the Board of Directors  the election and remuneration of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance provider  and the number of the members of the Board of Directors were approved.Kari Jussi Aho  Maziar Mike Doustdar  Ari Lehtoranta  Veli-Matti Mattila  Hilpi Rautelin  Eija Ronkainen and Karen Lykke Sørensen were re-elected to the Board of Directors. Henrik Stenqvist was elected as a new member. Veli-Matti Mattila was elected as Chairman.The AGM adopted the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2023 and the Remuneration Policy for the Company’s governing bodies.The Board of Directors was authorised to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares.The Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation was held today on 20 March 2024 at Messukeskus Siipi conference centre in Helsinki.The following matters were handled at the meeting:Adoption of the Financial Statements for 1 January - 31 December 2023The AGM confirmed the Financial Statements of the parent company and the Group as per 31 December 2023.Dividend EUR 1.62 per shareThe AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  that a dividend of EUR 1.62 per share will be paid on the basis of the Balance Sheet confirmed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2023. The dividend is paid in two instalments. The record date for the first instalment of EUR 0.81 per share is 22 March 2024 and the payment date is 3 April 2024. The record date for the second instalment of EUR 0.81 per share is 16 October 2024 and the payment date is 23 October 2024. In addition  the AGM authorised the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date for payment and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend in case of changes in the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or the regulations regarding the Finnish book-entry system or if other rules binding the Company so require.Discharge from liabilityThe members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO were discharged from liability for the financial period of 1 January - 31 December 2023.Remuneration ReportThe AGM adopted the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2023. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.Remuneration PolicyThe AGM adopted the Remuneration Policy for the Company’s governing bodies. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.Remunerations to be paid to the Board of DirectorsThe AGM decided that the following remunerations will be paid to the Board of Directors:As an annual fee  the Chairman shall receive EUR 100 000  the Vice Chairman shall receive EUR 61 000 and the other members shall receive EUR 50 000 each. However  if a member of the Board acts as the Chairman of the Audit Committee or the R&D Committee  her/his annual fee shall be EUR 61 000.In addition  as a fee for each meeting attended  the Chairman shall receive EUR 1 200  the Vice Chairman shall receive EUR 900 and the other members shall receive EUR 600 each. The travel expenses of the Board members shall be paid in accordance with the previously adopted practice. The aforementioned meeting attendance fees shall also be paid to the Chairmen and to the members of the committees established by the Board. The meeting attendance fees of Board members permanently resident outside Finland shall be doubled if the meeting is held outside the country of residence of such a member and the person attended the meeting at the place of the meeting.Of the above-mentioned annual fees  60 percent shall be paid in cash and 40 percent in Orion Corporation B shares  which shall be acquired for the members over the period 26 April - 3 May 2024 from the stock exchange in amounts corresponding to EUR 40 000 for the Chairman  EUR 24 400 for the Vice Chairman and for the Board members acting as the Chairmen of the Audit Committee and the R&D Committee and EUR 20 000 for each of the other members. The part of the annual fee that is to be paid in cash corresponds to the approximate sum necessary for the payment of the income taxes on the fees and shall be paid no later than 31 May 2024. The annual fees shall encompass the full term of office of the Board of Directors.In addition  the AGM decided that the Company shall pay the transfer tax related to the part of the annual fee of the Board of Directors paid in shares. Potential statutory social security and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland shall be borne by Orion Corporation as required by the applicable national legislation.Board members are required to retain ownership of the Orion Corporation B shares paid as fees for a period of two years from the date of payment of the fees. However  if the person's membership of the Board of Directors of the Company were to end before the expiry of the restriction on transfer  the restriction on transfer shall expire at the end of the membership of the Board of Directors.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe number of members of the Board of Directors was confirmed to be eight. Kari Jussi Aho  Maziar Mike Doustdar  Ari Lehtoranta  Veli-Matti Mattila  Hilpi Rautelin  Eija Ronkainen and Karen Lykke Sørensen were re-elected as members to the Board of Directors for the next term of office. Henrik Stenqvist was elected as a new member. Veli-Matti Mattila was elected as Chairman.Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider and their remunerationAuthorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab were elected as the Company's auditor. Sustainability Reporting Audit Firm KPMG Oy Ab were elected as the Company’s Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider. The remunerations to the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider shall be paid on the basis of invoicing approved by the Company.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by issuing new sharesThe Board of Directors was authorised by the AGM to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares on the following terms and conditions:Number of new shares to be issuedOn the basis of the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the issuance of no more than 14 000 000 new Class B shares. The maximum number of shares to be issued corresponds to less than 10% of all shares in the Company and less than 2% of all votes in the Company.The new shares may be issued only against payment.Shareholder’s pre-emptive rights and directed share issueNew shares may be issuedin a targeted issue to the Company’s shareholders in proportion to their holdings at the time of the issue regardless of whether they own Class A or B shares; orin a targeted issue  deviating from the shareholder’s pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason  such as the development of the capital structure of the Company  using the shares as consideration in possible corporate acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business or financing investments. The authorisation may not be used as a part of the Company’s incentive system.The new shares may not be issued to the Company itself.Subscription price in the Balance SheetThe amounts paid for new shares issued shall be recorded in the reserve for invested unrestricted equity.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the issuance of shares.The share issue authorisation concerning issuance of new shares shall be valid until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.This authorisation does not cancel the share issue authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation on 23 March 2022 concerning the conveyance of the Company’s own shares held by the Company.The minutes of the AGM will be provided in Finnish only  and they will become available on Orion's website  http://www.orion.fi/en/  no later than 3 April 2024.Orion CorporationLiisa HurmePresident and CEO Olli HuotariSVP  Corporate FunctionsContact person:Olli HuotariSVP  Corporate Functionstel. +358 50 966 3054Publisher:Orion CorporationCommunicationsOrionintie 1A  FI-02200 Espoo  Finlandhttp://www.orion.fi/enhttp://www.twitter.com/OrionCorpIROrion is a globally operating Finnish pharmaceutical company – a builder of well-being. We develop  manufacture and market human and veterinary pharmaceuticals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Orion has an extensive portfolio of proprietary and generic medicines and consumer health products. The core therapy areas of our pharmaceutical R&D are oncology and pain. Proprietary products developed by Orion are used to treat cancer  neurological diseases and respiratory diseases  among others. Orion's net sales in 2023 amounted to EUR 1 190 million and the company had about 3 600 employees at the end of the year. Orion's A and B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Orion Corporation', 'Decisions', '20 March', 'sustainability reporting assurance provider', 'Karen Lykke Sørensen', 'Messukeskus Siipi conference centre', 'Potential statutory social security', 'Orion Corporation B shares', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Kari Jussi Aho', 'Maziar Mike Doustdar', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'applicable national legislation', 'R&D Committee', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'meeting attendance fees', 'new record date', 'new shares', 'annual fees', 'Audit Committee', 'two instalments', 'Ari Lehtoranta', 'Veli-Matti Mattila', 'Hilpi Rautelin', 'Eija Ronkainen', 'Henrik Stenqvist', 'governing bodies', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'Balance Sheet', 'financial year', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'travel expenses', 'approximate sum', 'income taxes', 'full term', 'transfer tax', 'pension costs', 'The AGM', 'payment date', 'Remuneration Report', 'Remuneration Policy', 'new member', 'other members', 'other rules', 'financial period', 'following remunerations', 'permanent residence', 'Vice Chairman', 'following decisions', 'share issue', 'parent company', 'Board members', '20 MARCH', '16.50 EET', 'dividend', 'proposals', 'election', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'number', 'Helsinki', 'Adoption', '1 January', '31 December', 'Group', 'accordance', 'basis', '22 March', '3 April', '16 October', 'addition', 'case', 'changes', 'regulations', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'CEO', 'resolution', 'practice', 'Chairmen', 'committees', 'country', 'person', 'place', '60 percent', 'cash', '40 percent', '26 April', '3 May', 'amounts', 'part', '31 May', 'office', '2023']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37843,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2024/03/21/russia-says-eu-frozen-assets-plan-is-theft-will-lead-to-decades-of-lawsuits,Russia says EU frozen assets plan is theft  will lead to decades of lawsuits,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia on Wednesday said a proposal by European Union foreign policy chief Josep Borrell to take 90% of revenues from Russian assets frozen in Europe and transfer them to buy weapons for Ukraine was ""banditry and theft"". Read full story","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia on Wednesday said a proposal by European Union foreign policy chief Josep Borrell to take 90% of revenues from Russian assets frozen in Europe and transfer them to buy weapons for Ukraine was ""banditry and theft"".Under Borrell's plan  proceeds from the assets such as interest payments would go to the European Peace Facility  an off-budget fund that provides military aid to countries outside the EU and has been used mainly for Ukraine.The Kremlin said such plans - if implemented - would destroy Europe's reputation as a reliable guardian of property rights and lead to years of litigation.""Europeans are well aware of the damage such decisions can do to their economy  their image  and their reputation as reliable  so to speak  guarantors of the inviolability of property "" Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said.""The damage will be inevitable. The persons who will be involved in making such decisions  the states that will decide this  of course  they will become the objects of prosecution for many decades.""Some 70% of all Russian assets immobilised in the West are held in the central securities depository Euroclear in Belgium  which has the equivalent of 190 billion euros ($206 billion) worth of various Russian central bank securities and cash.When asked about Borrell's plan  Maria Zakharova  spokeswoman for Russia's foreign ministry  said: ""It is simple banditry and theft.""Zakharova said that Russia would respond if the West went ahead with confiscating Russian assets. Russia has said it will take action against Western assets if its own property is seized.(Writing by Guy Faulconbridge; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)",negative,0.02,0.22,0.75,negative,0.04,0.31,0.65,True,English,"['EU frozen assets plan', 'Russia', 'theft', 'decades', 'lawsuits', 'European Union foreign policy chief Josep Borrell', 'various Russian central bank securities', 'European Peace Facility', 'central securities depository', 'foreign ministry', 'Russian assets', 'interest payments', 'budget fund', 'military aid', 'The Kremlin', 'reliable guardian', 'Kremlin spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'many decades', '190 billion euros', 'Guy Faulconbridge', 'Mark Trevelyan', 'Western assets', 'Maria Zakharova', 'simple banditry', 'property rights', 'MOSCOW', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'proposal', 'revenues', 'weapons', 'Ukraine', 'theft', 'plan', 'countries', 'reputation', 'years', 'litigation', 'Europeans', 'damage', 'decisions', 'economy', 'image', 'guarantors', 'inviolability', 'persons', 'states', 'course', 'objects', 'prosecution', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'equivalent', 'cash', 'spokeswoman', 'action', 'Editing']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,thestar.com.my
37844,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-adopted-eq-plcs-annual-173000936.html,Decisions Adopted by eQ Plc's Annual General Meeting,Q Plc Stock Exchange Release 21 March 2024  at 7.30 p.m. eQ Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held on Thursday 21 March 2024 as a real-time virtual meeting (“AGM”)  decided upon the following: Confirmation of the financial statements eQ Plc’s AGM confirmed the financial statement of the company ,eQ OyjeQ Plc Stock Exchange Release21 March 2024  at 7.30 p.m.eQ Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held on Thursday 21 March 2024 as a real-time virtual meeting (“AGM”)  decided upon the following:Confirmation of the financial statementseQ Plc’s AGM confirmed the financial statement of the company  which included the group financial statements  the report by the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the financial year 2023.Decision in respect of the result shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe AGM confirmed the proposal by the Board of Directors that a dividend of 0.80 euros per share be paid out. The dividend will be paid out in two separate installments. The first installment  EUR 0.40 per share shall be paid to those shareholders who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend payment on 25 March 2024. The first installment of the dividend shall be paid on 3 April 2024. The second installment  EUR 0.40 per share shall be paid in October 2024 to those shareholders who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the divided payment. The Board shall decide the record date and the payment date of the second installment of the divided in its meeting in September 2024. It is contemplated that the record date of the second installment will be 25 September 2024 and that the payment date will be 2 October 2024.Discharge from liability to the Board of Directors and Managing DirectorThe AGM decided to grant discharge from liability to the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Annual General Meeting decided to adopt the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies.The remuneration of the members of the Board  the number of Board members and appointment of Board membersThe AGM decided that the members of the Board would receive remuneration as follows: the Chair of the Board will receive 5 000 euros  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors will receive 4 000 euros and the Board members will receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting will be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and lodging costs will be compensated in accordance with the company’s expense policy.Story continuesAccording to the decision of the AGM  all six Board members  being Päivi Arminen  Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig were re-elected as members to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Board appointed Janne Larma as Chair of the Board and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors in its meeting held immediately after the AGM.Auditors and auditors’ compensationThe AGM decided to elect Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab as auditor of the company. The auditor with main responsibility  named by KPMG Oy Ab is Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA. It was decided to compensate the auditor according to the auditor's invoice approved by the eQ Plc.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.59 per cent of all shares in the Company at the date of the notice of the AGM.The authorisation is to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. Based on the authorisation  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation cancels all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.Helsinki  21 March 2024eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 12.9 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'eQ Plc', 'Decisions', 'eQ Oyj eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Group General Counsel', 'two separate installments', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Päivi Arminen', 'Tomas von Rettig', 'Authorised Public Accountants', 'real-time virtual meeting', 'other business transactions', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'group financial statements', 'eQ Plc Board', 'shareholders pre-emptive rights', 'six Board members', 'eQ.fi', 'other purposes', 'other matters', 'financial year', 'financial position', 'special rights', 'balance sheet', 'first installment', 'shareholder register', 'second installment', 'Managing Director', 'governing bodies', 'lodging costs', 'expense policy', 'Nicolas Berner', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Timo Kokkila', 'Janne Larma', 'main responsibility', 'Tuomas Ilveskoski', 'Chapter 10 Section', 'Companies Act', 'maximum total', '8.59 per cent', 'potential acquisitions', 'incentive schemes', 'previous authorisations', 'Additional information', 'Juha Surve', 'Board meeting', 'record date', 'The AGM', 'Vice Chair', 'share issue', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'payment date', 'Thursday 21 March', '3,500,000 new shares', 'Remuneration Report', 'auditors’ compensation', 'dividend payment', '25 March', 'Confirmation', 'company', 'Directors', 'Decision', 'respect', 'result', 'proposal', '0.80 euros', '3 April', 'October', 'September', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'number', 'appointment', '5,000 euros', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'month', '750 euros', 'travel', 'accordance', 'Story', 'term', 'office', 'close', 'APA', 'invoice', 'issuance', 'amount', 'notice', 'order', 'recipients', 'consideration', 'deviation', 'preconditions', 'tel', 'Distribution', '7.30', '358']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
37845,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.adnkronos.com/internazionale/akieng/italy-backs-giving-ukraine-profits-from-frozen-russian-central-bank-assets_2foQu6ZUjCBPTMMtdd1C01,Italy backs giving Ukraine profits from frozen Russian Central Bank assets,The European Union should hand Ukraine profits from Russia's frozen central bank assets to help the beleaguered country buy ammunition and rebuild after the devastating two-year-old war  Italy's foreign minister Antonio Tajani said on Thursday.,"The European Union should hand Ukraine profits from Russia's frozen central bank assets to help the beleaguered country buy ammunition and rebuild after the devastating two-year-old war  Italy's foreign minister Antonio Tajani said on Thursday.""I believe it is right to use the profits from the Russian Central Bank assets for Ukraine "" Tajani said on the sidelines of a Brussels summit.""We asked (EU foreign policy chief) Josep Borrell to present a proposal that is legally watertight and I believe we have a legal basis "" Tajani went on.Tajani said he believed the profits - worth several billion euros - should be used to ""support the purchase of ammunition and for reconstruction""""The important thing is that they are used in favour of Ukraine "" Tajani underlined.The European Commission unveiled plan on Wednesday detailing how profits from the frozen Russian central bank assets could be used to help Ukraine amid recent Russian battlefield gains and a shortage of ammunition. The EU pledged a million rounds of ammunition for Ukraine last year but has so far only made half this amount available.The EU plan involves giving Ukraine an undisclosed portion of the three billion euros in annual interest earnings generated from Russian state bank assets held at the Belgian financial services provider Euroclear (nearly 200 billion euros).Euroclear will retain a portion of the earnings from the Russian assets as collateral to meet obligations to other investors and potential legal proceedings. Meanwhile  Belgium has said it will transfer the 25 percent of capital taxes due on the Russian profits to Ukraine.EU member states have agreed to allocate the profits from Russian investments into a special budget known as the European Peace Facility. Money from this budget will fund arms deliveries to Ukraine  with five billion euros already contributed by EU member states.On Tuesday the EU executive announced the disbursement of the first 4.5 billion euro instalment from the EU's new 50 billion euro financing mechanism for Ukraine  aimed at supporting the war-torn nation's budget until the end of 2027.",neutral,0.04,0.72,0.24,negative,0.04,0.27,0.69,True,English,"['Russian Central Bank assets', 'Italy', 'Ukraine', 'profits', 'new 50 billion euro financing mechanism', 'Belgian financial services provider', 'first 4.5 billion euro instalment', 'recent Russian battlefield gains', 'EU foreign policy chief', 'Russian state bank assets', 'Russian Central Bank assets', 'foreign minister Antonio Tajani', 'several billion euros', 'three billion euros', 'five billion euros', 'devastating two-year-old war', 'European Peace Facility', 'The European Union', 'The European Commission', 'potential legal proceedings', 'EU member states', 'annual interest earnings', 'Russian assets', '200 billion euros', 'Russian investments', 'legal basis', 'Russian profits', 'EU executive', 'beleaguered country', 'Brussels summit', 'Josep Borrell', 'important thing', 'million rounds', 'other investors', 'capital taxes', 'arms deliveries', 'war-torn nation', 'EU plan', 'undisclosed portion', 'special budget', 'Ukraine profits', 'ammunition', 'Italy', 'Thursday', 'sidelines', 'proposal', 'purchase', 'reconstruction', 'favour', 'Wednesday', 'shortage', 'half', 'amount', 'Euroclear', 'collateral', 'obligations', 'Belgium', '25 percent', 'Money', 'Tuesday', 'disbursement', 'end']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,adnkronos.com
37846,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eu-could-spend-3-billion-122324464.html,EU could spend $3 billion a year arming Ukraine by tapping frozen Russian assets,European Union leaders are considering a proposal to use about $3 billion a year in profits generated by frozen Russian assets to help fund Ukraine’s war effort.,European Union leaders are considering using about $3 billion a year in windfall profits generated by frozen Russian financial assets to help fund Ukraine’s war effort.The European Commission said a proposal would be discussed at a summit of EU heads of government on Thursday. Achieving the unanimity required is likely to be tricky.The latest proposal goes further than a previous EU plan — crafted in late 2023 and agreed in principle last month — to use the interest payments and other profits accumulating in accounts in Brussels to help rebuild Ukraine  according to a senior EU official.German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said he was confident fellow European leaders would agree on the new initiative.“First and foremost (those profits should) be used to acquire the weapons and ammunition that Ukraine needs for its defense ” he told reporters as he arrived for the talks.A “growing majority” of European countries are now “pleading” for these profits to be used for the European Peace Facility  the senior EU official told reporters Tuesday. The facility was launched in 2021 to finance the EU’s defense and military measures globally. Unlike the general EU budget  it can be used to buy arms.Pressure on EU states to do more to support Ukraine militarily has increased in recent months as the flow of aid from the United States has stalled and Russia has made advances on the battlefield.The US Senate approved a supplemental bill last month that would have unlocked $60 billion of military aid for Ukraine  but House of Representatives Speaker Mike Johnson refused to bring it to the floor for a vote.“In December  it (the EU plan) was very much about reconstruction and supporting financially the government (in Kiev) to survive. Now we are in an even more dire situation  so delivery of weapons is even more important ” the EU official said.But the shift in focus to directly supporting Ukraine’s military rather than using the funds to help rebuild the country will be hard to swallow for neutral EU member states such as Ireland and Austria.Story continues“There must be a guarantee that money  for which we give our approval  is not spent on weapons and ammunition ” Austrian Chancellor Karl Nehammer told reporters.Making Russia payAfter Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022  Western countries froze nearly half of Moscow’s foreign reserves — some €300 billion ($327 billion). Around €200 billion ($218 billion) sits in the EU — mostly at Euroclear  a financial institution that keeps assets safe for banks  exchanges and investors.Euroclear is accumulating vast amounts of cash because of payments associated with frozen Russian assets. These payments include  for example  interest paid on bonds  known as coupons  or the proceeds generated by securities that mature and are reinvested.Last month  the group said it had earned €5.2 billion ($5.6 billion) in interest on income generated by sanctioned Russian assets since they were frozen by EU and Group of Seven countries in 2022.The European Commission’s proposal would involve using a special levy to collect the windfall interest income on frozen Russian assets. According to EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell  the revenue generated from these immobilized assets will be around €3 billion ($3.3 billion) a year.“I hope that we can reach an agreement soon  and change banknotes into weapons… soldiers don’t fight with banknotes ” Borrell told reporters in Brussels Wednesday. “They need physical arms  they need physical instruments in order to defend (their) people.”The EU and its allies are determined to make Russia foot part of the colossal bill for rebuilding Ukraine  which official figures published by the European Commission in February put at $486 billion over the next decade.Ukrainian authorities estimate the country will need around $15 billion this year alone to rebuild energy and transport infrastructure  as well as housing  among other priorities.Separately  the EU agreed a €5 billion ($5.5 billion) top-up of the European Peace Facility Monday  ringfenced in a dedicated Ukraine Assistance Fund  which will also support the country’s military needs.James Frater and Benjamin Brown contributed reporting.For more CNN news and newsletters create an account at CNN.com,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,mixed,0.1,0.28,0.62,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'EU', 'Ukraine', 'EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell', 'German Chancellor Olaf Scholz', 'Representatives Speaker Mike Johnson', 'Austrian Chancellor Karl Nehammer', 'dedicated Ukraine Assistance Fund', 'neutral EU member states', 'The US Senate', 'European Union leaders', 'fellow European leaders', 'The European Commission', 'general EU budget', 'European Peace Facility', 'frozen Russian assets', 'previous EU plan', 'senior EU official', 'Russian financial assets', 'windfall interest income', 'foreign reserves', 'EU states', 'European countries', 'United States', 'financial institution', 'official figures', 'EU heads', 'immobilized assets', 'windfall profits', 'war effort', 'new initiative', 'growing majority', 'recent months', 'supplemental bill', 'dire situation', 'full-scale invasion', 'Western countries', 'vast amounts', 'Seven countries', 'special levy', 'physical instruments', 'foot part', 'colossal bill', 'next decade', 'Ukrainian authorities', 'transport infrastructure', 'other priorities', 'James Frater', 'Benjamin Brown', 'military measures', 'military needs', 'other profits', 'physical arms', 'CNN news', 'latest proposal', 'military aid', 'interest payments', 'summit', 'government', 'Thursday', 'unanimity', 'principle', 'accounts', 'Brussels', 'weapons', 'ammunition', 'defense', 'reporters', 'talks', 'Pressure', 'flow', 'advances', 'battlefield', 'House', 'floor', 'vote', 'December', 'reconstruction', 'Kiev', 'delivery', 'shift', 'focus', 'funds', 'country', 'Ireland', 'Story', 'guarantee', 'money', 'approval', 'February', 'half', 'Moscow', 'Euroclear', 'banks', 'exchanges', 'investors', 'cash', 'example', 'bonds', 'coupons', 'proceeds', 'securities', 'group', 'revenue', 'agreement', 'banknotes', 'soldiers', 'order', 'people', 'allies', 'energy', 'housing', '€5 billion', 'top-up', 'reporting', 'newsletters']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,finance.yahoo.com
37847,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.devdiscourse.com/article/law-order/2865028-eu-leaders-to-discuss-using-profits-from-russian-assets-to-arm-ukraine,EU leaders to discuss using profits from Russian assets to arm Ukraine,European Union leaders will on Thursday discuss a plan to use billions of euros in profits from frozen Russian financial assets to buy arms for Ukraine as they try to bolster Kyiv in its fight against Moscow's invasion.,"European Union leaders will on Thursday discuss a plan to use billions of euros in profits from frozen Russian financial assets to buy arms for Ukraine as they try to bolster Kyiv in its fight against Moscow's invasion. The bloc's 27 national leaders will also debate how Europe can do more to defend itself and boost its arms industry  reflecting fears that Russia may not stop at Ukraine and the U.S. may not be such a staunch protector of Europe in future.""For decades  Europe has not invested enough in its security and defence "" Charles Michel  president of the European Council of EU leaders  wrote in his invitation letter for the summit. ""Now that we are facing the biggest security threat since the Second World War  it is high time we take radical and concrete steps to be defense-ready and put the EU's economy on a 'war footing'.""In a two-day summit in Brussels due to start at 1200 GMT  the EU leaders will also tackle topics as diverse as the war in Gaza  the prospect of opening membership talks with Bosnia  and farmers' protests. But Ukraine will top the agenda  with President Volodymyr Zelenskiy joining the leaders via video link.EU leaders have voiced increasing alarm about the state of the war in recent weeks  with ammunition-starved Ukrainian forces struggling to hold back Russian troops and a $60 billion military aid package for Kyiv stuck in the U.S. Congress. The European Commission  the EU's executive body  this week proposed taking profits from Russian assets frozen in Europe after Moscow's invasion and transferring some 90% to an EU-run fund used to finance arms for Kyiv.The Commission estimated the profits on the assets - various Russian central bank securities and cash - could be between 2.5 billion euros ($2.73 billion) and 3 billion euros per year. Russia on Wednesday described the EU plan as banditism and theft.Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo welcomed the Commission proposal. ""I think it's a sensible way of doing it. I think the idea to allocate it predominantly to the purchase of weapons makes total sense "" he told Reuters.HOW WILL ORBAN REACT? The assets are frozen by EU central securities depositories  mainly Belgium's Euroclear. Ukraine would also receive the 25% tax that the Belgian government puts on the profits.The idea of using the proceeds to benefit Ukraine enjoys broad support among EU governments  diplomats say. But using the money to buy weapons is more problematic for some countries. Much attention will focus on the reaction of Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban  who maintains closer ties to Moscow than other EU leaders and opposes sending arms to Ukraine.The proposal also raises questions for neutral or militarily non-aligned countries such as Malta  Austria and Ireland. No final decision is expected at the summit. However leaders will indicate how the EU should proceed with the proposal.A draft summit declaration said leaders ""reviewed progress"" on using the revenues ""for the benefit of Ukraine  including possibly for funding military support"" and asked EU bodies to ""take work forward"". 'NO TIME TO WAIT'It also says the EU ""is committed to increasing its overall defence readiness and capabilities to match its needs and ambition"" amid ""rising threats and security challenges"". It invites officials to scrutinise a European Commission plan to boost Europe's arms industry by incentivising EU countries to buy European  and club together on joint projects.The leaders are expected to discuss the vexed question of how greater defence spending should be financed. French President Emmanuel Macron and others have embraced a proposal by Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas for European defence bonds. But other countries  including fiscally cautious Germany  Austria  the Netherlands  and Sweden  are sceptical.In an interview with Reuters  Kallas argued such borrowing was needed urgently. ""The crisis is right now  here. We have to invest in defence now "" she said. ""We don't have the time to wait.""($1 = 0.9151 euros)(This story has not been edited by Devdiscourse staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)",neutral,0.23,0.65,0.12,mixed,0.12,0.27,0.61,True,English,"['EU leaders', 'Russian assets', 'profits', 'Ukraine', 'Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas', 'various Russian central bank securities', 'EU central securities depositories', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', '$60 billion military aid package', 'ammunition-starved Ukrainian forces', 'President Volodymyr Zelenskiy', 'overall defence readiness', 'greater defence spending', 'biggest security threat', 'U.S. Congress', 'Russian financial assets', 'Second World War', 'The European Commission', 'draft summit declaration', 'European defence bonds', 'European Union leaders', 'European Commission plan', 'other EU leaders', 'Belgian government', 'ORBAN REACT', 'Russian troops', 'military support', 'Russian assets', 'European Council', 'other countries', '2.5 billion euros', '3 billion euros', 'staunch protector', 'Charles Michel', 'invitation letter', 'concrete steps', 'membership talks', ""farmers' protests"", 'video link', 'increasing alarm', 'recent weeks', 'executive body', 'EU-run fund', 'sensible way', 'total sense', 'broad support', 'Much attention', 'closer ties', 'final decision', 'rising threats', 'security challenges', 'joint projects', 'cautious Germany', 'Devdiscourse staff', 'syndicated feed', 'EU plan', 'EU governments', 'EU bodies', '27 national leaders', 'war footing', 'two-day summit', 'EU countries', 'Commission proposal', 'arms industry', 'high time', '0.9151 euros', 'Thursday', 'billions', 'profits', 'Ukraine', 'Kyiv', 'fight', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'bloc', 'fears', 'future', 'decades', 'radical', 'economy', 'Brussels', '1200 GMT', 'topics', 'Gaza', 'prospect', 'Bosnia', 'agenda', 'state', 'cash', 'year', 'Wednesday', 'banditism', 'theft', 'idea', 'purchase', 'weapons', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', '25% tax', 'proceeds', 'diplomats', 'money', 'reaction', 'questions', 'neutral', 'Malta', 'Austria', 'Ireland', 'progress', 'revenues', 'benefit', 'work', 'WAIT', 'capabilities', 'needs', 'ambition', 'officials', 'vexed', 'others', 'Netherlands', 'Sweden', 'interview', 'borrowing', 'crisis', 'story']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,devdiscourse.com
37848,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.firstpost.com/world/eu-leaders-to-discuss-using-frozen-russian-assets-for-arms-purchase-for-ukraine-13751410.html,EU leaders to discuss using frozen Russian assets for arms purchase for Ukraine,The summit of the EU’s 27 national leaders will additionally address strategies for enhancing Europe’s defense capabilities and bolstering its arms industry. These discussions reflect concerns that Ru,The summit of the EU’s 27 national leaders will additionally address strategies for enhancing Europe’s defense capabilities and bolstering its arms industry. These discussions reflect concerns that Russia’s aggression may extend beyond UkraineEuropean Union leaders are set to convene Thursday to deliberate on a proposal to utilise billions of euros from frozen Russian financial assets for the procurement of arms to support Ukraine amid Moscow’s ongoing invasion.This initiative aims to bolster Kyiv’s defense capabilities in the face of aggression from Russia.The summit of the EU’s 27 national leaders will additionally address strategies for enhancing Europe’s defense capabilities and bolstering its arms industry.AdvertisementThese discussions reflect concerns that Russia’s aggression may extend beyond Ukraine  coupled with uncertainties about the future commitment of the United States to Europe’s defense.Charles Michel  President of the European Council  emphasized the urgency of strengthening Europe’s security and defense posture  noting historical underinvestment in this area.He highlighted the need for radical and practical measures to ensure readiness and to reorient the EU’s economy towards a state of preparedness akin to wartime efforts.The two-day summit  scheduled to commence at 1200 GMT in Brussels  will cover a range of topics  including the conflict in Gaza  the potential commencement of membership negotiations with Bosnia  and ongoing farmers’ protests.These discussions underscore the multifaceted challenges facing the EU and its member states amidst evolving geopolitical dynamics and security threats.AdvertisementBut Ukraine will top the agenda  with President Volodymyr Zelenskiy joining the leaders via video link.EU leaders have voiced increasing alarm about the state of the war in recent weeks  with ammunition-starved Ukrainian forces struggling to hold back Russian troops and a $60 billion military aid package for Kyiv stuck in the U.S. Congress.AdvertisementThe European Commission  the EU’s executive body  this week proposed taking profits from Russian assets frozen in Europe after Moscow’s invasion and transferring some 90% to an EU-run fund used to finance arms for Kyiv.The Commission estimated the profits on the assets - various Russian central bank securities and cash - could be between 2.5 billion euros ($2.73 billion) and 3 billion euros per year.AdvertisementRussia on Wednesday described the EU plan as banditism and theft.Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo welcomed the proposal.“I think it’s a sensible way of doing it. I think the idea to allocate it predominantly to the purchase of weapons makes total sense ” he told Reuters.The assets are frozen by EU central securities depositories  mainly Belgium’s Euroclear. Ukraine would also receive the 25% tax that the Belgian government puts on the profits.AdvertisementThe idea of using the proceeds to benefit Ukraine enjoys broad support among EU governments  diplomats say. But using the money to buy weapons is more problematic for some countries.How will Hungry react?Much attention will focus on the reaction of Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban  who maintains closer ties to Moscow than other EU leaders and opposes sending arms to Ukraine.The proposal also raises questions for neutral or militarily non-aligned countries such as Malta  Austria and Ireland.No final decision is expected at the summit. But leaders will indicate how the EU should proceed with the proposal.A draft summit declaration said leaders “reviewed progress” on using the revenues “for the benefit of Ukraine  including possibly for funding military support” and asks EU bodies to “take work forward”.It also says the EU “is committed to increasing its overall defence readiness and capabilities to match its needs and ambition” amid “rising threats and security challenges”.It invites officials to scrutinise a European Commission plan to boost Europe’s arms industry by incentivising EU countries to buy European  and club together on joint projects.The leaders are expected to discuss the vexed question of how greater defence spending should be financed.French President Emmanuel Macron and others have embraced a proposal by Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas for European defence bonds. But other countries  including fiscally cautious Germany  Austria  the Netherlands and Sweden  are sceptical.On the war in Gaza  diplomats have been struggling to find a balance in the text that satisfies close allies of Israel such as Hungary  the Czech Republic and Austria as well as strong advocates of the Palestinians such as Spain  Ireland and Belgium.“The text we have now is a fragile vase. I hope this fragile construct will stay ” said a senior EU diplomat.With inputs from Reuters,neutral,0.04,0.7,0.26,mixed,0.09,0.24,0.67,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'EU leaders', 'arms purchase', 'Ukraine', 'Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas', 'various Russian central bank securities', 'EU central securities depositories', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', '$60 billion military aid package', 'evolving geopolitical dynamics', 'ammunition-starved Ukrainian forces', 'U.S. Congress', 'greater defence spending', 'President Volodymyr Zelenskiy', 'ongoing farmers’ protests', 'European defence bonds', 'overall defence readiness', 'The European Commission', 'senior EU diplomat', 'Russian financial assets', 'draft summit declaration', 'European Commission plan', 'European Union leaders', 'other EU leaders', 'Belgian government', 'Russian troops', 'military support', 'Russian assets', 'European Council', '2.5 billion euros', '3 billion euros', 'EU plan', 'other countries', 'ongoing invasion', 'future commitment', 'United States', 'Charles Michel', 'historical underinvestment', 'practical measures', 'wartime efforts', 'potential commencement', 'membership negotiations', 'multifaceted challenges', 'member states', 'video link', 'increasing alarm', 'recent weeks', 'executive body', 'EU-run fund', 'sensible way', 'total sense', 'broad support', 'Much attention', 'closer ties', 'final decision', 'rising threats', 'joint projects', 'cautious Germany', 'close allies', 'Czech Republic', 'strong advocates', 'fragile vase', 'fragile construct', 'defense posture', 'EU governments', 'EU bodies', '27 national leaders', 'security threats', 'security challenges', 'two-day summit', 'defense capabilities', 'arms industry', 'EU countries', 'strategies', 'discussions', 'concerns', 'aggression', 'Ukraine', 'proposal', 'billions', 'procurement', 'Moscow', 'initiative', 'Kyiv', 'Advertisement', 'uncertainties', 'urgency', 'area', 'need', 'radical', 'economy', 'preparedness', '1200 GMT', 'Brussels', 'range', 'topics', 'conflict', 'Gaza', 'Bosnia', 'agenda', 'profits', 'cash', 'year', 'Wednesday', 'banditism', 'theft', 'idea', 'purchase', 'weapons', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', '25% tax', 'proceeds', 'diplomats', 'money', 'Hungry', 'reaction', 'questions', 'neutral', 'Malta', 'Austria', 'Ireland', 'progress', 'revenues', 'benefit', 'work', 'ambition', 'officials', 'vexed', 'others', 'Netherlands', 'Sweden', 'balance', 'text', 'Israel', 'Hungary', 'Palestinians', 'Spain', 'inputs']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,firstpost.com
37849,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.digitaltrends.com/home-theater/best-tv-antennas-for-rural-areas/,The 6 best TV antennas for rural areas in 2024,The best TV antennas for rural areas have a lot of range  can handle rough weather  and are able to get the most channels. Here are our top picks for you.,It’s not a secret  if you live in a rural area  you’re likely underserved by the most popular cable  internet  and live TV streaming services. TV antennas  however  will let you pick up signals from far away  with the result being consistent  free programming. And with the advent of ATSC 3.0  which brings in higher definition pictures and improved features to over-the-air broadcasting  now is as good a time as ever to get an antenna. So much so that our A/V section editor has  somewhat anachronistically  been telling us that you finally need to get an antenna in 2024.Yet still  the world belongs to urbanites. Admittedly  many of our picks for the best TV antennas are indoor only  or don’t have the power to get broadcast signal as far as you might need it from your rural home. Here  we’re taking a better look at those that do work best for rural areas and places otherwise underserved by the modern titans of entertainment. We’ll present a quick list of the best TV antennas for rural areas  followed by an in-depth look at why each one will serve your home well  and then finish off with insights into our reasoning for why we selected these TV antennas.The best TV antennas for rural areasBuy the for a powerful  long-range antenna with everything you need to use it.for a powerful  long-range antenna with everything you need to use it. Buy the for a cheaper  but slightly less powerful alternative that is still suitable for many areas.for a cheaper  but slightly less powerful alternative that is still suitable for many areas. Buy the for a yagi antenna with great control.for a yagi antenna with great control. Buy the for a great unidirectional antenna.for a great unidirectional antenna. Buy the for a multi-use antenna that can mount to the side of your wall or balcony.for a multi-use antenna that can mount to the side of your wall or balcony. Buy the for a surprisingly cheap antenna with good durability.Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX KitBest complete kit with great performancePros Cons Includes 3-way splitter  coax cable  and other essentials An expensive kit Has amplifier switch Simple bracket mountingTo get started simply with a quality TV antenna  consider this kit from Antennas Direct. It includes a TV antenna that can be mounted to your roof with a simple bracket design  a 30-foot coaxial cable to transport what it receives to your home  and a splitter for up to three TVs to enjoy the entertainment at once. In other words  this is a good pick for everyone in the family to enjoy over-the-air programming  wherever they are in your home.The Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX weighs under three pounds and relatively easy to transport to your roof. It has a simple bolt-and-bracket mechanism for attaching to your roof  and all of the essentials — such as a 30-foot coaxial cable to port what it receives down into your home — are included in the packaging. As a result  we quite like this one. It doesn’t take an expert to get all of the appropriate and compatible wires and other equipment to make the experience great. You’ll also get extras  like an amplifier switch  which makes amplification (a sometimes-beneficial option for modern TV antennas) a snap. All-in-all  this kit is going to be on the expensive side  but that’s because it has everything and is rather powerful.Key Specifications Estimated range 70 miles Channel reception Hi-VHF  UHF Size 17.4 x 31.3 x 4 inches Weight 2.7 poundsAntennas Direct ClearStream 2MAXBest runner-upPros Cons Sturdy  quality build Not a full kit Decent reception range Simple bracket mountingAs a sort of “downgrade” to the Antennas Direct ClearStream 4Max  the 2Max variety is just fine for many people. It has a 60 mile effective range  only slightly lower than the previous  but a considerably lower profile and cost than the 4MAX version. The main reason for this is that it is not the full kit that you can get with the 4MAX  so if you know what you’re doing or are willing to shop around  you’ll be able to save quite a bit of money. Furthermore  skipping out on extras like the splitter might save you quite a bit of money on superfluous extras that your home doesn’t need.Otherwise  many of the features will be the same. The installation should be quite similar with a bracket-and-bolt design. There’s also a 20-foot mast (an upwards-facing pole) that comes with the kit for easy installation and to give you a bit of extra height. At a total of less than two pounds  anybody comfortable with ladders and climbing should be able to transport this to the roof. Finally  it is worth noting that this product has a lifetime manufacturer antenna warranty  so even though it doesn’t appear to be too tough  it should last you for the long term.Key Specifications Estimated range 60 miles Channel reception Hi-VHF  UHF Size 17.4 x 31.3 x 4 inches Weight 1.9 poundsPBD WA-2608Best yagi antennaPros Cons Includes remote rotation Rotation requires occasional readjustment Lightning protected Supports two TVS without splitter Includes 40-foot coaxial cableIf you can collectively decided on what to watch as a family  you may find that you’d like to “aim” at the broadcasting tower directly. While most TV antennas are capable of bi-directional reception gathering  getting most signal around you  a yagi aims in a uni-directional way. The PBD WA-2608 aims at whatever station you want  even when the stations you want are in multiple directions around you. For example  if the PBS station is to your North and the FOX station is to your South  you can press the red rotation button until the PBD WA-S608 points Northward to get PBS  then press and hold the button again until it points Southward to pick up FOX. You might find that you occasionally need to readjust your aim  but once you get used to it  the whole process should be relatively smooth.The PBD WA-2608 is lightning protected and comes with a 40-foot RG6 coaxial cable that is able to connect well with the antenna and receiver. You’ll appreciate its ability to support two TVs without additional splitting required. It’s easily bolted to the roof and can be placed on the side of the wall as well  but that configuration will reduce the efficacy of its 360-degree rotation  so we don’t recommend it.Key Specifications Estimated range 150 miles Channel reception VHF  UHF Size 17.5 x 13 x 14.5 inches Weight 6.4 poundsFive Star Yagi AntennaBest uni-directionalPros Cons Weather protections included Max range somewhat overstated Great uni-directional design No rotation button Includes 4-way splitterThe Five Star Yagi Antenna is probably the best TV antenna for you if you live in a rural area just outside of the city limits of a place with many broadcasting stations. It’s point-and-shoot yagi antenna design does not move easily or remotely  but once you have the proper aim lined up  you’ll be able to get a great reception for those key stations. There’s even a 4-way splitter included  so the whole family can enjoy great programming in separate rooms.Five Star states a range of 200 miles for their yagi antenna  which we assume is a somewhat theoretical range. In reality  the curvature of the Earth will likely prevent you from getting a full 200 miles except under very specific situations. This all being said  real customer reports and experiences with the Five Star Yagi Antenna from all over the glob are quite positive  including with the range. The only real negative for this design is  again  its lack of control in directionality. But  if you’re in the kind of situation where all of the main broadcast stations are generally coming from one area  this TV antenna is a great way for you to maximize your chances of getting great reception.Key Specifications Estimated range 200 miles Channel reception VHF  UHF Size 17 x 8 x 6 inches Weight 5.54 poundsAntop AT-800SBSBest for apartmentsPros Cons Multi-modal installation Large and bulky Includes VHF Enhancer Rods Also picks up FM radioWhile we expect most rural TV antenna users to be living in a home or other dwelling with rooftop access  we also know that isn’t always the case. The Antop AT-800SBS is the best TV antenna for rural areas if you’re not a homeowner. It has so many great ways that it can be mounted. While rooftop  side-of-the-wall  and even indoor options are available  there is a choice that we think you’ll really appreciate — balcony mounting.The Antop AT-800SBS has vertical and horizontal “mast bars” that can quite easily be affixed to the bars of your balcony’s perimeter. While this will naturally limit your reception capabilities to the generalized direction that the TV antenna is facing  it is certainly better than nothing and not a fault of the antenna itself. You can alternatively attempt to place it outside of or even inside of a window  but before you place anything outside of your unit (even on the exterior of your balcony wall) be sure to contact your property manager or  at the very least  check your lease. Note  also  that the Antop AT-800SBS is somewhat heavier and bulkier than you might first expect  so be sure to check out the dimensions before you get creative.A final word while we’re discussing the capabilities of the Antop AT-800SBS  it can handle FM radio  too! This means that if you’re getting a TV antenna for emergency preparedness  you can use it to get both television news and those all-critical FM news broadcasts. Just makes sure you have a portable power station and enough shielding to have the device weather through whatever storm you’re facing.Key Specifications Estimated range 85 miles Channel reception VHF  UHF  FM radio Size 23.79 x 11.2 x 6.82 inches Weight 8.28GE Outdoor UltraProBest budgetPros Cons Very low cost Somewhat difficult installation Surprisingly durable Lifetime warrantyIf you want to go all in on the free entertainment aspect of TV antennas  check out GE’s Outdoor UltraPro antenna  which can be mounted outside or in your attic (as shown on the box). It has a large body with a durable construction  though it is at least partially made of plastic. That being said  GE gives it a lifetime warranty  so we expect the long-term durability and usage to be quite high. A bit of wind won’t rip it apart.The surprising low point for the GE Outdoor UltraPro is not range  which rocks out at 70 miles  but rather the difficulty in its assembly. While paper instructions are included  the paper they’re on is tiny  and hard to read. Taking your glasses up on the roof  flipping through the pages  and then having a quick burst of wind sending the manual a mile down the road could be a nightmare. Either take pictures of the pages on a low-cost tablet and take that up with you  or do as much pre-assembly as you can before ascending your ladder.Key Specifications Estimated range 70 miles Channel reception VHF  UHF Size 29 x 15 x 20.5 inches Weight 3 poundsHow we chose these TV antennas for rural areasWhat matters to you  as a person living in a rural area  when you buy a TV antenna? Obviously  individuality matters  and it is no way fair to make large-scale assumptions about your wants or needs. However  there are some consistent features of the environment and infrastructure that are worth considering when making a selection of TV antenna. All of our selections for the best TV antennas for rural areas  above  were made with most or all of the following assumptions in mind.You have fewer nearby broadcasting stationsThe vast majority of broadcast centers are going to be centered near cities. They have resources for employees  a vast customer base  and the opportunity to make the most money. And  even should there be a broadcast station near you  there is probably only one or perhaps two. You can check your home out for yourself via the FCC’s DTV Reception Map database  though to get a better picture of what’s going on in your location.On the website  you can click each station to see where it is located relative to your position  including how many miles away it is and a direction (useful for when you want to point your antenna directly towards it for the best possible reception). It is also useful to pay attention to the band listed  where you’ll see UHF  Lo-V  and/or Hi-V. These refer to the UHF and UHV bands that your antenna will advertise being able to find.Taking these factors into consideration  we looked for TV antennas that have at least 40 miles of estimated range  but more was always considered better for rural customers. Additionally  antennas that supported both UHF and UHV were most preferred. Your local circumstances will let you know if you can get by with one or the other band. Any ability to rotate the antenna remotely was considered positive. Note that we have mixed feelings about amplification  which — as the word implies — amplifies signal. It does not refine said signal. So  if a signal is fuzzy  the amplified version could very well be fuzzier.You have roof accessHome ownership (or rental) tend to be quite high in the US at large  and the census reports that homeownership rates are highest in rural America. As such  there is a broad assumption that you have access to a roof  trailer-top  or even van top. As such  we’re looking at outdoor antennas. If you’re an apartment dweller in a rural community  you can try an indoor antenna  but you also might be out of luck. Discuss your entertainment situation with your property manager before proceeding.While we’re on the topic of the roof and being outdoors  it is worthy to mention that we understand the diverse environments of rural areas. The tree coverage and branch proximity to your rooftop — which can present challenges to both reception-getting and the health and integrity of your antenna — are going to be largely different in the rural areas 40 miles from Topeka  Kansas and those 40 miles from Knoxville  Tennessee. Likewise  weather and wind will differ in these areas. At the same time  winds can be stronger and the likelihood of being hit by a branch in a storm are naturally larger in these areas.Taking these factors into consideration  we looked for outdoor antennas that have high durability and varying profiles of size. A decently long warranty with good coverage was also worth looking into. Any factors that gave the antenna weather protection were considered highly positive.You plan on a DIY installationChances are  if you live in a rural area  you are at least considering doing the antenna installation yourself or with a local crew of your buddies. While we know this isn’t going to be the case for everyone  it is still worth considering what makes an installation easy. Lower weights and compact  foldable form factors certainly help. Be sure to check our favorite coaxial cables for TV antennas while you’re at it to ensure a smooth installation process.This article is managed and created separately from the Digital Trends Editorial team.Editors' Recommendations,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,mixed,0.71,0.21,0.08,True,English,"['6 best TV antennas', 'rural areas', 'full kit Decent reception range Simple bracket mounting', 'live TV streaming services', 'lifetime manufacturer antenna warranty', '60 mile effective range', 'Antennas Direct ClearStream 4Max', '70 miles Channel reception', 'simple bracket design', 'higher definition pictures', 'A/V section editor', 'remote rotation Rotation', '30-foot coaxial cable', '40-foot coaxial cable', 'consistent, free programming', 'Best complete kit', 'powerful, long-range antenna', 'less powerful alternative', 'best TV antennas', 'modern TV antennas', 'great unidirectional antenna', 'ClearStream 4MAX Kit', 'quality TV antenna', 'Pros Cons Sturdy', 'Best yagi antenna', 'Weight 2.7 pounds Antennas', 'simple bolt', 'bracket mechanism', 'Best runner-up', 'ClearStream 2MAX', 'Weight 1.9 pounds', 'expensive kit', 'popular cable', 'coax cable', 'The Antennas', 'modern titans', 'air programming', 'quality build', 'bolt design', 'great control', 'multi-use antenna', 'cheap antenna', 'great performance', '4MAX version', 'three pounds', 'two pounds', 'rural area', 'air broadcasting', 'broadcast signal', 'quick list', 'many areas', 'amplifier switch', 'three TVs', 'other words', 'compatible wires', 'other equipment', 'beneficial option', 'Key Specifications', 'UHF Size', '2Max variety', 'many people', 'lower profile', 'main reason', '20-foot mast', 'facing pole', 'extra height', 'long term', 'occasional readjustment', 'two TVS', 'good durability', 'good pick', 'depth look', 'other essentials', 'easy installation', 'expensive side', 'superfluous extras', '3-way splitter', 'rural home', 'secret', 'internet', 'signals', 'result', 'advent', 'ATSC', 'features', 'world', 'urbanites', 'picks', 'places', 'entertainment', 'one', 'insights', 'reasoning', 'everything', 'wall', 'balcony', 'roof', 'family', 'packaging', 'expert', 'appropriate', 'experience', 'amplification', '4 inches', 'sort', 'downgrade', 'previous', 'cost', 'bit', 'total', 'ladders', 'climbing', 'product', 'PBD', 'Lightning']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,digitaltrends.com
37850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7298576667531737,BenevolentAI Appoints New Chief Technology Officer,BenevolentAI (&#x201C;BenevolentAI&#x201D; or the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces that the current Chief Technology Officer (CTO)  Dr. Daniel N...,BenevolentAI Appoints New Chief Technology OfficerBenevolentAI (“BenevolentAI” or the “Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces that the current Chief Technology Officer (CTO)  Dr. Daniel Neil  is leaving the Company at the beginning of April after 7 years at BenevolentAI to relocate to be nearer his family. The Company is pleased to announce the appointment of Dr. James Malone as BenevolentAI’s new Chief Technology Officer. James will join at the beginning of April and will be based out of the UK  reporting into BenevolentAI’s CEO  Dr. Joerg Moeller.James has over 20 years’ experience in industry and academia  working across data engineering  AI and bioinformatics  as well as building and leading global engineering teams  largely to support biomedical R&D. Prior to joining BenevolentAI  James was Vice President of Engineering at Logically.ai and previously held senior leadership roles at AI life sciences companies BenchSci and SciBite.At BenchSci  as VP Data Engineering  Machine Learning and Bioinformatics  he was involved in applying best practices in AI and data engineering into R&D  including drug safety and discovery. As Chief Technology Officer at SciBite  James helped build software using ontologies  machine learning and knowledge graphs to analyse scientific data. Prior to this he was at the European BioInformatics Institute (EBI) working on a variety of data sources  such as Open Targets.James has a PhD in Machine Learning and Bioinformatics and spent two years at Edinburgh University as a Research Fellow in Artificial Intelligence.Dr. Joerg Moeller  Chief Executive Officer of BenevolentAI  commented: “On behalf of BenevolentAI  I want to thank Daniel Neil for his many achievements and dedication to the Company over many years and wish him well for the future. We are excited to welcome James Malone to BenevolentAI as our new CTO. James’ extensive experience is aligned to the problems of drug discovery and development and AI approaches. Specifically  his experience in building technology to support R&D within biotech will help with the continuing development of the BenevolentAI Platform TM   which is critical for us to deliver cutting edge AI-driven drug discovery.”Dr. James Malone  incoming Chief Technology Officer  commented: “ I’m excited to join the leadership team at BenevolentAI. I believe the combination of the Benevolent Platform TM   along with the Company’s in-house scientific expertise  gives BenevolentAI strong foundations to continue to advance the use of AI in drug discovery and development to find life-changing treatments for patients.”About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent Platform TM that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in-class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery.The Company’s business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools. Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.Category: Non-regulatoryView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240319657853/en/Enquiries:Investors:Fleur Wood – VP Investor Relationsfleur.wood@benevolent.aiinvestors@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360Media:Rachel Gurneypress@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360FTI Consulting:Ben Atwell/Simon Conway/Victoria Foster MitchellT: +44 203 727 1000BenevolentAI@fticonsulting.com,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,positive,0.75,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['New Chief Technology Officer', 'BenevolentAI', 'cutting edge AI-driven drug discovery', 'current Chief Technology Officer', 'incoming Chief Technology Officer', 'New Chief Technology Officer', 'AI life sciences companies', 'proprietary advanced AI tools', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dr. Joerg Moeller', 'knowledge exploration tools', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'senior leadership roles', 'house scientific expertise', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'global engineering teams', 'Dr. Daniel Neil', 'Benevolent Platform TM', 'novel drug discovery', 'biomedical R&D.', 'European BioInformatics Institute', 'Dr. James Malone', 'VP Data Engineering', 'BenevolentAI Platform TM', 'James’ extensive experience', 'pharma companies', 'scientific data', 'new biology', 'New York', 'drug safety', 'house pipelines', 'knowledge graphs', 'leadership team', 'novel targets', 'discovery collaborations', 'new CTO', 'data sources', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Vice President', 'Machine Learning', 'best practices', 'Open Targets', 'Edinburgh University', 'Research Fellow', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'many achievements', 'strong foundations', 'life-changing treatments', 'complex diseases', 'wet-lab facilities', 'business model', 'multiple routes', 'value creation', 'inflection points', 'wet labs', 'innovative medicines', 'source version', 'Rachel Gurney', 'FTI Consulting', 'Ben Atwell', 'Simon Conway', 'Logically.ai', 'AI approaches', '20 years’ experience', 'two years', 'many years', 'class drugs', 'The Company', 'continuing development', 'Fleur Wood', '7 years', 'BAI', 'beginning', 'April', 'family', 'appointment', 'UK', 'CEO', 'industry', 'academia', 'leading', 'BenchSci', 'SciBite', 'software', 'ontologies', 'EBI', 'variety', 'PhD', 'behalf', 'dedication', 'future', 'problems', 'biotech', 'combination', 'patients', 'AstraZeneca', 'Merck', 'suite', 'London', 'Cambridge', 'forefront', 'Category', 'regulatory', 'businesswire', 'news', 'Enquiries', 'Investors', 'Media', 'fticonsulting']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,investorsobserver.com
37851,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IRCE-S-P-A-76224/news/IRCE-S-p-A-FY-2023-Financial-Results-Presentation-46239810/,IRCE S p A : FY 2023 Financial Results Presentation -March 20  2024 at 05:44 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   FY 2023 Financial Results Presentation - Euronext STAR Conference 2024 - Milan  21 March 2024   FY 2023 Financial Results Presentation      Irce Spa     1     ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IRCE-S-P-A…,FY 2023 Financial Results Presentation - Euronext STAR Conference 2024 - Milan  21 March 2024Company Profile - The BusinessesMagnet WiresMagnet wires  also known as winding wires or enamelled wires  have multiple applications such as electric motors  generators  transformers  compressors  inductors  relays  solenoid valves  etc. The wire is insulated through the application of many layers of enamels by means of highly sophisticated processes and machines  which demand high levels of investments and large scale of productions.Energy CablesCables produced by the Group encompass the complete range of Low Voltage and Medium Voltage for building and industrial sector. Cables can be insulated with PVC  rubber  polyethylene  etc.. They are used for the construction of electricity plants in residential and industrial buildings and for the wiring and cabling of electrical appliances. The principal final industry sectors are the construction industry  housing and industrial applications  and consumer durables industries (domestic appliances and other electrical appliances).,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['FY 2023 Financial Results Presentation', 'IRCE S', 'March', '05:44', 'FY 2023 Financial Results Presentation', 'principal final industry sectors', 'The Businesses Magnet Wires', 'Euronext STAR Conference', 'consumer durables industries', 'other electrical appliances', 'winding wires', 'enamelled wires', 'construction industry', 'domestic appliances', 'Company Profile', 'multiple applications', 'electric motors', 'solenoid valves', 'many layers', 'sophisticated processes', 'high levels', 'large scale', 'complete range', 'Low Voltage', 'Medium Voltage', 'industrial sector', 'electricity plants', 'industrial buildings', 'industrial applications', 'Energy Cables', 'Milan', '21 March', 'generators', 'transformers', 'compressors', 'inductors', 'relays', 'enamels', 'means', 'machines', 'investments', 'productions', 'Group', 'PVC', 'rubber', 'polyethylene', 'residential', 'wiring', 'cabling', 'housing']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37852,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GPI-S-P-A-32645716/news/GPI-S-p-A-Press-Releases-Price-Sensitive-Press-Releases-20-03-2024-Finalisation-of-the-sale-of-Ar-46241243/,GPI S p A : Press Releases  Price Sensitive Press Releases 20.03.2024 Finalisation of the sale of Argentea S.r.l. leggi view scarica -March 20  2024 at 07:48 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE     FINALISATION OF THE SALE OF ARGENTEA S.R.L.   Trento  20 March 2024   Following the press releases of 23 November  5 February and 15 March  GPI S.p.A.   a company listed on the Tech Leaders segment of th…,FINALISATION OF THE SALE OF ARGENTEA S.R.L.Trento  20 March 2024Following the press releases of 23 November  5 February and 15 March  GPI S.p.A. (GPI:IM)  a company listed on the Tech Leaders segment of the Euronext Milan market  announces that today the sale of 100% of Argentea S.r.l. to Zucchetti Hospitality S.r.l.  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zucchetti S.p.A.  was formalised.The consideration paid is approximately EUR 99 million  based on an equity value of Argentea of approximately EUR 105 million. An earn-out clause is also provided for  whereby the buyer undertakes topay GPI S.p.A. an additional amount of EUR 6 million  on the sole condition that Argentea S.r.l.'s FY 2024EBITDA  to be calculated in continuity with previous management criteria  is at least equal to that of FY 2023.The capital gain generated by the purchase and sale of Argentea is approximately EUR 83 million.The proceeds from the sale of Argentea will be used to increase the Group's financial strength after the major acquisitions in 2022 and 2023 by contributing to the support of the working capital. The Company continues its strategy of developing software solutions for the digital transformation and sustainability of healthcare systems  in Italy and abroad.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Argentea S.r.l.', 'Price Sensitive Press Releases', 'GPI S', 'Finalisation', 'sale', 'view', 'March', '07', 'Zucchetti Hospitality S.r.l.', 'Zucchetti S.p.A.', 'ARGENTEA S.R.L.', 'GPI S.p.A.', 'Tech Leaders segment', 'Euronext Milan market', 'previous management criteria', 'press releases', 'owned subsidiary', 'equity value', 'earn-out clause', 'additional amount', 'sole condition', 'capital gain', 'financial strength', 'major acquisitions', 'working capital', 'software solutions', 'digital transformation', 'healthcare systems', 'The Company', 'FINALISATION', 'SALE', 'Trento', '20 March', '23 November', '5 February', '15 March', 'IM', 'consideration', 'buyer', 'FY', 'EBITDA', 'continuity', 'purchase', 'proceeds', 'Group', 'support', 'strategy', 'sustainability', 'Italy']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37853,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-The-documents-for-the-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-Shareholders-m-46243653/,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : The documents for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' meeting are available -March 20  2024 at 11:16 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  anno…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  announces that today the notice of call of the ordinary and extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting  the proxy forms  the information on the share capital  the Explanatory Report on the approval of the Statutory Financial Statements for the year ended December 31  2023  the Explanatory Report for the appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors for the years 2024-2026  the Explanatory Report on the approval to purchase and utilise treasury shares  in accordance with Articles 2357 and 2357-ter of the Italian Civil Code and the Explanatory Report on remuneration policy and remuneration paid were filed.Those documents are available at the Company's registered office  with the mechanism for the central storage used by the Company (www.1info.it) and on the Company's website www.tipspa.itunder ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders meeting/Documents"".The other documents will be filed within the statutory terms.Milan  March 20  2024TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW AND WITH A LONG- TERM APPROACH. CURRENTLY TIP HAS DIRECT OR INDIRECT INTEREST IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  APOTECA NATURA  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DIGITAL MAGICS  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  ITALIAN DESIGN BRANDS  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  PRYSMIAN  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA AND VIANOVA.Contacts: Alessandra GrittiCEO - Investor RelatorTel. 02 8858801 mail: gritti@tamburi.itThis press release is also available on the company's web site www.tipspa.itand disclosed by 1Info SDIR and 1Info Storage system (www.1info.it).",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' meeting"", 'documents', 'March', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'several excellent entrepreneurial companies', 'diversified industrial group', 'Italian Civil Code', 'LONG- TERM APPROACH', 'ITALIAN DESIGN BRANDS', 'Statutory Financial Statements', ""extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', 'Alessandra Gritti CEO', '1Info Storage system', 'Shareholders meeting', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', 'central storage', '1Info SDIR', 'Statutory Auditors', 'statutory terms', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'share capital', 'Explanatory Report', 'treasury shares', 'registered office', 'Corporate Governance', 'CLUB DEALS', '5 BILLION EURO', 'TODAY VALUES', 'INDIRECT INTEREST', 'APOTECA NATURA', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'DIGITAL MAGICS', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'TALENT GARDEN', 'Investor Relator', 'web site', 'remuneration policy', 'other documents', 'tip.mi', 'independent', 'notice', 'call', 'proxy', 'information', 'approval', 'year', 'appointment', 'Board', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Company', 'mechanism', 'website', 'tipspa', 'March', 'VIEW', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'PRYSMIAN', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'STARTIP', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'Contacts', 'Tel.']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERSEN-9632901/news/Mersen-Filing-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-URD-46244382/,Mersen: Filing of the 2023 Universal Registration Document (URD) -March 20  2024 at 12:54 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  March 20  2024 - Mersen   a global expert in electrical power and advanced materials  announces that its 2023 Universal Registration Document has been released and filed in European Single Electronic Format with the French Market…,Paris  March 20  2024 - Mersen (Euronext FR0000039620 - MRN)  a global expert in electrical power and advanced materials  announces that its 2023 Universal Registration Document (French version) has been released and filed in European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) with the French Markets Authority (AMF).It is available on the company's corporate website and the website of the AMF.The English version is available on the company's corporate website. This document contains the Annual Financial Report  the Corporate governance report and the information required under the Stock repurchase program. At the same time  the Group also publishes its updated CSR roadmap  aligned with the time horizon of its strategic plan (2027).---Mersen is a global expert in electrical power and advanced materials for high-tech industries. With more than 50 industrial sites and 18 R&D centers in 33 countries around the world  Mersen develops custom-built solutions and delivers key products for clients in order to meet the new technological challenges shaping tomorrow's world. For over 130 years  Mersen's teams has focused tirelessly on innovation to accompany its clients and meet their needs. Be it in solar power  electronics  electric vehicles  aerospace or other sectors  wherever technology is progressing  you will always find a bit of Mersen. We work to constantly contribute to progress  striving daily to improve people's lives and protect the planet. This corporate commitment has been recognized by external rating agencies  Ecovadis (Gold Medal) and MSCI (AA rating).Mersen is part of the SBF 120 index (Euronext Paris - Compartment B).Véronique BocaVP  Communication MersenTel. + 33 (0)1 46 91 54 40Email: dri@mersen.comMERSEN MEDIA RELATIONSGuillaume Maujean / Alexia GachetBrunswickTel.: +33 (0)6 33 06 55 93Email: mersen@brunswickgroup.com,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Mersen', 'Filing', 'URD', 'March', '12:54', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'Véronique Boca VP', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Stock repurchase program', '18 R&D centers', 'new technological challenges', 'French Markets Authority', 'external rating agencies', 'Corporate governance report', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'MERSEN MEDIA RELATIONS', 'French version', 'AA rating', 'corporate commitment', 'Euronext FR0000039620', 'global expert', 'electrical power', 'advanced materials', 'English version', 'same time', 'CSR roadmap', 'time horizon', 'strategic plan', 'high-tech industries', '50 industrial sites', 'custom-built solutions', 'key products', 'solar power', 'electric vehicles', 'other sectors', 'Gold Medal', 'SBF 120 index', 'Compartment B', 'Guillaume Maujean', 'Alexia Gachet', 'corporate website', 'Euronext Paris', 'Communication Mersen', 'MRN', 'ESEF', 'AMF', 'company', 'information', 'Group', 'updated', '33 countries', 'world', 'clients', 'order', 'tomorrow', '130 years', 'teams', 'innovation', 'needs', 'electronics', 'aerospace', 'technology', 'bit', 'progress', 'people', 'lives', 'planet', 'Ecovadis', 'MSCI', 'Tel.', 'Email', 'dri', 'Brunswick']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LA-FRANCAISE-DES-JEUX-75739100/news/Availability-of-Documents-in-Preparation-for-the-Combined-General-Meeting-of-La-Francaise-des-Jeux-46244431/,Availability of Documents in Preparation for the Combined General Meeting of La Française des Jeux (FDJ) on 25 April 2024,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:The shareholders of La Française des Jeux are notified that an Ordinary and Extraordinary Annual General Meeting will be held at 2:30 p.m. on 25 April 2024 at the Palais des Congrès  Issy-les-Moulineaux  France.Shar…,Regulatory News:The shareholders of La Française des Jeux (Paris:FDJ) are notified that an Ordinary and Extraordinary Annual General Meeting will be held at 2:30 p.m. on 25 April 2024 at the Palais des Congrès  Issy-les-Moulineaux  France.Shareholders who wouldn’t be able to physically attend the meeting will be able to follow the General Meeting live on the company’s website at www.groupefdj.com.The preliminary notice convening the meeting and including the agenda  draft resolutions and details of how to take part in the meeting was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on 20 March 2024. The convening notice will appear in the Journal Spécial des Sociétés on 8 April 2024.All documents and information in connection with the meeting will be available to shareholders as laid down in applicable regulations. They are directly available online on the Company’s website (www.groupefdj.com)  under the “Finance / Annual General Meeting” section. Documents already available include the following:- Universal Registration Document for the financial year ended 31 December 2023;- Preliminary notice of meeting published today in the BALO;- Board of Directors' report to the General Meeting.All documentation related to the General Meeting will be available in full online by 4 April 2024 at the latest.Shareholders are reminded that they may address their written questions to the Chairwoman of the Board of Directors  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and as specified in the preliminary notice of meeting published in the BALO. As part of this process  FDJ allows shareholders to send written questions accompanied by a certificate of shareholder account registration  by email  to the following address: agfdj2024@lfdj.com.In addition to the legally regulated procedure for written questions  shareholders will have the chance to ask questions on 25 April 2024 during the Q&A session of the General Meeting  either live in the room if they are present at the General Meeting  or via a live chat that can be accessed when connected to the General Meeting’s live webcast.For any enquiries  shareholders can call the following toll-free number: 0805 650 660.Shareholders can also contact us via the following email address:contact@actionnaires-fdj.com.About FDJ GroupFrance's leading gaming operator and one of the industry leaders worldwide  FDJ offers responsible gaming to the general public in the form of lottery games (draws and instant games)  sports betting (through its ParionsSport point de vente et ParionsSport en ligne brands)  horse-race betting and poker. FDJ's performance is driven by a large portfolio of iconic brands  the leading local sales network in France  a growing market  and recurring investments. The Group implements an innovative strategy to increase the attractiveness of its gaming and service offering across all distribution channels  by offering a responsible customer experience.FDJ Group is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A – FDJ.PA) and is part of the SBF 120  Euronext 100  Euronext Vigeo 20  EN EZ ESG L 80  STOXX Europe 600  MSCI Europe and FTSE Euro indices.For more information  visit www.groupefdj.com@FDJ FDJ @FDJ_official @FDJView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320327641/en/,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['La Française des', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Availability', 'Documents', 'Preparation', 'Jeux', 'FDJ', '25 April', 'Journal Spécial des Sociétés', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'La Française des Jeux', 'Palais des Congrès', 'EN EZ ESG L', 'leading local sales network', 'Extraordinary Annual General Meeting', 'Universal Registration Document', 'shareholder account registration', 'FTSE Euro indices', 'View source version', 'Q&A session', 'leading gaming operator', 'responsible customer experience', 'ParionsSport point de', 'following email address', 'following toll', 'responsible gaming', 'Compartment A', 'general public', 'Regulatory News', 'preliminary notice', 'convening notice', 'financial year', 'live chat', 'live webcast', 'free number', 'industry leaders', 'lottery games', 'instant games', 'sports betting', 'ligne brands', 'horse-race betting', 'large portfolio', 'iconic brands', 'growing market', 'recurring investments', 'The Group', 'innovative strategy', 'service offering', 'distribution channels', 'regulated market', 'STOXX Europe', 'MSCI Europe', 'written questions', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'applicable regulations', ""Directors' report"", 'FDJ Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'FDJ FDJ', 'shareholders', '25 April', 'Issy-les-Moulineaux', 'France', 'company', 'website', 'groupefdj', 'agenda', 'draft', 'resolutions', 'details', 'BALO', '20 March', '8 April', 'documents', 'information', 'connection', 'Finance', 'section', 'Board', 'documentation', '4 April', 'Chairwoman', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'force', 'process', 'certificate', 'agfdj2024', 'lfdj', 'addition', 'procedure', 'chance', 'room', 'enquiries', 'actionnaires', 'draws', 'vente', 'poker', 'performance', 'attractiveness', 'SBF', 'FDJ_official', 'businesswire', '2:30', '0805']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Invitation-to-the-ordinary-general-shareholders-meeting-and-an-extraordinary-shareholders-meeting-46244432/,Invitation to the ordinary general shareholders meeting and an extraordinary shareholders meeting,(marketscreener.com) Publication of the annual report 2023Press release – regulated information Ghent  BELGIUM  March 20  2024 -- – Biotalys   an Agricultural Technology company pioneering protein-based biocontrol solutions for sustainable crop protection  ha…,Publication of the annual report 2023Press release – regulated informationGhent  BELGIUM  March 20  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- – Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company pioneering protein-based biocontrol solutions for sustainable crop protection  has the honor to invite its shareholders  holders of subscription rights and all other persons entitled to participate in its shareholders meetings  to the ordinary general shareholders meeting and an extraordinary shareholders meeting that will be held on Tuesday  23 April 2024  10.00h CET at the Company’s headquarters.Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by mail or by written proxy. Furthermore  the Company recommends its securities holders to exercise their right to ask questions about the agenda items for the shareholders meetings in writing in advance of the meetings. More information about voting by mail or by written proxy and exercising the right to ask questions can be found in the convening notice.In order to be admitted to the shareholders meetings  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with Article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the Company’s Articles of Association and meet the requirements outlined in the convening notice. The convening notice and other documents relating to the shareholders meetings  including the Biotalys annual report for 2023  can be found on the Company’s website.- ENDS -For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of Investor Relations and CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.Attachments,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['ordinary general shareholders meeting', 'extraordinary shareholders meeting', 'Invitation', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'ordinary general shareholders meeting', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'extraordinary shareholders meeting', 'safer food supply', 'sustainable crop protection', 'Biotalys annual report', 'Agricultural Technology', 'Press release', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'subscription rights', 'other persons', 'voting rights', 'agenda items', 'convening notice', 'Belgian Code', 'other documents', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Investor Relations', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'shareholders meetings', 'regulated information', 'More information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'securities holders', 'Publication', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'BTLS', 'Company', 'AgTech', 'honor', 'Tuesday', 'April', '10.00h', 'headquarters', 'mail', 'written', 'proxy', 'questions', 'writing', 'advance', 'order', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'requirements', 'website', 'ENDS', 'Communications', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Attachments', '2023', '9']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849678/0/en/Invitation-to-the-ordinary-general-shareholders-meeting-and-an-extraordinary-shareholders-meeting.html,Invitation to the ordinary general shareholders meeting and an extraordinary shareholders meeting,Publication of the annual report 2023 Publication of the annual report 2023,Press release – regulated informationGhent  BELGIUM  March 20  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- – Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company pioneering protein-based biocontrol solutions for sustainable crop protection  has the honor to invite its shareholders  holders of subscription rights and all other persons entitled to participate in its shareholders meetings  to the ordinary general shareholders meeting and an extraordinary shareholders meeting that will be held on Tuesday  23 April 2024  10.00h CET at the Company’s headquarters.Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by mail or by written proxy. Furthermore  the Company recommends its securities holders to exercise their right to ask questions about the agenda items for the shareholders meetings in writing in advance of the meetings. More information about voting by mail or by written proxy and exercising the right to ask questions can be found in the convening notice.In order to be admitted to the shareholders meetings  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with Article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the Company’s Articles of Association and meet the requirements outlined in the convening notice. The convening notice and other documents relating to the shareholders meetings  including the Biotalys annual report for 2023  can be found on the Company’s website.- ENDS -For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of Investor Relations and CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['ordinary general shareholders meeting', 'extraordinary shareholders meeting', 'Invitation', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'ordinary general shareholders meeting', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'extraordinary shareholders meeting', 'safer food supply', 'Biotalys annual report', 'sustainable crop protection', 'Agricultural Technology', 'Press release', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'subscription rights', 'other persons', 'voting rights', 'agenda items', 'convening notice', 'Belgian Code', 'other documents', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Investor Relations', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'shareholders meetings', 'regulated information', 'More information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'securities holders', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'BTLS', 'Company', 'AgTech', 'honor', 'Tuesday', 'April', '10.00h', 'headquarters', 'mail', 'written', 'proxy', 'questions', 'writing', 'advance', 'order', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'requirements', 'website', 'ENDS', 'Communications', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', '9']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37858,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-46244328/,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares -March 20  2024 at 12:50 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) 20 March 2024 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to the share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release…,20 March 2024 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to the share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 13 and 19 March 2024.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 25 May 2023 the powers of the Board of Directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 709 073 (1.3%) on 19 March 2024. The total number of ordinary shares equals 53 708 999.- End of abstract -Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerEdouard Janssen  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'March', '12:50', 'share buyback programme', 'full press release', ""D'Ieteren Group"", ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Stéphanie Voisin', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'Francis Deprez', 'Edouard Janssen', 'Investor Relations', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'March', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '25 May', 'powers', 'Board', 'Directors', 'period', '5 years', 'End', 'Tel', 'mail', 'dieterengroup', 'Website', '13']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37859,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46237882/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares -March 20  2024 at 03:02 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 20-March-2024 / 07:00...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46237882/?utm_med…,"20 March 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 19 March 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 60 000 40 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.576 £1.344 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.560 £1.336 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.571590 £1.341496The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 645 387 728 shares  each carrying the right to one vote. TheCompany holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Numis Securities Ltd on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 412 1.560 XDUB 08:07:10 00069276714TRLO0 1212 1.562 XDUB 08:07:10 00069276715TRLO0 7882 1.566 XDUB 09:18:13 00069279063TRLO0 6597 1.564 XDUB 12:21:30 00069285119TRLO0 794 1.570 XDUB 13:35:20 00069286907TRLO0 4436 1.570 XDUB 13:35:20 00069286908TRLO0 1826 1.570 XDUB 13:35:20 00069286909TRLO0 6790 1.570 XDUB 14:06:48 00069288325TRLO0 390 1.576 XDUB 15:15:39 00069291014TRLO0 294 1.576 XDUB 15:15:39 00069291015TRLO0 294 1.576 XDUB 15:15:39 00069291016TRLO0 9552 1.576 XDUB 15:15:39 00069291017TRLO0 3703 1.576 XDUB 15:15:39 00069291018TRLO0 3606 1.576 XDUB 15:46:40 00069292240TRLO0 2931 1.576 XDUB 15:46:40 00069292241TRLO0 4594 1.576 XDUB 16:12:40 00069293640TRLO0 1722 1.576 XDUB 16:12:40 00069293641TRLO0 2965 1.576 XDUB 16:14:40 00069293760TRLO0London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'March', '03:02', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Transaction Details Issuer Name', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Transaction Transaction reference number', 'Trading Venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'shares Price', 'one vote', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', '645,387,728 shares', 'March', 'broker', 'purchases', 'part', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'No', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00069276714TRLO0', '00069276715TRLO0', '00069279063TRLO0', '00069285119TRLO0', '00069286907TRLO0', '00069286908TRLO0', '00069286909TRLO0', '00069288325TRLO0', '00069291014TRLO0', '00069291015TRLO0', '00069291016TRLO0', '00069291017TRLO0', '00069291018TRLO0', '00069292240TRLO0', '00069292241TRLO0', '00069293640TRLO0', '00069293641TRLO0', '00069293760TRLO0']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37860,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849675/0/en/Voltalia-SA-Total-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-in-the-share-capital-as-of-February-29-2024.html,Voltalia SA: Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of February 29  2024,Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of February 29  2024  (Articles L. 233-8 (II) of the French Commercial Code and 223-16...,Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of February 29  2024(Articles L. 233-8 (II) of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French Financial Markets Authority)Date Total number of shares in the capital Number of theoretical voting rights Number of exercisable voting rights 02/29/2024 131 318 716 197 646 470 197 010 602Next on the agenda: 2023 Results  on April 2nd  2024 (before market opening)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.8 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.1 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 850 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Seitosei ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer JulliaEmail: jennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.com T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Voltalia SA', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'shares', 'February', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'theoretical voting rights Number', 'French Commercial Code', 'exercisable voting rights', 'renewable energy sector', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy projects', 'Total number', 'capital Number', 'share capital', 'General Regulations', 'April 2nd', 'market opening', 'international player', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Contact', 'investor clients', 'Seitosei Actifin', 'green electricity', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'shares', 'February', 'Articles', 'Date', 'agenda', '2023 Results', 'Voltalia', 'operation', 'construction', '2.8 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '16.1 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,850 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'T.', 'Email', 'Attachment']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37861,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849097/0/en/Cabka-2023-Full-Year-Investor-Presentation.html,Cabka 2023 Full Year Investor Presentation,PRESS RELEASE         Amsterdam 20 March 2024. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in...,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam 20 March 2024. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  published the investor presentation on the preliminary non-audited 2023 full year results.Cabka CEO Tim Litjens and CFO Frank Roerink will host a webcast with an overview of Cabka’s strategic progress and financial performance in 2023  followed by Q&A at 10.30 CET today. The investor presentation for the webcast is attached to this press release.To participate in the online investor presentation and Q&A at 10.30 CET today please use the following link: https://channel.royalcast.com/cabka/#!/cabka/20240320_1Cabka N.V. published its preliminary unaudited full year 2023 results on 19 March 2024.Financial Calendar 202420 March Webcast Preliminary Results 202318 April Publication Annual Report 2023 and Trading Update 2024Q130 May Annual General Meeting of Shareholders13 August Half-Year Results and Half-Year Report 202421 October Trading Update 2024Q3For more information  please contact:Nadia Lubbe  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com   or n.lubbe@cabka.com;+49 152 243 254 79www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO products are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Cabka 2023 Full Year Investor Presentation', 'preliminary unaudited full year 2023 results', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', '30 May Annual General Meeting', 'international securities identification number', '18 April Publication Annual Report', 'Cabka CEO Tim Litjens', '2023 full year results', '20 March Webcast Preliminary Results', 'full value chain', 'CFO Frank Roerink', 'large container solutions', 'logistics chain sustainability', '13 August Half-Year Results', 'road safety products', '21 October Trading Update', 'rare industry knowledge', 'Cabka N.V.', 'online investor presentation', 'preliminary non', 'Half-Year Report', 'actual results', 'ECO products', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'strategic progress', 'financial performance', 'Q&A', 'following link', 'Financial Calendar', 'Press contact', 'Commercial contact', 'integrated approach', 'innovation center', 'attractive returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'future events', 'current view', 'financial position', 'future performance', 'undue reliance', 'looking statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'plastic waste', 'post-industrial waste', 'Nadia Lubbe', 'maximum use', 'recycled plastics', 'production loop', 'other risks', 'CABKA ticker', 'The Company', 'post-consumer waste', '19 March', '1 March', 'subsidiaries', 'RTP', 'overview', '10.30 CET', 'royalcast', 'Shareholders', 'information', 'investors', 'business', 'construction', 'recycling', 'manufacturing', 'capability', 'capacity', 'end-products', 'Disclaimer', 'content', 'terms', 'plans', 'projects', 'case', 'negative', 'discussions', 'strategy', 'objectives', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'Readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'law', 'Attachments']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37862,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-Publication-of-2023-Annual-Report-and-2024-AGM-Notice-46237522/,BenevolentAI: Publication of 2023 Annual Report and 2024 AGM Notice -March 20  2024 at 02:01 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:BenevolentAI   a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the convening notice for…,Regulatory News:BenevolentAI (“BenevolentAI” or the “Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the “2023 Annual Report”) and the convening notice for its annual general meeting to be held on 2 May 2024 at 14:00 CEST at 2  place Winston Churchill  L-1340 Luxembourg (the “2024 AGM”) (the “2024 AGM Notice”).The 2023 Annual Report  the 2024 AGM Notice  the amended Remuneration Policy of the Company  the proxy form and any other meeting documentation are available on the Company’s website (www.benevolent.com/investors/general-meetings/) and at the Company’s registered office.The shareholders entitled to participate and vote at the 2024 AGM will be those who are shareholders on the record date of 18 April 2024 at 24:00 (midnight) CEST.About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent PlatformTM that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in-class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery. The Company’s business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools. Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240319511679/en/,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Annual Report', '2024 AGM Notice', 'BenevolentAI', 'Publication', 'March', 'proprietary advanced AI tools', 'knowledge exploration tools', 'other meeting documentation', 'annual general meeting', 'house scientific expertise', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'novel drug discovery', 'The 2023 Annual Report', 'novel targets', 'discovery collaborations', 'house pipelines', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'convening notice', 'Winston Churchill', 'L-1340 Luxembourg', 'Remuneration Policy', 'proxy form', 'record date', 'new biology', 'complex diseases', 'wet-lab facilities', 'business model', 'multiple routes', 'value creation', 'pharma companies', 'inflection points', 'wet labs', 'New York', 'innovative medicines', 'source version', 'The Company', '2024 AGM Notice', 'registered office', 'Benevolent PlatformTM', 'class drugs', 'BenevolentAI', 'BAI', 'leader', 'publication', 'Accounts', 'year', '2 May', '14:00 CEST', 'place', 'website', 'investors', 'general-meetings', 'shareholders', '18 April', 'midnight', 'patients', 'science', 'combination', 'AstraZeneca', 'Merck', 'suite', 'London', 'Cambridge', 'UK', 'forefront', 'future', 'businesswire', '24:00']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37863,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-Inside-Information-Ad-Hoc-Information-Publication-of-2023-Annual-Report-and-2024-AG-46237600/,BenevolentAI : Inside Information / Ad Hoc Information Publication of 2023 Annual Report and 2024 AGM Notice -March 20  2024 at 02:14 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   BenevolentAI   Publication of 2023 Annual Report and 2024 AGM Notice   London  UK  20 March 2024: BenevolentAI   a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of its Ann…,"BenevolentAIPublication of 2023 Annual Report and 2024 AGM NoticeLondon  UK  20 March 2024: BenevolentAI (""BenevolentAI"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces the publication of its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the ""2023 Annual Report"") and the convening notice for its annual general meeting to be held on 2 May 2024 at 14:00 CEST at 2  place Winston Churchill  L-1340 Luxembourg (the ""2024 AGM"") (the ""2024 AGM Notice"").The 2023 Annual Report  the 2024 AGM Notice  the amended Remuneration Policy of the Company  the proxy formand any other meeting documentation are available on the Company's website (www.benevolent.com/investors/general-meetings/) and at the Company's registered office.The shareholders entitled to participate and vote at the 2024 AGM will be those who are shareholders on the record date of 18 April 2024 at 24:00 (midnight) CEST.Enquiries:Investors:Fleur Wood - VP Investor Relations fleur.wood@benevolent.aiinvestors@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360Company Secretary:Judit Molnar - Deputy Company Secretary cosec@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent PlatformTM that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in-class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery. The Company's business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools. Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.71,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['Ad Hoc Information Publication', 'Inside Information', '2023 Annual Report', '2024 AGM Notice', 'BenevolentAI', 'March', 'proprietary advanced AI tools', 'knowledge exploration tools', 'other meeting documentation', 'VP Investor Relations', 'house scientific expertise', 'annual general meeting', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'novel drug discovery', 'Deputy Company Secretary', 'novel targets', 'discovery collaborations', 'house pipelines', '2023 Annual Report', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'convening notice', 'Winston Churchill', 'L-1340 Luxembourg', 'Remuneration Policy', 'proxy form', 'record date', 'Judit Molnar', 'new biology', 'complex diseases', 'wet-lab facilities', 'business model', 'multiple routes', 'value creation', 'pharma companies', 'inflection points', 'wet labs', 'New York', 'innovative medicines', '2024 AGM Notice', 'The Company', 'registered office', 'Fleur Wood', 'class drugs', 'Benevolent PlatformTM', 'BenevolentAI', 'Publication', 'London', 'UK', 'BAI', 'leader', 'Accounts', 'year', '2 May', '14:00 CEST', 'place', 'website', 'investors', 'shareholders', '18 April', 'midnight', 'Enquiries', 'patients', 'science', 'combination', 'AstraZeneca', 'Merck', 'suite', 'Cambridge', 'forefront', 'future', '24:00']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37864,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Waga-Energy-launches-a-capital-increase-46244624/,Waga Energy: launches a capital increase -March 20  2024 at 01:21 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Waga Energy announces the launch of a capital increase with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights  reserved for certain categories of beneficiaries  for a total minimum amount of 45 million euros.The offering incl…,"Waga Energy: launches a capital increaseMarch 20  2024 at 01:21 pm EDT ShareWaga Energy announces the launch of a capital increase with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights  reserved for certain categories of beneficiaries  for a total minimum amount of 45 million euros.The offering includes investments from Air Liquide Investissements d'Avenir et Démonstration (ALIAD)  Noria  Starquest  VOL-V  CMA-CGM and Tertium Croissance  the historical shareholders  and Enowe  who have signed subscription commitments.The Company has received irrevocable subscription commitments for a total amount of 18.3 million euros. The accelerated bookbuilding is starting immediately and is expected to be completed before the opening of the regulated market of Euronext Paris on March 21  2024  subject to early closing.Waga Energy is experiencing a significant acceleration in its growth  particularly in North America  and intends to use the net proceeds of the Offer to finance the equity share of capex for new projects and the prefabrication and manufacture of WAGABOX(c) units to support its international growth.With the net proceeds of the Offering  together with other non-dilutive sources of financing  including corporate debt  the Company expects to be able to finance the capex required to achieve its sales target of €200 million in 2026.Mathieu Lefebvre  Chairman and CEO of Waga Energy  comments: ""We currently have 20 units in operation  13 more under construction  and around 160 projects under active development worldwide  half of which are in the United States  where we have just started up our first unit. This financing will enable us to seize opportunities in this strategic market  where we have won numerous tenders in recent months. 'Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,positive,0.67,0.31,0.02,True,English,"['Waga Energy', 'capital increase', 'March', '01:21', ""shareholders' preferential subscription rights"", 'Air Liquide Investissements', 'other non-dilutive sources', 'irrevocable subscription commitments', 'total minimum amount', 'WAGABOX(c) units', 'historical shareholders', 'total amount', 'Waga Energy', 'capital increase', 'EDT Share', '45 million euros', 'Démonstration', 'Tertium Croissance', '18.3 million euros', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'early closing', 'significant acceleration', 'North America', 'net proceeds', 'equity share', 'corporate debt', 'sales target', 'Mathieu Lefebvre', 'active development', 'United States', 'first unit', 'strategic market', 'numerous tenders', 'recent months', 'The Company', 'new projects', 'international growth', '20 units', '160 projects', 'March', 'launch', 'cancellation', 'categories', 'beneficiaries', 'offering', 'investments', 'Avenir', 'ALIAD', 'Noria', 'Starquest', 'VOL-V', 'CMA-CGM', 'Enowe', 'bookbuilding', 'opening', 'capex', 'prefabrication', 'manufacture', 'financing', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'operation', 'construction', 'half', 'opportunities', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', '01', '21']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37865,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUTELSAT-COMMUNICATIONS-5147/news/Eutelsat-Communications-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-46236457/,Eutelsat Communications : Inside Information / Other news releases -March 19  2024 at 08:42 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Eutelsat Group and Intelsat ink significant new deal for partnership on Eutelsat's OneWeb Low Earth Orbit Constellation    Strategic multi-year partnership valued at up to $500 million over duration  deepening long-standing cooper…,"Eutelsat Group and Intelsat ink significant new deal for partnership on Eutelsat's OneWeb Low Earth Orbit Constellation Strategic multi-year partnership valued at up to $500 million over duration  deepening long-standing cooperation between the two companies.multi-year partnership valued at up to $500 million over duration  deepening long-standing cooperation between the two companies. Enabling Intelsat to expand integration of LEO into its GEO assets to deliver unparalleled customer solutions.Leveraging Intelsat's extensive experience into the build-out of the Next generation OneWeb constellation as one of its major practitioners. Paris  19 March 2024 - Eutelsat Group (ISIN: FR0010221234 - Euronext Paris / London Stock Exchange: ETL) announces that it has signed a major new multi-year multimillion-dollar agreement partnering with Intelsat on its OneWeb Low Earth Orbit Constellation. Commencing in mid-2024  the deal is valued at up to $500 million over seven years  with a firm commitment of $250m  including the $45m deal signed in March 20231  with options of a further $250 million by the end of the period. It will enable Intelsat to combine OneWeb's LEO Network with its GEO and terrestrial networks to deliver comprehensive customer solutions supporting networks  government  and mobility sectors. Innovation and technological advancement and the opportunity to incorporate Intelsat's input into the build-out of the Next generation OneWeb constellation as one of its major practitioners will form key elements of the partnership. Such collaboration will help to further enhance the OneWeb system as it evolves to support complex  next-generation communication needs and offer robust and reliable connectivity solutions that are second to none. ""Over the past couple of years  Intelsat has leveraged our partnership with the Eutelsat Group to initiate our strategy of enabling multi-orbit solutions in the commercial aviation and government markets. Today's announcement takes that partnership to a new level  enhancing our ability to offer new  true multi-orbit services and solutions across our portfolio of customers and business segments."" said Dave Wajsgras  Chief Executive Officer of Intelsat. 1 Multi-orbit agreement signed in March 2023  integrating OneWeb services and Eutelsat's geostationary high-throughput capacity to support mobile connectivity solutions over Europe  the Middle East  and the Pacific.Eva Berneke  Chief Executive Officer of Eutelsat Group added: ""This expanded partnership with Intelsat represents a strong vote of confidence in the capabilities of the OneWeb satellite constellation  today and well into the future  as well as showcasing the necessity in today's world for major satellite operators to be able to offer multi-orbitsolutions to their customers. We are also delighted to further deepen our collaborative approach with Intelsat going forward  leveraging its unparalleled experience in the key verticals of Aviation and Government. About Eutelsat Group Eutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of Eutelsat and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 35 geostationary (GEO) satellites and a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites. The Group addresses customers' needs in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group's unique suite of in-orbit assets and on-ground infrastructure enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 people from more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and theLondon Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL). Find out more at www.eutelsat.com Media enquiries Joanna Darlington Tel. +33 674 521 531jdarlington@eutelsat.com Anita Baltagi Tel. +33 643 930 178 abaltagi@eutelsat.com Katie Dowd Tel. +1 202 271 2209 kdowd@oneweb.net Investors Joanna Darlington Tel. +33 674 521 531 jdarlington@eutelsat.com Hugo Laurens Berge +33 670 80 95 58 hlaurensberge@eutelsat.com DISCLAIMER The forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management's views and assumptions as of the date of this document. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to: risks related to the health crisis; operational risks related to satellite failures or impaired satellite performance  or failure to roll out the deployment plan as planned and within the expected timeframe; risks related to the trend in the satellite telecommunications market resulting from increased competition or technological changes affecting the market; risks related to the international dimension of the Group's customers and activities; risks related to the adoption of international rules on frequency coordination and financial risks related  inter alia  to the financial guarantee granted to the Intergovernmental Organization's closed pension fund  and foreign exchange risk. Eutelsat Communications expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this document to",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.18,0.53,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Information', 'March', '08:42', 'OneWeb Low Earth Orbit Constellation Strategic multi-year partnership', 'major new multi-year,multimillion-dollar agreement partnering', 'Next generation OneWeb constellation', 'complex, next-generation communication needs', 'new, true multi-orbit services', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'OneWeb satellite constellation', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'geostationary high-throughput capacity', 'Hugo Laurens Berge', 'major satellite operators', 'significant new deal', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'satellite telecommunications mark', 'comprehensive customer solutions', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', 'Investors Joanna Darlington', 'unparalleled customer solutions', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'reliable connectivity solutions', 'four key verticals', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'mobile connectivity solutions', '35 geostationary (GEO) satellites', '1 Multi-orbit agreement', 'orbit assets', 'LEO) constellation', 'OneWeb services', 'new level', 'OneWeb system', 'major practitioners', 'multi-orbit solutions', 'satellite communications', 'satellite failures', 'satellite performance', 'Such collaboration', 'unparalleled experience', 'broadcast services', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'integrated solutions', 'key elements', 'long-standing cooperation', 'two companies', 'GEO assets', 'extensive experience', 'firm commitment', '$45m deal', 'mobility sectors', 'technological advancement', 'past couple', 'government markets', 'business segments', 'Dave Wajsgras', 'Middle East', 'Eva Berneke', 'strong vote', 'collaborative approach', 'global leader', '6,500 television channels', 'Government Services', 'unique suite', 'ground infrastructure', 'digital divide', 'Media enquiries', 'Anita Baltagi', 'Katie Dowd', 'illustrative purposes', 'health crisis', 'deployment plan', ""customers' needs"", 'The Group', 'LEO Network', 'Eutelsat Group', 'seven years', 'terrestrial networks', 'commercial aviation', 'global customers', 'unknown risks', 'operational risks', 'The Company', 'Leveraging Intelsat', '600 satellites', 'duration', 'integration', 'build', 'ISIN', 'ETL', 'mid-20', 'March', 'options', 'end', 'period', 'Innovation', 'opportunity', 'input', 'robust', 'none', 'strategy', 'announcement', 'ability', 'portfolio', 'Europe', 'Pacific', 'expanded', 'confidence', 'capabilities', 'future', 'necessity', 'today', 'world', 'multi-orbitsolutions', 'combination', 'fleet', 'Video', '1,700 people', '50 countries', 'hlaurensberge', 'DISCLAIMER', 'management', 'views', 'assumptions', 'date', 'document', 'expected', 'timeframe', '19']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37866,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-announces-dividend-proposal-and-further-fleet-optimisation-and-growth-46245674/,Euronav : announces dividend proposal and further fleet optimisation and growth -March 20  2024 at 04:22 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Euronav announces dividend proposal and further fleet optimisation and growth      20 Mar 2024 21:19 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   EURONAV      EURONAV ANNOUNCES DIVIDEND PROPOSAL AND...https://www.marketscreen…,"Euronav announces dividend proposal and further fleet optimisation and growthEURONAV ANNOUNCES DIVIDEND PROPOSAL AND FURTHER FLEET OPTIMISATION AND GROWTHANTWERP  Belgium  20 March 2024 - Euronav NV (""EURN""  ""Euronav"" or ""the Company"") (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN) announces its dividend proposal at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting and further fleet optimisation with the sale of three VLCCs  the delivery of the Mineral France and orders of two Newcastlemaxes & an additional VLCC.Closing a transformative chapterThe year 2023 to date has been a transformative period for Euronav & CMB.TECH and its shareholders. The deadlock with Frontline was resolved  the renewed strategy to become the benchmark in sustainable shipping was rolled out through the successful completion of the CMB.TECH transaction  and the mandatory public takeover bid was concluded.The Supervisory Board will propose to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of 16 May 2024 to distribute USD 4.57 per share to all shareholders. This payout is proposed to be a combination of a dividend and a repayment from the share issue premium. This distribution approach will be optimal for shareholders as Euronav anticipates that the share issuance payment part of the distribution will represent more than 90% of the distribution. This distribution is exempt from any withholding tax.A new chapter is being written - full steam ahead to execute the value-creating strategyEuronav has sold the VLCC Nectar (2008 - 307 284 DWT)  VLCC Newton (2009 - 307 208 DWT)  and VLCC Noble (2008 - 307 284 DWT). This sale reconfirms Euronav & CMB.TECH's strategy of recycling capital at a historical high point in the tanker market. This transaction will generate a capital gain of USD 83 5 million.Furthermore  Euronav concluded an order for two Newcastlemaxes and one additional VLCC at Qingdao Beihai Shipyard (China). The vessels are expected to be delivered in Q1 and Q2 2027. Euronav & CMB.TECH now have five VLCCs and still twenty-four Newcastlemaxes on order at Qingdao Beihai Shipyard. All of these will be ammonia ready/fitted.On 18 March  Euronav & CMB.TECH took delivery of the fourth super-eco Newcastlemax Mineral France (2024 - 210 000 DWT). This brings Euronav & CMB.TECH's Newcastlemax fleet to four vessels on the water all trading spot in a highly supportive dry-bulk freight environment. Another 6 Newcastlemaxes are expected to be delivered during the course of 2024.These recent transactions once again demonstrate that Euronav & CMB.TECH are going full steam ahead with the ambition to grow and to become the benchmark in sustainable shipping.Contact:Communications Coordinator - Enya Derkinderen Tel: +32 476646359 Email: communications@euronav.comHead of Marketing & Communications - Katrien Hennin Tel: +32 499393470 Email: katrien.hennin@cmb.beAnnouncement final year results - 4 April 2024About Euronav NV & CMB.TECHEuronav and CMB.TECH together represent a group with around 150 ocean-going vessels (including newbuildings) in dry bulk  container shipping  chemical tankers  offshore wind and oil tankers. The group focuses on large marine and industrial applications on hydrogen or ammonia. They also offer hydrogen and ammonia fuel to customers  through own production or third-party producers. The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices across Europe and Asia.Euronav is listed on Euronext Brussels and on the NYSE under the symbol EURN.Euronav plans to change the group's name to CMB.TECH. Euronav will remain the oil tanker shipping company within the group.Forward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbour protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbour provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbour legislation. The words ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""may""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""pending"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.press-release-dividend-and-fleet-optimisation-eng.pdf",neutral,0.27,0.71,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.2,0.49,True,English,"['dividend proposal', 'fleet optimisation', 'Euronav', 'growth', 'March', '04:22', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'fourth super-eco Newcastlemax Mineral France', 'mandatory public takeover bid', 'supportive dry-bulk freight environment', 'share issuance payment part', 'oil tanker shipping company', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Qingdao Beihai Shipyard', 'safe harbour protections', 'safe harbour provisions', 'safe harbour legislation', 'share issue premium', 'historical high point', 'historical operating trends', 'final year results', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'one additional VLCC', 'FURTHER FLEET OPTIMISATION', 'Newcastlemax fleet', 'tanker market', 'oil tankers', 'additional VLCC.', 'historical facts', 'sustainable shipping', 'container shipping', 'VLCC Nectar', 'VLCC Newton', 'VLCC Noble', 'three VLCCs', 'transformative chapter', 'transformative period', 'successful completion', 'withholding tax', 'new chapter', 'full steam', 'recycling capital', 'capital gain', 'five VLCCs', 'recent transactions', 'Enya Derkinderen', 'dry bulk', 'chemical tankers', 'offshore wind', 'large marine', 'industrial applications', 'third-party producers', 'press release', 'prospective information', 'future events', 'cautionary statement', 'similar expressions', 'third parties', 'significant uncertainties', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'other statements', 'dividend proposal', 'two Newcastlemaxes', 'twenty-four Newcastlemaxes', 'four vessels', '150 ocean-going vessels', 'Euronext Brussels', 'other data', 'underlying assumptions', 'various assumptions', 'value-creating strategy', 'Communications Coordinator', 'ammonia fuel', 'distribution approach', 'EURONAV ANNOUNCES', 'Euronav NV', 'Katrien Hennin', 'TECH transaction', 'CMB.TECH', '6 Newcastlemaxes', 'growth', 'ANTWERP', 'Belgium', 'EURN', 'NYSE', 'sale', 'delivery', 'orders', 'date', 'deadlock', 'Frontline', 'benchmark', '16 May', 'USD', 'payout', 'combination', 'repayment', '284 DWT', '307,208 DWT', 'China', 'Q1', 'Q2', '18 March', '210,000 DWT', 'water', 'spot', 'course', 'ambition', 'Contact', 'Email', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Announcement', '4 April', 'group', 'newbuildings', 'hydrogen', 'customers', 'production', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'name', 'Matters', 'companies', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'advantage', 'connection', 'words', 'forecast', 'project', 'turn', 'limitation', 'management', 'examination', 'records', 'contingencies', 'control', '24']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37867,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NICOX-SA-25281955/news/Results-from-Mont-Blanc-Phase-3-Trial-of-Nicox-s-NCX-470-in-Glaucoma-Published-in-the-American-Jou-46237674/,Results from Mont Blanc Phase 3 Trial of Nicox's NCX 470 in Glaucoma Published in the American Journal of Ophthalmology,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Results from Mont Blanc Phase 3 Trial of Nicox’s NCX 470 in Glaucoma Published in the American Journal of Ophthalmology First publication of the data from the Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial in a peer-reviewed journalAuthors conclu…,"Press ReleaseResults from Mont Blanc Phase 3 Trial of Nicox’s NCX 470 in Glaucoma Published in the American Journal of OphthalmologyFirst publication of the data from the Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial in a peer-reviewed journalAuthors conclude: ""NCX 470 could become an important first-line therapy for IOP reduction in glaucoma.""Topline results from second Phase 3 trial of NCX 470  Denali  expected in H2 2025March 20  2024 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced that the results from the Mont Blanc pivotal Phase 3 trial comparing NCX 470 to latanoprost in the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension have been published in the peer-reviewed journal American Journal of Ophthalmology. The principal author of the publication is Dr. Robert Fechtner  Professor and Chair of the Department of Ophthalmology at SUNY Upstate Medical University  Syracuse  NY and Chairman of Nicox’s U.S. Glaucoma Clinical Advisory Board.“We are pleased to see the publication of these data in such a recognized and respected journal ” said Doug Hubatsch  Chief Scientific Officer of Nicox. “The data from the Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial demonstrated the potential of NCX 470 and we look forward to seeing confirmation of this clinical profile in the upcoming results from the ongoing Denali Phase 3 trial  expected in H2 2025. I’d also like to thank all the Mont Blanc study sites for their excellent work on this trial.”The publication entitled “A Randomized  Controlled Comparison of NCX 470  a Nitric Oxide-Donating Bimatoprost  and Latanoprost in Subjects with Open-Angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension: The MONT BLANC Study” was published online in the American Journal of Ophthalmology on March 16  2024 and is available by clicking here.The Mont Blanc publication concludes that “The NO-donating prostaglandin analogue NCX 470 0.1% was well-tolerated and lowered IOP more than latanoprost in subjects with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension at all 6 time points. With a dual mechanism of action that enhances both uveoscleral and trabecular outflow  NCX 470 could become an important first-line therapy for IOP reduction in glaucoma.”About NCX 470NCX 470  Nicox’s lead clinical asset  is a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop. The Denali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 for the lowering of IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension  being conducted in the U.S. and China  is on track to generate topline results in H2 2025. 80% of the target number of patients have been randomized in the trial and completion of recruitment of U.S. patients is expected in Q4 2024. Supportive development data required for the preparation of the U.S. New Drug Application (NDA) is expected to be available on or before the completion of the Denali trial. The database from the trial will not be locked until after the last patient has completed their final trial visit in China  which drives the timing of the Denali results.About NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Harrow  Inc. in the U.S.  and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox  headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (Ticker symbol: ALCOX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare index.For more information www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.The views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.ContactsNicoxGavin SpencerChief Executive OfficerT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.com Media / InvestorsSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in section 2.7 of the “Rapport Annuel 2022” and in section 4 of the “Rapport semestriel financier et d’activité 2023” which are available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com).Nicox S.A.Sundesk Sophia Antipolis  Bâtiment C  Emerald Square  Rue Evariste Galois  06410 Biot  FranceT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.22,0.33,True,English,"['Mont Blanc Phase 3 Trial', 'American Journal', 'Results', 'Nicox', 'NCX', 'Glaucoma', 'Ophthalmology', 'novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'Co Yi Chen New York', 'U.S. Glaucoma Clinical Advisory Board', 'Gavin Spencer Chief Executive Officer', 'The Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', 'SUNY Upstate Medical University', 'Co Eric Yoo Paris', 'The MONT BLANC Study', 'Mont Blanc study sites', 'Mont Blanc Phase 3 Trial', 'ongoing Denali Phase 3 trial', 'The Mont Blanc publication', 'donating prostaglandin analogue NCX', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'New Drug Application', 'second Phase 3 trial', 'pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'lead clinical asset', 'important first-line therapy', 'Dr. Robert Fechtner', 'Randomized, Controlled Comparison', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CAC Healthcare index', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'final trial visit', 'international ophthalmology company', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Nicox S.A.', 'U.S. patients', 'Supportive development data', 'clinical development', 'Denali trial', 'clinical profile', 'Denali results', 'lead program', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'intraocular pressure', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'ocular hypertension', 'Doug Hubatsch', 'excellent work', '6 time points', 'dual mechanism', 'trabecular outflow', 'last patient', 'innovative solutions', 'ocular health', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'multiple geographies', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'Ticker symbol', 'prior notice', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'First publication', 'Topline results', 'upcoming results', 'actual results', 'American Journal', 'Press Release', 'principal author', 'target number', 'Analyst coverage', 'analyst reports', 'IOP reduction', 'Nicox SA', 'peer-reviewed journal', 'NCX 470', 'Authors', 'H2', 'March', 'CET', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'latanoprost', 'lowering', 'Professor', 'Chair', 'Department', 'Syracuse', 'recognized', 'respected', 'potential', 'confirmation', 'Subjects', 'action', 'uveoscleral', 'China', 'track', 'completion', 'recruitment', 'Q4', 'preparation', 'NDA', 'database', 'timing', 'vision', 'revenue', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'ZERVIATE®', 'Harrow', 'Inc.', 'Chinese', 'majority', 'information', 'Bryan', 'Garnier', 'views', 'analysts', 'obligation', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Investors', 'cohesionbureau', 'document', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'management', 'factors', 'uncertainties', '7:30']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37868,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849092/0/en/Results-from-Mont-Blanc-Phase-3-Trial-of-Nicox-s-NCX-470-in-Glaucoma-Published-in-the-American-Journal-of-Ophthalmology.html,Results from Mont Blanc Phase 3 Trial of Nicox’s NCX 470 in Glaucoma Published in the American Journal of Ophthalmology,Press Release    Results from Mont Blanc Phase 3 Trial of Nicox’s NCX 470 in Glaucoma Published in the American Journal of Ophthalmology   First......,"Press ReleaseResults from Mont Blanc Phase 3 Trial of Nicox’s NCX 470 in Glaucoma Published in the American Journal of OphthalmologyFirst publication of the data from the Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial in a peer-reviewed journalAuthors conclude: ""NCX 470 could become an important first-line therapy for IOP reduction in glaucoma.""Topline results from second Phase 3 trial of NCX 470  Denali  expected in H2 2025March 20  2024 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced that the results from the Mont Blanc pivotal Phase 3 trial comparing NCX 470 to latanoprost in the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension have been published in the peer-reviewed journal American Journal of Ophthalmology. The principal author of the publication is Dr. Robert Fechtner  Professor and Chair of the Department of Ophthalmology at SUNY Upstate Medical University  Syracuse  NY and Chairman of Nicox’s U.S. Glaucoma Clinical Advisory Board.“We are pleased to see the publication of these data in such a recognized and respected journal ” said Doug Hubatsch  Chief Scientific Officer of Nicox. “The data from the Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial demonstrated the potential of NCX 470 and we look forward to seeing confirmation of this clinical profile in the upcoming results from the ongoing Denali Phase 3 trial  expected in H2 2025. I’d also like to thank all the Mont Blanc study sites for their excellent work on this trial.”The publication entitled “A Randomized  Controlled Comparison of NCX 470  a Nitric Oxide-Donating Bimatoprost  and Latanoprost in Subjects with Open-Angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension: The MONT BLANC Study” was published online in the American Journal of Ophthalmology on March 16  2024 and is available by clicking here.The Mont Blanc publication concludes that “The NO-donating prostaglandin analogue NCX 470 0.1% was well-tolerated and lowered IOP more than latanoprost in subjects with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension at all 6 time points. With a dual mechanism of action that enhances both uveoscleral and trabecular outflow  NCX 470 could become an important first-line therapy for IOP reduction in glaucoma.”About NCX 470NCX 470  Nicox’s lead clinical asset  is a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop. The Denali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 for the lowering of IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension  being conducted in the U.S. and China  is on track to generate topline results in H2 2025. 80% of the target number of patients have been randomized in the trial and completion of recruitment of U.S. patients is expected in Q4 2024. Supportive development data required for the preparation of the U.S. New Drug Application (NDA) is expected to be available on or before the completion of the Denali trial. The database from the trial will not be locked until after the last patient has completed their final trial visit in China  which drives the timing of the Denali results.About NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Harrow  Inc. in the U.S.  and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox  headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (Ticker symbol: ALCOX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare index.For more information www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.The views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.ContactsNicoxGavin SpencerChief Executive OfficerT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.com Media / InvestorsSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in section 2.7 of the “Rapport Annuel 2022” and in section 4 of the “Rapport semestriel financier et d’activité 2023” which are available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com).Nicox S.A.Sundesk Sophia Antipolis  Bâtiment C  Emerald Square  Rue Evariste Galois  06410 Biot  FranceT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.22,0.33,True,English,"['Mont Blanc Phase 3 Trial', 'American Journal', 'Results', 'Nicox', 'NCX', 'Glaucoma', 'Ophthalmology', 'novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'Co Yi Chen New York', 'U.S. Glaucoma Clinical Advisory Board', 'Gavin Spencer Chief Executive Officer', 'The Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', 'SUNY Upstate Medical University', 'Co Eric Yoo Paris', 'The MONT BLANC Study', 'Mont Blanc study sites', 'Mont Blanc Phase 3 Trial', 'ongoing Denali Phase 3 trial', 'The Mont Blanc publication', 'donating prostaglandin analogue NCX', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'New Drug Application', 'second Phase 3 trial', 'pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'lead clinical asset', 'important first-line therapy', 'Dr. Robert Fechtner', 'Randomized, Controlled Comparison', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CAC Healthcare index', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'final trial visit', 'international ophthalmology company', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Nicox S.A.', 'U.S. patients', 'Supportive development data', 'clinical development', 'Denali trial', 'clinical profile', 'Denali results', 'lead program', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'intraocular pressure', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'ocular hypertension', 'Doug Hubatsch', 'excellent work', '6 time points', 'dual mechanism', 'trabecular outflow', 'last patient', 'innovative solutions', 'ocular health', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'multiple geographies', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'Ticker symbol', 'prior notice', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'First publication', 'Topline results', 'upcoming results', 'actual results', 'American Journal', 'Press Release', 'principal author', 'target number', 'Analyst coverage', 'analyst reports', 'IOP reduction', 'Nicox SA', 'peer-reviewed journal', 'NCX 470', 'Authors', 'H2', 'March', 'CET', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'latanoprost', 'lowering', 'Professor', 'Chair', 'Department', 'Syracuse', 'recognized', 'respected', 'potential', 'confirmation', 'Subjects', 'action', 'uveoscleral', 'China', 'track', 'completion', 'recruitment', 'Q4', 'preparation', 'NDA', 'database', 'timing', 'vision', 'revenue', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'ZERVIATE®', 'Harrow', 'Inc.', 'Chinese', 'majority', 'information', 'Bryan', 'Garnier', 'views', 'analysts', 'obligation', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Investors', 'cohesionbureau', 'document', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'management', 'factors', 'uncertainties', '7:30']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Ventures-Invests-in-Breakthrough-Cost-effective-LiDAR-Technology-for-Advanced-Driver-Ass-46237921/,Stellantis Ventures Invests in Breakthrough  Cost-effective LiDAR Technology for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis Ventures Invests in Breakthrough  Cost-effective LiDAR Technology for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems  Innovative on-chip LiDAR developed by SteerLight delivers unparalleled sensing precision and resolutionSteerLight’s compa…,Stellantis Ventures Invests in Breakthrough  Cost-effective LiDAR Technology for Advanced Driver Assistance SystemsInnovative on-chip LiDAR developed by SteerLight delivers unparalleled sensing precision and resolutionSteerLight’s compact  lower cost LiDAR will help advance adoption of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS)Technology that helps deliver clean  safe and affordable mobility is a key component of the Stellantis Dare Forward 2030 strategic planAMSTERDAM  March 20  2024 – Stellantis Ventures  the corporate venture fund of Stellantis N.V.  today announced it has invested in SteerLight  the developer of a new generation of high-performance LiDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) sensing technology.Employing silicon photonics technology  which combines a universal semiconductor material with the speed of photos  the SteerLight LiDAR senses the surrounding environment in three dimensions with higher resolution and precision  and at a lower volume production cost  than currently available LiDAR systems.The technology has the potential to give drivers of future Stellantis brand vehicles better performance in a variety of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS)  including automated driving.“A central aspect of our Dare Forward 2030 initiatives is identifying groundbreaking technologies that deliver substantial value to our customers on a large scale ” said Ned Curic  Stellantis Chief Engineering & Technology Officer. “Automated driving enhancements remain a top priority at Stellantis. The game-changing work at SteerLight can enable enhanced and widespread ADAS applications.”“We see a great benefit from having Stellantis’ corporate venture fund recognize our innovation so we can unlock large-scale adoption of LiDAR for industrial and mobility applications ” said François Simoens  co-founder and CEO of SteerLight. “Our new LiDAR technology is key to support new services in the automotive industry  and we are looking forward to working together to advance the next generation of vehicles.”SteerLight  a spinoff of the French CEA-Leti technology center  employs Frequency Modulated Continuous Wave (FMCW) LiDAR based on silicon photonics technology that puts the system on a microchip. The system is robust (no moving parts) and compact  maximizing flexibility for vehicle engineers. It overcomes challenges of today’s LiDAR technology for vehicles – component size and high cost. The FMCW technology provides highly accurate depth and velocity data while resisting interference from the surrounding environment and other users.Since its inception in 2022  Stellantis Ventures has invested in 12 startups and one mobility fund  focused on developing cutting-edge technologies that will improve outcomes for individual customers and society as a whole.# # #About Stellantis VenturesEstablished with an initial investment of €300 million  Stellantis Ventures is the first Stellantis corporate venture fund. It targets early and later-stage startup companies that are developing cutting-edge technologies for the automotive and mobility sectors and are focused on improving outcomes for individual customers and society as a whole. The fund has a unique dual mandate that requires portfolio companies to have strong  sustainable growth prospects as well as a high potential for technological adoption within Stellantis’ products and operations. Backed by one of the world’s leading automakers and mobility providers  Stellantis Ventures is uniquely positioned to drive value quickly and effectively for portfolio members.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,positive,0.63,0.36,0.02,True,English,"['Breakthrough, Cost-effective LiDAR Technology', 'Advanced Driver Assistance Systems', 'Stellantis Ventures', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'first Stellantis corporate venture fund', 'Frequency Modulated Continuous Wave', 'strong, sustainable growth prospects', 'Advanced Driver Assistance Systems', 'lower volume production cost', 'French CEA-Leti technology center', 'compact, lower cost LiDAR', 'Employing silicon photonics technology', 'Stellantis’ corporate venture fund', 'Breakthrough, Cost-effective LiDAR Technology', 'future Stellantis brand vehicles', 'available LiDAR systems', 'universal semiconductor material', 'François Simoens', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'one mobility fund', 'Ranging) sensing technology', 'later-stage startup companies', 'unique dual mandate', 'The FMCW technology', 'Stellantis Chief Engineering', 'unparalleled sensing precision', 'Dare Forward 2030 initiatives', 'Automated driving enhancements', 'bold strategic plan', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'new LiDAR technology', 'widespread ADAS applications', 'high cost', 'mobility applications', '2030 strategic plan', 'FMCW) LiDAR', 'Technology Officer', 'Citroën', 'affordable mobility', 'mobility sectors', 'mobility providers', 'chip LiDAR', 'high-performance LiDAR', 'portfolio companies', 'unique portfolio', 'new generation', 'new services', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Stellantis Ventures', 'Stellantis Dare', 'Stellantis’ products', 'clean, safe', 'key component', 'Light Detection', 'surrounding environment', 'three dimensions', 'central aspect', 'groundbreaking technologies', 'large scale', 'Ned Curic', 'top priority', 'game-changing work', 'great benefit', 'next generation', 'moving parts', 'vehicle engineers', 'component size', 'accurate depth', 'velocity data', 'other users', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'initial investment', 'leading automakers', 'portfolio members', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'affordable freedom', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'remaining emissions', 'large-scale adoption', 'individual customers', 'technological adoption', 'SteerLight LiDAR', 'higher resolution', 'automotive industry', 'high potential', 'substantial value', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'AMSTERDAM', 'developer', 'speed', 'photos', 'drivers', 'variety', 'enhanced', 'innovation', 'industrial', 'founder', 'CEO', 'spinoff', 'microchip', 'flexibility', 'challenges', 'today', 'interference', 'inception', '12 startups', 'outcomes', 'society', 'early', 'operations', 'world', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37870,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUTELSAT-COMMUNICATIONS-5147/news/Peru-s-IRTP-Instituto-Nacional-de-Radio-y-Televisi-n-del-Per-chooses-satellite-streaming-servi-46242093/,Peru´s IRTP (Instituto Nacional de Radio y Televisión del Perú) chooses satellite streaming services via Eutelsat,(marketscreener.com) World’s first next-generation DTH platform  harnessing the power of DVB-NIPCombining the efficiency of broadcast technology with those used in broadband networks for large-scale content distribution to homes and IP devices across th…,World’s first next-generation DTH platform  harnessing the power of DVB-NIP Combining the efficiency of broadcast technology with those used in broadband networks for large-scale content distribution to homes and IP devices across the country Enabling all the population to receive vital educational  governmental and healthcare informationEutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris  London Stock Exchange; ETL) (Paris:ETL) (LSE:ETL) announces that Instituto Nacional de Radio y Televisión del Perú (IRTP) has signed a new multi-year agreement  for capacity on its EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite  for large-scale content distribution to homes and IP devices across the country via an innovative new Next-Generation Direct-to-Home solution using the latest DVB-NIP standard.Peru´s IRTP legacy TV distribution network previously reached only around 72% of the population  leaving 28% without any source of content delivery. In order to cover the entire population  and enable everyone to access education  government  and healthcare resources  IRTP has chosen an innovative DVB-NIP solution  via Eutelsat’s leading 117° West video neighbourhood  which provides powerful satellite coverage across the country. Combining the efficiency of broadcast technology with those used in broadband networks  the DVB-NIP standard bridges the gap between IP and broadcast networks  enabling 100% of the population to receive cost-effective  ultra-fast delivery of live and file-based video content at home and on mobile devices.The initial platform includes 12 live free-to-air channels  including the TV Peru news channel  TVPE entertainment and educational content  children’s channel IPE  and Radio Nacional  the first radio station in Peru. It will be supplemented with emergency/warning broadcast services  file transfer services for educational purposes and the possibility for the population to access content through their mobile devices.José Ignacio González-Núñez  Eutelsat Group Senior Regional VP  Media Sales Americas commented  “We´re thrilled to announce our latest endeavour in Peru where IRTP is introducing a next-generation DTH satellite service utilizing DVB-NIP through our EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite. This marks a significant milestone for us as we continue to expand our footprint by leveraging this new standard. We´re confident that this initiative will revolutionize the broadcasting landscape around the world  bringing unparalleled entertainment experience to every Peruvian with a mobile device at home  at schools  and any other locations decided by IRPT. This initiative will redefine the standards of satellite services in the region  setting a new benchmark for quality and reliability”.About Eutelsat GroupEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of Eutelsat and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 35 geostationary (GEO) satellites and a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites. The Group addresses customers' needs in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group’s unique suite of in-orbit assets and on-ground infrastructure enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 people from more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).Find out more at www.eutelsat.comDISCLAIMERThe forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management’s views and assumptions as of the date of this document. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to: risks related to the health crisis; operational risks related to satellite failures or impaired satellite performance  or failure to roll out the deployment plan as planned and within the expected timeframe; risks related to the trend in the satellite telecommunications market resulting from increased competition or technological changes affecting the market; risks related to the international dimension of the Group's customers and activities; risks related to the adoption of international rules on frequency coordination and financial risks related  inter alia  to the financial guarantee granted to the Intergovernmental Organization's closed pension fund  and foreign exchange risk. Eutelsat Communications expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this document to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. The information contained in this document is not based on historical fact and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts or data mentioned will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers as reasonable.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320295915/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.29,0.59,True,English,"['Instituto Nacional de', 'satellite streaming services', 'Radio y', 'Televisión', 'Peru', 'IRTP', 'Perú', 'Eutelsat', 'José Ignacio González-Núñez', 'IRTP legacy TV distribution network', 'Eutelsat Group Senior Regional VP', 'leading 117° West video neighbourhood', 'next-generation DTH satellite service', 'innovative new Next-Generation Direct', 'EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite', 'TV Peru news channel', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'next-generation DTH platform', 'London Stock Exchange', 'foreign exchange risk', 'Media Sales Americas', 'four key verticals', 'closed pension fund', 'powerful satellite coverage', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'large-scale content distribution', 'new multi-year agreement', 'Instituto Nacional de', 'unparalleled entertainment experience', 'Low Earth Orbit', 'file transfer services', 'vital educational, governmental', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', 'innovative DVB-NIP solution', 'cost-effective, ultra-fast delivery', '35 geostationary (GEO) satellites', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'satellite telecommunications market', 'file-based video content', 'emergency/warning broadcast services', 'first radio station', 'latest DVB-NIP standard', 'satellite services', 'new standard', 'satellite communications', 'satellite failures', 'satellite performance', 'Radio Nacional', 'new benchmark', 'initial platform', 'TVPE entertainment', 'educational content', 'latest endeavour', 'orbit assets', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Radio y', 'educational purposes', 'broadcast technology', 'broadcast networks', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'The Group', 'broadband networks', 'healthcare information', 'Televisión', 'healthcare resources', 'mobile devices', 'air channels', 'significant milestone', 'broadcasting landscape', 'other locations', 'global leader', 'LEO) constellation', '6,500 television channels', 'unique suite', 'ground infrastructure', 'integrated solutions', 'digital divide', 'illustrative purposes', 'health crisis', 'deployment plan', 'technological changes', 'international dimension', 'international rules', 'frequency coordination', 'financial guarantee', 'Intergovernmental Organization', 'Government Services', 'Home solution', 'IP devices', 'global customers', 'unknown risks', 'operational risks', 'financial risks', 'The Company', 'entire population', ""customers' needs"", '600 satellites', 'World', 'efficiency', 'homes', 'country', 'ETL', 'LSE', 'Perú', 'capacity', 'order', 'everyone', 'gap', 'children', 'IPE', 'possibility', 'footprint', 'initiative', 'Peruvian', 'schools', 'IRPT', 'standards', 'quality', 'reliability', 'combination', 'OneWeb', 'fleet', '1,700 people', '50 countries', 'DISCLAIMER', 'management', 'views', 'assumptions', 'date', 'document', 'expected', 'timeframe', 'trend', 'competition', 'activities', 'adoption', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'projections', 'forecasts', 'estimates', '12']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37871,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849100/0/en/Riber-Order-for-a-Compact-21-research-system-in-the-USA.html,Riber: Order for a Compact 21 research system in the USA,Order for a Compact 21 research system in the USA     Bezons (France)  March 20  2024 - 8:00 am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam......,Order for a Compact 21 research system in the USABezons (France)  March 20  2024 - 8:00 am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing the sale of a Compact 21 research system in the USA.A US customer has ordered a Compact 21 system for the development of III-V semiconductor materials and devices for microelectronics and photonics.The Compact 21 system will enable the laboratory  already equipped with RIBER machines  to enhance its versatility by adding a new ultra-high vacuum (UHV) chamber to its existing lines  and to multiply its processes or share its equipment with other research groups.The Compact 21 machine will provide users with enhanced safety  reliability  and ease of use by incorporating new-generation evaporators developed by RIBER  as well as a range of instruments including the EZ CURVE in-situ control device and Crystal XE process control software.As well as confirming the sustained commercial success of the Compact 21 range  the world's best-selling research MBE system  this new order underlines the suitability of RIBER MBE systems for the highest standards of compound semiconductor research.This new order will be delivered in 2024.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunication networks and research including the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER: Annie Geoffroy| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS: Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Compact 21 research system', 'Riber', 'Order', 'USA', 'Crystal XE process control software', 'BPI France-approved innovative company', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'selling research MBE system', 'situ control device', 'Molecular Beam Epitaxy', 'sustained commercial success', '5G telecommunication networks', 'other research groups', 'The Compact 21 system', 'The Compact 21 machine', 'III-V semiconductor materials', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'Compact 21 research system', 'global market leader', 'compound semiconductor research', 'new ultra-high vacuum', 'RIBER MBE systems', 'global leader', 'semiconductor industry', 'Compact 21 range', 'US customer', 'UHV) chamber', 'existing lines', 'enhanced safety', 'new-generation evaporators', 'EZ CURVE', 'new order', 'highest standards', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'numerous applications', 'information technologies', 'quantum computing', 'Annie Geoffroy', 'MBE) equipment', 'Cyril Combe', 'RIBER machines', 'USA', 'Bezons', 'CET', 'sale', 'development', 'devices', 'microelectronics', 'photonics', 'laboratory', 'versatility', 'processes', 'users', 'reliability', 'ease', 'instruments', 'world', 'suitability', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'performance', 'lasers', 'sensors', 'field', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment', '8:00']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37872,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RIBER-4786/news/Riber-Order-for-a-Compact-21-research-system-in-the-USA-46237854/,Riber: Order for a Compact 21 research system in the USA -March 20  2024 at 03:01 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Order for a Compact 21 research system in the USA Bezons   March 20  2024 - 8:00 am – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing the sale of a Compact 21 research system…,Order for a Compact 21 research system in the USABezons (France)  March 20  2024 - 8:00 am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing the sale of a Compact 21 research system in the USA.A US customer has ordered a Compact 21 system for the development of III-V semiconductor materials and devices for microelectronics and photonics.The Compact 21 system will enable the laboratory  already equipped with RIBER machines  to enhance its versatility by adding a new ultra-high vacuum (UHV) chamber to its existing lines  and to multiply its processes or share its equipment with other research groups.The Compact 21 machine will provide users with enhanced safety  reliability  and ease of use by incorporating new-generation evaporators developed by RIBER  as well as a range of instruments including the EZ CURVE in-situ control device and Crystal XE process control software.As well as confirming the sustained commercial success of the Compact 21 range  the world's best-selling research MBE system  this new order underlines the suitability of RIBER MBE systems for the highest standards of compound semiconductor research.This new order will be delivered in 2024.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunication networks and research including the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER: Annie Geoffroy| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS: Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Compact 21 research system', 'Riber', 'Order', 'USA', 'March', '03:01', 'Crystal XE process control software', 'BPI France-approved innovative company', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'selling research MBE system', 'situ control device', 'Molecular Beam Epitaxy', 'sustained commercial success', '5G telecommunication networks', 'other research groups', 'The Compact 21 system', 'The Compact 21 machine', 'III-V semiconductor materials', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'Compact 21 research system', 'global market leader', 'compound semiconductor research', 'new ultra-high vacuum', 'RIBER MBE systems', 'global leader', 'semiconductor industry', 'Compact 21 range', 'US customer', 'UHV) chamber', 'existing lines', 'enhanced safety', 'new-generation evaporators', 'EZ CURVE', 'new order', 'highest standards', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'numerous applications', 'information technologies', 'quantum computing', 'Annie Geoffroy', 'MBE) equipment', 'Cyril Combe', 'RIBER machines', 'USA', 'Bezons', 'CET', 'sale', 'development', 'devices', 'microelectronics', 'photonics', 'laboratory', 'versatility', 'processes', 'users', 'reliability', 'ease', 'instruments', 'world', 'suitability', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'performance', 'lasers', 'sensors', 'field', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment', '8:00']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37873,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONWARD-MEDICAL-N-V-128192407/news/ONWARD-Medical-Launches-Capital-Increase-by-Way-of-an-Accelerated-Bookbuild-Offering-and-of-a-Publ-46244676/,ONWARD® Medical Launches Capital Increase by Way of an Accelerated Bookbuild Offering and of a Public Offering in France for an Indicative Amount of EUR 15 Million  with an Up to EUR 5 Million Upsize Option,(marketscreener.com) EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 20  2024 -- NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWF…,"EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 20  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THE PRESS RELEASE.THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE (7)(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014)The Capital Increase is aimed at institutional investors and certain founders  management and members of the Board of Directors by way of an accelerated bookbuild offering through a Private Placement via the Joint Bookrunners as well as retail investors by way of a Public Offering in France via the PrimaryBid platformExisting shareholders INKEF Capital and EQT Life Sciences as well as certain founders  management and members of the Board of Directors to participate in the Accelerated Bookbuild OfferingIssue price of €4.50 per new share  a 16.6% discount to 30-Day Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) from closing price of March 19  20241EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands — March 20  2024  5:40 pm CET — ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD) (the “Company” or “ONWARD Medical”)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disorders  announces today the launch of a capital increase by way of an accelerated bookbuild offering through a private placement with institutional investors and certain founders  management and members of the Board of Directors (the “Private Placement”) via the Joint Bookrunners (as defined below) and a separate public offering via the PrimaryBid platform with retail investors in France (the “Public Offering”) of ordinary shares with a nominal value of EUR 0.12 each in the Company’s issued share capital (such shares the “New Shares” and the Private Placement and the Public Offering together  the “Offerings”). The final number of New Shares placed and the issue price per New Share (the “Issue Price”) will be announced after pricing of the Offerings. The New Shares will be issued from the Company’s authorized capital under exclusion of the existing shareholders’ pre-emptive rights. “It is the Company’s intention to raise gross proceeds of indicatively EUR 15 million from the Offerings  with an up to EUR 5 million upsize option.1 Source: Euronext dataONWARD Medical currently envisions using the net proceeds of the Offerings to:Fund research & development activities  including continued product development and regulatory approval of the investigational ARC-EX® System to restore hand and arm function and the investigational ARC-IM® System for improved blood pressure regulation after spinal cord injury (45%);Establish a commercial organization in preparation for expected US launch of the ARC-EX System second half of this year  including hiring a field sales organization  producing training and education materials  attending congresses and events  developing customer support capabilities  and conducting market access and reimbursement activities (15%);Build quality  operations  and other infrastructure capabilities (35%); andFund working capital requirements (5%).The net proceeds from the Offerings are expected to extend the current cash runway of the Company into mid-2025.Details of the OfferingsThe New Shares are to be offered to qualified investors in a Private Placement  which will be initiated immediately after this announcement. The New Shares will be offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended  (the ”Securities Act”) and in the United States to ""qualified institutional buyers"" as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act in transactions exempt from  or not otherwise subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Public Offering will run in parallel with the Private Placement and the New Shares in the Private Placement and the Public Offering will be placed at the same Issue Price.A separate announcement will be made shortly regarding the Public Offer in France via the PrimaryBid platform and its terms.The Company expects the existing shareholders INKEF Capital and EQT Life Sciences (for an aggregated amount of EUR 3 million) as well as the following management  founders  and members of the Board of Directors of the Company: Dave Marver  CEO; Robert Odell  VP Operations; Lorenzo Fanti  VP Legal; Co-Founders Jocelyne Bloch and Grégoire Courtine  CSO; and Directors Ian Curtis  Kristina Dziekan  and Fred Colen (for an aggregated amount of c. EUR 1 million) to support and participate in the Private Placement.The results of the Offerings  including the number of New Shares and the Issue Price will be announced upon completion of the bookbuilding process  which is expected prior to market opening on March 21  2024  subject to acceleration or extension. The timing of the closing of the orderbook  pricing  and allocations are at the absolute discretion of the Company and the Joint Bookrunners.Subject to acceleration or extension  the New Shares are expected to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam on March 25  2024 and payment and delivery of the New Shares are expected to take place on March 25  2024. The New Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares in the Company.Bryan  Garnier & Co is acting as Sole Global Coordinator and  together with Bank Degroof Petercam SA/NV and KBC Securities NV  as Joint Bookrunners (the “Joint Bookrunners”) of the Private Placement.In relation to the Private Placement  the Company has agreed with the Joint Bookrunners to a 90-day standstill period on future share issuances waivable by the Joint Bookrunners and subject to customary exceptions. Certain members of the Board of Directors and John Murphy have agreed with the Joint Bookrunners to a market customary 180-day lock-up period waivable by the Joint Bookrunners and subject to customary exceptions.*All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC-BCI™  and ARC Therapy™  alone or in combination with a brain-computer interface (BCI)  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD® MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy™ platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX® or implantable ARC-IM® platforms  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company’s pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing regulatory approval submissions for ARC-EX for the US and Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation  a component of hemodynamic instability  following SCI. Other ongoing studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI) to address multiple symptoms of SCI.Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD Medical has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL) and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).ONWARD Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Company Enquiries:info@onwd.comFor Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communications media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Khaled Bahi  Interim CFO investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC Therapy™  and ARC-BCI™ are investigational and not available for commercial use.Additional important informationThese materials may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. These materials do not contain  constitute or form part of an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities (the “Securities”) of ONWARD Medical N.V. (the “Company”)  in the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The Securities of the Company may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). There will be no public offering of the Securities in the United States. The Securities of the Company have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act. The Securities referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia  Canada or Japan or to  or for the account or benefit of  any national  resident or citizen of Australia  Canada or Japan subject to certain exceptions. No public offering of the securities will be made in the United States.This document (and the information contained within) is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 in each member state (“Member State”) of the European Economic Area (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Company has not authorised any offer to the public of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area other than within the Republic of France. With respect to each Member State (each a “Relevant State”)  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of securities requiring publication of a prospectus in any Relevant State. As a result  the Private Placement Shares may and will only be offered in Relevant States (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or (ii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. The Public Offered Shares may and will only be offered in the Republic of France pursuant to Article 3(2) lit. b of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purpose of this paragraph  the expression ""offer of securities to the public"" means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable the investor to decide to exercise  purchase or subscribe for the Securities. Further for the purpose of this paragraph  “Private Placement Shares” means the Securities that form part of the Private Placement in the European Economic Area (other than France) and “Public Offered Shares” means the Securities that form part of the Public Offer.This document (and the information contained within) is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as it forms part of U.K. domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “U.K. Prospectus Regulation”). No action has been undertaken or will be undertaken that constitutes an offer of the securities referred to herein to the public in the United Kingdom or requires the publication of a prospectus in the United Kingdom. The securities referred to herein may not and will not be offered in the United Kingdom  except to relevant persons in accordance with the exemptions set forth in the U.K. Prospectus Regulation.In the United Kingdom  this document is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons who are “qualified investors” within the meaning the U.K. Prospectus Regulation  and who are also (i) investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  or (ii) high net worth companies  unincorporated associations and other bodies to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated in accordance with Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  or (iii) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.This communication is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This communication cannot be used as basis for any investment agreement or decision. Acquiring investments to which this announcement relates may expose an investor to a significant risk of losing the entire amount invested. Persons considering making such investments should consult an authorised person specialising in advising on such investments. This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning the securities referred to herein.No announcement or information regarding the offering  listing or securities of the Company referred to above may be disseminated to the public in jurisdictions where a prior registration or approval is required for such purpose. No steps have been taken  or will be taken  for the offering or listing of securities of the Company in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required  except for the admission of the offered shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam. The issue  exercise  or sale of  and the subscription for or purchase of  securities of the Company are subject to special legal or statutory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. The Company is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.Information to DistributorsSolely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within: (a) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments  as amended from time to time (“MiFID II”); (b) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II; and (c) local implementing measures (together  the “MiFID II Product Governance Requirements”)  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  which any ‘manufacturer’ (for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto  the offered shares have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that the offered shares are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels as are permitted by MiFID II (the “Target Market Assessment”). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  distributors should note that: the price of the offered shares may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the offered shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the offered shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Private Placement. Furthermore  it is noted that  notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  the placement agents in the Private Placement will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties.For the avoidance of doubt  the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  or purchase  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the offered shares.Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the offered shares and determining appropriate distribution channels.Bryan  Garnier & Co  Degroof Petercam and KBC are acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Private Placement. In connection with such matters  they  their affiliates and their respective directors  officers  employees and agents will not regard any other person as their client  nor will they be responsible to any other person for providing the protections afforded to their clients or for providing advice in relation to the Private Placement or any other matters referred to in this announcement.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.06,0.39,0.55,True,English,"['Up to EUR 5 Million Upsize Option', 'Accelerated Bookbuild Offering', 'Public Offering', 'ONWARD® Medical', 'Capital Increase', 'Indicative Amount', 'Way', 'France', '30-Day Volume Weighted Average Price', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'ARC-EX System second half', 'EUR 5 million upsize option', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'existing shareholders’ pre-emptive rights', 'Fund working capital requirements', 'spinal cord injury', 'investigational ARC-EX® System', 'investigational ARC-IM® System', 'EQT Life Sciences', 'blood pressure regulation', 'customer support capabilities', 'current cash runway', 'Grégoire Courtine', 'field sales organization', 'other infrastructure capabilities', 'qualified institutional buyers', 'same Issue Price', 'Accelerated Bookbuild Offering', 'The Capital Increase', 'medical technology company', 'US Securities Act', 'The New Shares', 'separate public offering', 'Fund research', 'Regulation S', 'registration requirements', 'closing price', 'commercial organization', 'qualified investors', 'INKEF Capital', 'share capital', 'authorized capital', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'institutional investors', 'market access', 'ordinary shares', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'UNITED STATES', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Private Placement', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'retail investors', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'nominal value', 'gross proceeds', 'net proceeds', 'development activities', 'product development', 'regulatory approval', 'US launch', 'education materials', 'reimbursement activities', 'Rule 144A', 'separate announcement', 'aggregated amount', 'Dave Marver', 'Robert Odell', 'Lorenzo Fanti', 'VP Legal', 'Jocelyne Bloch', 'Ian Curtis', 'Kristina Dziekan', 'Fred Colen', 'bookbuilding process', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'movement disorders', 'final number', 'Euronext data', 'arm function', 'VP Operations', 'Netherlands', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'END', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'founders', 'management', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'France', '16.6% discount', 'VWAP', 'March', 'EINDHOVEN', 'CET', 'ONWD', 'people', 'Offerings', 'pricing', 'exclusion', 'intention', '1 Source', 'continued', 'hand', 'preparation', 'year', 'training', 'congresses', 'events', 'mid-20', 'Details', 'reliance', 'transactions', 'Section', 'parallel', 'terms', 'CEO', 'CSO', 'results', 'completion', '5:40']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37874,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849086/0/en/CREDIT-AGRICOLE-SA-A-new-major-step-in-their-partnership-to-provide-digital-payments-to-merchants-in-France-Cr%C3%A9dit-Agricole-and-Worldline-announce-the-launch-of-their-joint-venture.html,CREDIT AGRICOLE SA: A new major step in their partnership to provide digital payments to merchants in France: Crédit Agricole and Worldline announce the launch of their joint-venture,Press Release    A new major step in their partnership to provide digital payments to merchants in France: Crédit Agricole and Worldline...,"Press ReleaseA new major step in their partnership to provide digital payments to merchants in France:Crédit Agricole and Worldline announce the launch of their joint-ventureMontrouge  Paris La Défense  20 March 2024 - After receiving unconditional authorization from the European Commission  Crédit Agricole [Euronext: ACA] and Worldline [Euronext: WLN] announce the creation of their joint-venture for digital payment services for merchants in France.At the first Board meeting  held on 19 March 2024  Laurent Bennet  Chief Executive Officer of Crédit Agricole des Savoie  was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors and Meriem Echcherfi was appointed Chief Executive Officer. The commercial brand of the joint venture will be unveiled very soon.The joint-venture aims to become a major player in payment services in France. It will leverage Worldline’s technological performance and innovation capabilities  particularly in the area of acceptance  and Crédit Agricole group’s merchant acquiring performance in the French market. The joint-venture will also be responsible for the commercial development of this alliance with merchants  while providing active support to the banks within the Crédit Agricole group. The joint venture is 50% owned plus one share by Worldline and will therefore be fully consolidated. Crédit Agricole holds 50% of the capital less one share and will supervise the joint venture.The joint venture will integrate the ""Cartes Bancaires"" (CB) domestic payment scheme. In addition to French merchants  Worldline will offer its international merchants access to the CB scheme  thereby extending its wide range of local payment methods through access to one of the most powerful European domestic payment schemes.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline: “With the unconditional approval received from the European Commission at the beginning of March  we are particularly pleased to announce today the finalization of the agreements enabling the implementation of our joint-venture  which will be headed by Meriem Echcherfi. This is another key step in our strategic partnership with the Crédit Agricole group in France  a market offering extremely important development prospects for Worldline. By combining Worldline's technological expertise and offerings in payments with Crédit Agricole's performance and distribution power  this unique collaboration promises to meet the ever-changing needs of merchants. Together  we have the greatest ambitions for our joint-venture  which will offer the best of our two groups to merchants and retailers operating in France in both physical and online commerce.”Jean-Paul Mazoyer  Deputy General Manager of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of Technology  Digital and Payments: ""After a period of preparation  the launch of our joint-venture marks the real starting point of our partnership with Worldline. This partnership with a major player in the payments business reflects Crédit Agricole's ambition to strengthen its leadership in the payments business  a service at the heart of the banking relationship. Our joint-venture  which combines Worldline's technological expertise in the acceptance business with the performance and commercial dynamism of the banks in Crédit Agricole group  indeed reflects our shared ambition to offer our merchants customers the very best payment solutions. Under the responsibility of Meriem Echcherfi  Managing Director  our joint-venture will rapidly become a key player and leader in the French market.”Calendar2023-2024: joint investment phase of €80 million financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole  to develop products and offerings and implement the joint venture;joint investment phase of €80 million financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole  to develop products and offerings and implement the joint venture; 2024: finalization of commercial agreements  establishment of the operational structure  regulatory procedures and preparation of dedicated offers and announcement of the new brand;finalization of commercial agreements  establishment of the operational structure  regulatory procedures and preparation of dedicated offers and announcement of the new brand; Early 2025: the joint venture becomes fully operational and starts generating sales and gross operating income.BiographiesMr Laurent Bennet  Chairman of the Board of Directors of the joint-ventureAfter starting his career in an agricultural trade organisation  Mr Laurent Bennet spent most of his career at Crédit Agricole  firstly at the Morbihan Regional Bank as a corporate account manager  then as agricultural market manager and deputy credit manager. In 2004  he joined the Pyrénées Gascogne Regional Bank  where he held a number of positions  including Business Manager and Network Manager. He was appointed Deputy General Manager of the Savoie Regional Bank in 2009. In 2013  he joined Crédit Agricole S.A. as Deputy Head of Group Risks and Permanent Controls before being appointed Head of Agriculture  Agrifood and Business Services. Since January 2019  Laurent Bennet has been Chief Executive Officer of Crédit Agricole des Savoie.Laurent Bennet is a graduate of AgroParisTech and the Institut Technique de Banque.Mrs Meriem Echcherfi  Managing Director of the joint-ventureMeriem Echcherfi began her career at Société Générale in 2004  within the risk department on the Basel II project implementation and then in the corporate and investment banking division as director of market Risk Advisory and derivative sales for corporate clients. In 2012  she joined the Boston Consulting Group as project leader for financial institutions in Paris and Casablanca  before becoming Head of Mastercard Advisors France in 2016  then Vice President in charge of business development in 2018. Meriem Echcherfi joined Crédit Agricole in 2019 as head of Credit Agricole SA Group Strategy  then Head of Merchant Services in 2023.Meriem Echcherfi is a graduate of Centrale Paris in strategy and mathematics applied to finance.ContactsWorldline’s Investor RelationsLaurent Marie laurent.marie@worldline.comGuillaume Delaunay guillaume.delaunay@worldline.comWorldline’s CommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst +32 4 99 58 53 80 sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander +33 7 72 25 96 04 helene.carlander@worldline.comCrédit Agricole’s Relations Investor RelationsInstitutional shareholders + 33 1 43 23 04 31 investor.relations@credit-agricole-sa.fr Individual shareholders + 33 8 00 00 07 77 relation@actionnaires.credit-agricole.com Cécile Mouton + 33 1 57 72 86 79 cecile.mouton@credit-agricole-sa.frCrédit Agricole’s CommunicationAlexandre Barat + 33 1 57 72 12 19 alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.frOlivier Tassain + 33 1 43 23 25 41 olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.frBénédicte Gouvert + 33 1 49 53 43 64 benedicte.gouvert@ca-fnca.frAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2023.Worldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.About Crédit AgricoleThe Crédit Agricole Group is the leading financier of the French economy and one of the top banks in Europe. A leader in retail banking in Europe  the Group is also Europe's leading asset manager  Europe's leading bancassurer and Europe's third-largest provider of project finance.Backed by its cooperative and mutualist foundations  its 145 000 employees and 27 000 Local and Regional Bank directors  the Crédit Agricole Group is a responsible and useful bank serving 53 million customers  11.5 million members and 800 000 individual shareholders.Thanks to its local universal banking model - the close association between its local banks and the related business lines - the Crédit Agricole group supports its customers in their projects in France and around the world: day-to-day banking  mortgages and consumer credit  savings  insurance  asset management  real estate  leasing  factoring  corporate and investment banking.At the service of the economy  Crédit Agricole also stands out for its dynamic and innovative corporate social responsibility policy. It is based on a pragmatic approach that permeates the entire Group and puts every employee into action.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 28  2023 under the filling number: D.23-0371  and its Amendment filed on July 28  2023.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2022 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2023 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.Attachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.7,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['CREDIT AGRICOLE SA', 'new major step', 'Crédit Agricole', 'digital payments', 'partnership', 'merchants', 'France', 'Worldline', 'launch', 'joint-venture', 'Pyrénées Gascogne Regional Bank', 'powerful European domestic payment schemes', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'Crédit Agricole des Savoie', 'Paris La Défense', 'Crédit Agricole group', 'capital less one share', 'Savoie Regional Bank', 'Morbihan Regional Bank', 'local payment methods', 'best payment solutions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'real starting point', 'gross operating income', 'agricultural trade organisation', 'corporate account manager', 'important development prospects', 'Deputy General Manager', 'deputy credit manager', 'joint investment phase', 'Mr Laurent Bennet', 'merchant acquiring performance', 'agricultural market manager', 'first Board meeting', 'digital payment services', 'new major step', 'Group Risks', 'European Commission', 'Business Manager', 'Network Manager', 'commercial development', 'key step', 'major player', 'new brand', 'Business Services', 'Deputy Head', 'joint venture', 'Press Release', 'unconditional authorization', 'Meriem Echcherfi', 'commercial brand', 'innovation capabilities', 'French market', 'active support', 'CB scheme', 'wide range', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'unconditional approval', 'technological expertise', 'distribution power', 'unique collaboration', 'changing needs', 'greatest ambitions', 'two groups', 'online commerce', 'Jean-Paul Mazoyer', 'banking relationship', 'commercial dynamism', 'Managing Director', 'key player', 'operational structure', 'regulatory procedures', 'dedicated offers', 'Permanent Controls', 'technological performance', 'commercial agreements', 'digital payments', 'payments business', 'acceptance business', 'French merchants', 'international merchants', 'strategic partnership', 'France', 'Worldline', 'launch', 'joint-venture', 'Montrouge', 'Euronext', 'ACA', 'WLN', 'creation', '19 March', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'area', 'alliance', 'banks', 'addition', 'access', 'CEO', 'beginning', 'finalization', 'implementation', 'offerings', 'retailers', 'physical', 'charge', 'Technology', 'period', 'preparation', 'leadership', 'heart', 'shared', 'customers', 'responsibility', 'Calendar', 'products', 'establishment', 'announcement', 'sales', 'Biographies', 'career', 'number', 'positions', 'Agriculture', 'Agrifood', 'January']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37875,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849085/0/en/Cr%C3%A9dit-Agricole-and-Worldline-announce-the-launch-of-their-joint-venture.html,Crédit Agricole and Worldline announce the launch of their joint-venture,Press Release  A new major step in their partnership to provide digital payments to merchants in France: Crédit Agricole and Worldline announce...,"Press ReleaseA new major step in their partnership to provide digital payments to merchants in France:Crédit Agricole and Worldline announce the launch of their joint-ventureMontrouge  Paris La Défense  20 March 2024 - After receiving unconditional authorization from the European Commission  Crédit Agricole [Euronext: ACA] and Worldline [Euronext: WLN] announce the creation of their joint-venture for digital payment services for merchants in France.At the first Board meeting  held on 19 March 2024  Laurent Bennet  Chief Executive Officer of Crédit Agricole des Savoie  was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors and Meriem Echcherfi was appointed Chief Executive Officer. The commercial brand of the joint venture will be unveiled very soon.The joint-venture aims to become a major player in payment services in France. It will leverage Worldline’s technological performance and innovation capabilities  particularly in the area of acceptance  and Crédit Agricole group’s merchant acquiring performance in the French market. The joint-venture will also be responsible for the commercial development of this alliance with merchants  while providing active support to the banks within the Crédit Agricole group. The joint venture is 50% owned plus one share by Worldline and will therefore be fully consolidated. Crédit Agricole holds 50% of the capital less one share and will supervise the joint venture.The joint venture will integrate the ""Cartes Bancaires"" (CB) domestic payment scheme. In addition to French merchants  Worldline will offer its international merchants access to the CB scheme  thereby extending its wide range of local payment methods through access to one of the most powerful European domestic payment schemes.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline: “With the unconditional approval received from the European Commission at the beginning of March  we are particularly pleased to announce today the finalization of the agreements enabling the implementation of our joint-venture  which will be headed by Meriem Echcherfi. This is another key step in our strategic partnership with the Crédit Agricole group in France  a market offering extremely important development prospects for Worldline. By combining Worldline's technological expertise and offerings in payments with Crédit Agricole's performance and distribution power  this unique collaboration promises to meet the ever-changing needs of merchants. Together  we have the greatest ambitions for our joint-venture  which will offer the best of our two groups to merchants and retailers operating in France in both physical and online commerce.”Jean-Paul Mazoyer  Deputy General Manager of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of Technology  Digital and Payments: ""After a period of preparation  the launch of our joint-venture marks the real starting point of our partnership with Worldline. This partnership with a major player in the payments business reflects Crédit Agricole's ambition to strengthen its leadership in the payments business  a service at the heart of the banking relationship. Our joint-venture  which combines Worldline's technological expertise in the acceptance business with the performance and commercial dynamism of the banks in Crédit Agricole group  indeed reflects our shared ambition to offer our merchants customers the very best payment solutions. Under the responsibility of Meriem Echcherfi  Managing Director  our joint-venture will rapidly become a key player and leader in the French market.”Calendar2023-2024: joint investment phase of €80 million financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole  to develop products and offerings and implement the joint venture;joint investment phase of €80 million financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole  to develop products and offerings and implement the joint venture; 2024: finalization of commercial agreements  establishment of the operational structure  regulatory procedures and preparation of dedicated offers and announcement of the new brand;finalization of commercial agreements  establishment of the operational structure  regulatory procedures and preparation of dedicated offers and announcement of the new brand; Early 2025: the joint venture becomes fully operational and starts generating sales and gross operating income.BiographiesMr Laurent Bennet  Chairman of the Board of Directors of the joint-ventureAfter starting his career in an agricultural trade organisation  Mr Laurent Bennet spent most of his career at Crédit Agricole  firstly at the Morbihan Regional Bank as a corporate account manager  then as agricultural market manager and deputy credit manager. In 2004  he joined the Pyrénées Gascogne Regional Bank  where he held a number of positions  including Business Manager and Network Manager. He was appointed Deputy General Manager of the Savoie Regional Bank in 2009. In 2013  he joined Crédit Agricole S.A. as Deputy Head of Group Risks and Permanent Controls before being appointed Head of Agriculture  Agrifood and Business Services. Since January 2019  Laurent Bennet has been Chief Executive Officer of Crédit Agricole des Savoie.Laurent Bennet is a graduate of AgroParisTech and the Institut Technique de Banque.Mrs Meriem Echcherfi  Managing Director of the joint-ventureMeriem Echcherfi began her career at Société Générale in 2004  within the risk department on the Basel II project implementation and then in the corporate and investment banking division as director of market Risk Advisory and derivative sales for corporate clients. In 2012  she joined the Boston Consulting Group as project leader for financial institutions in Paris and Casablanca  before becoming Head of Mastercard Advisors France in 2016  then Vice President in charge of business development in 2018. Meriem Echcherfi joined Crédit Agricole in 2019 as head of Credit Agricole SA Group Strategy  then Head of Merchant Services in 2023.Meriem Echcherfi is a graduate of Centrale Paris in strategy and mathematics applied to finance.ContactsWorldline’s Investor RelationsLaurent Marie laurent.marie@worldline.comGuillaume Delaunay guillaume.delaunay@worldline.comWorldline’s CommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst +32 4 99 58 53 80 sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander +33 7 72 25 96 04 helene.carlander@worldline.comCrédit Agricole’s Relations Investor RelationsInstitutional shareholders + 33 1 43 23 04 31 investor.relations@credit-agricole-sa.fr Individual shareholders + 33 8 00 00 07 77 relation@actionnaires.credit-agricole.com Cécile Mouton + 33 1 57 72 86 79 cecile.mouton@credit-agricole-sa.frCrédit Agricole’s CommunicationAlexandre Barat + 33 1 57 72 12 19 alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.frOlivier Tassain + 33 1 43 23 25 41 olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.frBénédicte Gouvert + 33 1 49 53 43 64 benedicte.gouvert@ca-fnca.frAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2023.Worldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.About Crédit AgricoleThe Crédit Agricole Group is the leading financier of the French economy and one of the top banks in Europe. A leader in retail banking in Europe  the Group is also Europe's leading asset manager  Europe's leading bancassurer and Europe's third-largest provider of project finance.Backed by its cooperative and mutualist foundations  its 145 000 employees and 27 000 Local and Regional Bank directors  the Crédit Agricole Group is a responsible and useful bank serving 53 million customers  11.5 million members and 800 000 individual shareholders.Thanks to its local universal banking model - the close association between its local banks and the related business lines - the Crédit Agricole group supports its customers in their projects in France and around the world: day-to-day banking  mortgages and consumer credit  savings  insurance  asset management  real estate  leasing  factoring  corporate and investment banking.At the service of the economy  Crédit Agricole also stands out for its dynamic and innovative corporate social responsibility policy. It is based on a pragmatic approach that permeates the entire Group and puts every employee into action.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 28  2023 under the filling number: D.23-0371  and its Amendment filed on July 28  2023.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2022 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2023 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.7,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['Crédit Agricole', 'Worldline', 'launch', 'joint-venture', 'Pyrénées Gascogne Regional Bank', 'powerful European domestic payment schemes', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'Crédit Agricole des Savoie', 'Paris La Défense', 'Crédit Agricole group', 'capital less one share', 'Savoie Regional Bank', 'Morbihan Regional Bank', 'local payment methods', 'best payment solutions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'real starting point', 'gross operating income', 'agricultural trade organisation', 'corporate account manager', 'important development prospects', 'Deputy General Manager', 'deputy credit manager', 'joint investment phase', 'Mr Laurent Bennet', 'merchant acquiring performance', 'agricultural market manager', 'first Board meeting', 'digital payment services', 'new major step', 'Group Risks', 'European Commission', 'Business Manager', 'Network Manager', 'commercial development', 'key step', 'major player', 'new brand', 'Business Services', 'Deputy Head', 'joint venture', 'Press Release', 'unconditional authorization', 'Meriem Echcherfi', 'commercial brand', 'innovation capabilities', 'French market', 'active support', 'CB scheme', 'wide range', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'unconditional approval', 'technological expertise', 'distribution power', 'unique collaboration', 'changing needs', 'greatest ambitions', 'two groups', 'online commerce', 'Jean-Paul Mazoyer', 'banking relationship', 'commercial dynamism', 'Managing Director', 'key player', 'operational structure', 'regulatory procedures', 'dedicated offers', 'Permanent Controls', 'technological performance', 'commercial agreements', 'digital payments', 'payments business', 'acceptance business', 'French merchants', 'international merchants', 'strategic partnership', 'France', 'Worldline', 'launch', 'joint-venture', 'Montrouge', 'Euronext', 'ACA', 'WLN', 'creation', '19 March', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'area', 'alliance', 'banks', 'addition', 'access', 'CEO', 'beginning', 'finalization', 'implementation', 'offerings', 'retailers', 'physical', 'charge', 'Technology', 'period', 'preparation', 'leadership', 'heart', 'shared', 'customers', 'responsibility', 'Calendar', 'products', 'establishment', 'announcement', 'sales', 'Biographies', 'career', 'number', 'positions', 'Agriculture', 'Agrifood', 'January']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37876,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONWARD-MEDICAL-N-V-128192407/news/ONWARD-Medical-Launches-Capital-Increase-by-Way-of-an-Accelerated-Bookbuild-Offering-and-of-a-Publ-46244650/,ONWARD® Medical Launches Capital Increase by Way of an Accelerated Bookbuild Offering and of a Public Offering in France for an Indicative Amount of EUR 15 Million  with an Up to EUR 5 Million Upsize Option,(marketscreener.com) EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 20  2024 -- NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWF…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 20  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THE PRESS RELEASE.THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE (7)(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014)Capital increase by issuance of New Shares designed to secure funding for the ARC-IM ® and ARC-EX ® development and regulatory approval  to establish a commercial organization for the ARC-EX US launch  to build quality  operations and other infrastructure capabilities  and to fund working capital requirementsand ARC-EX development and regulatory approval  to establish a commercial organization for the ARC-EX US launch  to build quality  operations and other infrastructure capabilities  and to fund working capital requirements Offering for an indicative amount of €15 million composed of (i) a private placement to institutional investors and certain founders  management and members of the Board of Directors by way of an accelerated bookbuild offering via the Joint Bookrunners and (ii) a separate public offering for retail investors via the PrimaryBid platform only in FranceExisting shareholders INKEF Capital and EQT Life Sciences as well as certain founders  management and members of the Board of Directors to participate in the Accelerated Bookbuild OfferingIssue price of €4.50 per new share  a 16.6% discount to 30-Day Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) from closing price of March 19  2024 1 ”” The Public Offering and the Private Placement are expected to be completed on March 21  2024  before market openONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD  ISIN: NL0015000HT4) (the “Company” or “ONWARD Medical”)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and other movement disorders  announces today the launch of a capital increase by way of an accelerated bookbuild offering through a private placement with institutional investors and certain management and members of the Board of Directors (the “Private Placement”) and a separate public offering via the PrimaryBid platform with retail investors in France (the “Public Offering” and together with the Private Placement  the “Offerings”) of ordinary shares with a nominal value of EUR 0.12 each in the Company’s issued share capital.1 Source: Euronext dataReasons for the OfferingsThe Company currently envisages using the net proceeds of the Offerings to:Fund research & development activities  including continued product development and regulatory approval of the investigational ARC-EX * System to restore hand and arm function and the investigational ARC-IM * System for improved blood pressure regulation (45%);System to restore hand and arm function and the investigational ARC-IM System for improved blood pressure regulation (45%); Establish a commercial organization in preparation for expected US launch of the ARC-EX System in the second half of this year  including hiring a field sales organization  producing training and education materials  attending congresses and events  developing customer support capabilities  and conducting market access and reimbursement activities (15%);Build quality  operations and other infrastructure capabilities (35%); andFund working capital requirements (5%).The net proceeds from the Offerings are expected to extend the current cash runway of the Company into mid-2025  in particular the Company is of the opinion  taking into account the net proceeds from the Offerings  that it has sufficient working capital to meet its present requirements and cover the working capital needs for a period of at least 12 months following the date of this announcement.Details of the OfferingsThe Company proposes to issue new ordinary shares viaa Private Placement to certain existing shareholders of the Company  investors procured by the Joint Bookrunners and certain founders  members of the management and the Board of Directors of the Company and  separately  a Public Offering only in France via the technology platform of PrimaryBid under an exemption from the requirement to publish a securities prospectus in advance of the Public Offering in reliance on Article 3(2) lit. b of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”) (the “New Shares”).The Public Offering will run in parallel with the Private Placement and the New Shares in the Private Placement and the Public Offering will be placed at the same issue price per New Share (the “Issue Price”). The Issue Price will be determined by the accelerated book-building initiated with institutional investors.The New Shares will be offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  (the “Securities Act”) and in the United States to “qualified institutional buyers” as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act in transactions exempt from  or not otherwise subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.The Public Offering will not extent to retail investors located outside of France.The results of the Offerings  including the number of New Shares and the Issue Price will be announced upon completion of the bookbuilding process  which is expected prior to market opening on March 21  2024  subject to acceleration or extension. The timing of the closing of the orderbook  pricing and allocations are at the absolute discretion of the Company and the Joint Bookrunners. In accordance with the authority granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting  the issuance of the New Shares has been authorized by the Board of Directors.The New Shares will be issued from the Company’s authorized capital under exclusion of the existing shareholders’ pre-emptive rights. It is the Company’s intention to raise gross proceeds of approximately €15.0 million from the Offerings  with an up to €5 million upsize option.The Company expects the existing shareholders INKEF Capital and EQT Life Sciences (for an aggregated amount of together EUR 3 million) as well as the following management  founders  and members of the Board of Directors of the Company: Dave Marver  CEO; Robert Odell  VP Operations; Lorenzo Fanti  VP Legal; Co-Founders Jocelyne Bloch and Grégoire Courtine  CSO; and Directors Ian Curtis  Kristina Dziekan  and Fred Colen (for an aggregated amount of c. EUR 1 million) to support and participate in the Private Placement.The book building process for the Private Placement will begin immediately following the publication of this press release. The Public Offering will begin immediately and close at 10 pm CET  subject to acceleration.The size of the Offerings will depend exclusively on the orders received for the Private Placement and the Public Offering  with no possibility of reallocating the amounts allocated from one to the other. The Public Offering is ancillary to the Private Placement and will not exceed a value representing 20% of the value of the Offerings and will be limited to a maximum of EUR 8 million. Allocations of New Shares for the Public Offering will be proportional to demand  subject to reduction of allocations if demand exceeds the aforementioned limit. In any event  the Public Offering will not be carried out if the Private Placement does not take place.Within the framework of the Public Offering  investors may only subscribe via the PrimaryBid partners mentioned on the PrimaryBid website (www.PrimaryBid.fr). The Public Offering is not covered by a placement agreement. For further details  please go to the PrimaryBid website at www.PrimaryBid.fr.Bryan  Garnier & Co is acting as Sole Global Coordinator and  together with Bank Degroof Petercam SA/NV and KBC Securities NV  as Joint Bookrunners (the “Joint Bookrunners”) of the Private Placement.In relation to the Offerings  the Company has agreed with the Joint Bookrunners to a 90-day standstill period on future share issuances waivable by the Joint Bookrunners and subject to customary exceptions. Certain members of the Board of Directors and John Murphy have agreed with the Joint Bookrunners to a market customary 180-day lock-up period waivable by the Joint Bookrunners and subject to customary exceptions.Subject to acceleration or extension  the New Shares are expected to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam on March 25  2024 and payment and delivery of the New Shares are expected to take place on March 25  2024. The New Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares in the Company and will be immediately fungible with the existing shares of the Company. The New Shares will be traded on the ISIN Code NL0015000HT4.*All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC-BCI™  and ARC Therapy™  alone or in combination with a brain-computer interface (BCI)  are investigational and not available for commercial use.ProspectusThe New Shares to be issued in connection with the Offerings will be admitted to trading on the regulated market with a primary listing on Euronext in Brussels and a secondary listing on Euronext in Amsterdam based on a listing prospectus to be submitted for approval to the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten  the “AFM”). As from the filing with the AFM  copies of the listing prospectus will be available free of charge on the Company’s website ONWD.com and on the AFM website afm.nl. The Public Offering  which benefits from an exemption from the prospectus requirement  is not carried-out on the basis of a prospectus subject to the approval of the AFM or the French Authority for the Financial Markets (Autorité des marchés financiers).Risk FactorsThe Company draws the public’s attention to the risk factors related to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial condition and prospects. In selecting and ordering the risk factors  the Company has considered circumstances such as the probability of the risk materializing on the basis of the current state of affairs  the potential impact which the materialization of the risk could have on the Company’s business  financial condition  results of operations and prospects  and the attention that management of the Company would on the basis of current expectations have to devote to these risks if they were to materialize.The main risk factors include:The Company is wholly dependent on the success of two investigational devices  the ARC-IM and ARC-EX platforms. Even if the Company is able to complete clinical development and obtain favorable clinical results for the initial indications it is pursuing  it may not be able to obtain regulatory clearance or approval for  or successfully commercialize  its ARC-IM and ARC-EX platforms;The Company has incurred significant operating losses since inception  and expects to incur operating losses in the future  and it may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability  which may adversely affect the market price of its ordinary shares and ability to raise capital and continue operations;The Company will require additional capital to finance its planned operations  which may not be available to it on acceptable terms or at all. This may adversely affect the Company’s sales and marketing plan  its ongoing research and development efforts and have a material adverse effect on its business  financial condition  and result of operations;The Company may face substantial competition  which may result in others discovering  developing  or commercializing products before or more successfully than it does;Enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside the Company’s control  which could cause significant delays in the completion of such trials or may cause it to abandon one or more clinical trials;The Company must solve technical and engineering challenges prior to being able to offer a commercialized product to the SCI patient population. In addition  the Company must obtain FDA clearance or approval before it can sell any of its products in the United States and CE Certification before it can sell any of its products in the European Union. Approval of similar regulatory authorities in countries outside the United States and the European Union is required before it can sell its products in countries that do not accept FDA clearance or approval or CE Certification. The Company may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing  or ultimately be unable to complete  the development and commercialization of its products if such clearance or approval is denied or delayed;If the Company obtains clearance or approval for its products  their commercial success will depend in part upon the level of reimbursement it receives from third parties for the cost of its products to users;If its investigational devices are cleared or approved  the Company will need to receive access to hospital facilities and clinics  or its sales may be negatively impacted;The Company may not receive the necessary approvals  granted de novo classifications  or clearances for its ARC-EX and ARC-IM platforms or future devices and expanded indications  and failure to timely obtain these regulatory clearances or approvals would adversely affect its ability to grow its business;The clinical development process required to obtain regulatory clearances or approvals is lengthy and expensive with uncertain outcomes  and the data developed in those clinical trials is subject to interpretation by FDA and foreign regulatory authorities. If clinical trials of the current ARC-EX platform and ARC-IM platform and future products do not produce results necessary to support regulatory clearance or approval  a granted de novo classification or clearance in the United States or  with respect to the Company’s current or future products  elsewhere  it will be unable to commercialize these products and may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing  or ultimately be unable to complete  the commercialization of those products;Part of the Company’s assets  including intellectual property is pledged to Rijksdienst voor Ondernemend Nederland (RvO part of Dutch ministry of Economic Affairs)  and the enforcement of such pledge could substantially harm the future development and operations of the Company; andThe Company licenses certain technology underlying the development of its investigational devices and the loss of the license would result in a material adverse effect on its business  financial position  and operating results and cause the market value of its ordinary shares to decline.In addition  investors are invited to consider the following risks:The payment of any future dividends will depend on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations  as well as on the Company’s operating subsidiaries’ distributions to the Company.Future offerings of debt or equity securities by the Company  or future sales of a substantial number of ordinary shares by the Company’s shareholders  or the perception thereof  may adversely affect the market price of the ordinary shares and any future issuances of Shares may dilute investors’ shareholdings.Shareholders outside the Netherlands may not be able to exercise pre-emptive rights in future offerings.The rights and responsibilities of a shareholder are governed by Dutch law and will differ in some respects from the rights and obligations of shareholders under the laws of other jurisdictions and the shareholder rights under Dutch law differ from the rights of a shareholder under the laws of other jurisdictions.Certain significant shareholders of the Company after the Listing may have different interest from the Company and may be able to control the Company  including the outcome of shareholder votes.If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about the Company’s business or industry  or if such analysts (if any) change their recommendations regarding the ordinary shares adversely  the market price and trading volumes of the ordinary shares could decline.The market price of the ordinary shares may be volatile and may be affected by a number of factors  some of which are beyond the Company’s control.About ONWARD® MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy™ platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX® or implantable ARC-IM® platforms  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company’s pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing regulatory approval submissions for ARC-EX for the US and Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation  a component of hemodynamic instability  following SCI. Other ongoing studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI) to address multiple symptoms of SCI.Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD Medical has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL) and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).ONWARD Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Company Enquiries:info@onwd.comFor Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communications media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Khaled Bahi  Interim CFO investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC Therapy™  and ARC-BCI™ are investigational and not available for commercial use.Additional important informationThese materials may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. These materials do not contain  constitute or form part of an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities (the “Securities”) of ONWARD Medical N.V. (the “Company”)  in the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The Securities of the Company may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). There will be no public offering of the Securities in the United States. The Securities of the Company have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act. The Securities referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia  Canada or Japan or to  or for the account or benefit of  any national  resident or citizen of Australia  Canada or Japan subject to certain exceptions. No public offering of the securities will be made in the United States.This document (and the information contained within) is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 in each member state (“Member State”) of the European Economic Area (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Company has not authorised any offer to the public of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area other than in France. With respect to each Member State (each a “Relevant State”)  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of securities requiring publication of a prospectus in any Relevant State. As a result  the Securities may and will only be offered in Relevant States (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or (ii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) or Article 3(2) lit. b of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purpose of this paragraph  the expression “offer of securities to the public” means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable the investor to decide to exercise  purchase or subscribe for the Securities.This document (and the information contained within) is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as it forms part of U.K. domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “U.K. Prospectus Regulation”). No action has been undertaken or will be undertaken that constitutes an offer of the securities referred to herein to the public in the United Kingdom or requires the publication of a prospectus in the United Kingdom. The securities referred to herein may not and will not be offered in the United Kingdom  except to relevant persons in accordance with the exemptions set forth in the U.K. Prospectus Regulation.In the United Kingdom  this document is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons who are “qualified investors” within the meaning the U.K. Prospectus Regulation  and who are also (i) investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  or (ii) high net worth companies  unincorporated associations and other bodies to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated in accordance with Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  or (iii) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.This communication is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This communication cannot be used as basis for any investment agreement or decision. Acquiring investments to which this announcement relates may expose an investor to a significant risk of losing the entire amount invested. Persons considering making such investments should consult a person specializing in advising on such investments. This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning the securities referred to herein.No announcement or information regarding the offering  listing or securities of the Company referred to above may be disseminated to the public in jurisdictions where a prior registration or approval is required for such purpose. No steps have been taken  or will be taken  for the offering or listing of securities of the Company in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required  except for the admission of the offered shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam. The issue  exercise  or sale of  and the subscription for or purchase of  securities of the Company are subject to special legal or statutory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. The Company is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.06,0.39,0.55,True,English,"['Up to EUR 5 Million Upsize Option', 'Accelerated Bookbuild Offering', 'Public Offering', 'ONWARD® Medical', 'Capital Increase', 'Indicative Amount', 'Way', 'France', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', '30-Day Volume Weighted Average Price', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'spinal cord injury', 'EQT Life Sciences', 'customer support capabilities', 'current cash runway', 'other infrastructure capabilities', 'sufficient working capital', 'working capital needs', 'blood pressure regulation', 'same issue price', 'working capital requirements', 'field sales organization', 'Euronext data Reasons', 'investigational ARC-EX * System', 'separate public offering', 'investigational ARC-IM * System', 'investigational ARC-IM System', 'other movement disorders', 'The Issue Price', 'ARC-EX US launch', 'Accelerated Bookbuild Offering', 'new ordinary shares', 'medical technology company', 'The Public Offering', 'The New Shares', 'Regulation S', 'ARC-EX System', 'closing price', 'present requirements', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'market open', 'market access', 'securities prospectus', 'Capital increase', 'INKEF Capital', 'share capital', 'ARC-EX ® development', 'ARC-EX development', 'technology platform', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'commercial organization', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'UNITED STATES', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'regulatory approval', 'indicative amount', 'private placement', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'Existing shareholders', 'nominal value', 'net proceeds', 'development activities', 'product development', 'second half', 'education materials', 'reimbursement activities', 'institutional investors', 'retail investors', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'arm function', 'The Company', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Fund research', 'quality, operations', 'ARC-IM ®', 'Netherlands', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'END', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'issuance', 'funding', 'founders', 'management', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'France', '16.6% discount', 'VWAP', 'March', 'ONWD', 'ISIN', 'people', 'Offerings', '1 Source', 'continued', 'hand', 'preparation', 'year', 'training', 'congresses', 'events', 'mid-20', 'opinion', 'account', 'period', '12 months', 'date', 'announcement', 'Details', 'exemption', 'advance', 'reliance', 'parallel', 'book-building']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37877,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6962160363686859,Bureau Veritas Accelerates M&A and Strengthens Its Position in the Electrical and Electronics Consumer Products Testing in South and North-East Asia,Signature of definitive agreements to acquire two companies in Korea: &#x201C;ONETECH CORP.&#x201D; and &#x201C;KOSTEC Co.  Ltd&#x201D; and of &#x201C;Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt. Ltd&#x201D; in India.               Bureau Veritas    a global leader...,Bureau Veritas Accelerates M&A and Strengthens Its Position in the Electrical and Electronics Consumer Products Testing in South and North-East AsiaSignature of definitive agreements to acquire two companies in Korea: “ONETECH CORP.” and “KOSTEC Co.  Ltd” and of “Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt. Ltd” in India.Bureau Veritas  a global leader in the Testing  Inspection and Certification (TIC) industry  has signed definitive agreements to acquire three players to diversify its position in testing and certification services for the Electrical and Electronics consumer products segment in South and North-East Asia  for a combined revenue of c.€20 million in 2023.“ONETECH CORP.” and “KOSTEC Co.  Ltd”  provide services to a wide portfolio of domestic clients in Korea  including large manufacturers  exporters  and brands for electrical and electronic products  household appliances  and new mobility products. These companies employ around 200 people across their various laboratories.“Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt.” is an electrical and electronics products testing and certification services laboratory in India  covering a large range of products including electrical and electronic products  household appliances and solar equipment. The Company has a diverse portfolio of services from testing  calibration  photometry and certification with a highly competent technical staff of 115 and a facility in Pune  Maharashtra state.These acquisitions enhance Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in South and North-East Asia  entering a large and growing domestic market with increasing regulatory requirements for quality  reliability  safety and energy efficiency. They significantly strengthen Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in Korea  diversifying its current existing platform in a growing Technology market  and complement Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services offering in India.Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas  commented: “We are delighted to welcome both ONETECH Corp. and KOSTEC Co.  Ltd in Korea and Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt. Ltd in India. With the reconfiguration of supply chains  global sourcing shifts  and with customers investing in fast-growing R&D markets  it is critical for us to accompany these transformations. Korea being one of the fastest-growing exporters of Technology products across various segments  and India being one of the fastest-growing technology markets  these countries are an important platform for our growth in Asia. Acquisitions play a key role in our portfolio strategy as we accelerate our ambition to expand our leadership and build new strongholds in strategic markets . ”About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress.With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com   and follow us on X/Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn .Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320427476/en/ANALYST/INVESTORLaurent Brunelle+33 (0)1 55 24 76 09laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.comC olin Verbrugghe+33 (0)1 55 24 77 80colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comK arine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comMEDIAA nette Rey+33 (0) 6 69 79 84 88anette.rey@bureauveritas.com,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.51,0.46,0.03,True,English,"['Electronics Consumer Products Testing', 'Bureau Veritas', 'M&A', 'North-East Asia', 'Position', 'Electrical', 'South', 'Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence', 'Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt', 'Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services', 'Electronics consumer products segment', 'fast-growing R&D markets', 'Electronics Consumer Products Testing', 'laboratory testing services', 'electronics products testing', 'increasing regulatory requirements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new mobility products', 'certification services laboratory', 'competent technical staff', 'current existing platform', 'global sourcing shifts', 'growing domestic market', 'growing Technology market', 'CAC SBT 1.5° index', 'C olin Verbrugghe', 'K arine Ansart', 'Technology products', 'electronic products', 'strategic markets', 'global leader', 'domestic clients', 'important platform', 'new strongholds', 'technical experts', 'blockchain technology', 'growing exporters', 'M&A', 'definitive agreements', 'ONETECH CORP', 'KOSTEC Co.', 'three players', 'combined revenue', 'wide portfolio', 'household appliances', 'various laboratories', 'solar equipment', 'diverse portfolio', 'Maharashtra state', 'energy efficiency', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'supply chains', 'various segments', 'key role', 'portfolio strategy', 'powerful purpose', 'responsible progress', 'preferred partner', 'environmental protection', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'press release', 'source version', 'North-East Asia', 'large manufacturers', 'large range', 'two companies', 'world leader', 'nette Rey', 'customers’ excellence', 'Laurent Brunelle', 'Position', 'Electrical', 'South', 'Signature', 'Korea', 'Inspection', 'brands', '200 people', 'Company', 'calibration', 'photometry', 'facility', 'Pune', 'acquisitions', 'quality', 'reliability', 'safety', 'Ltd', 'reconfiguration', 'transformations', 'countries', 'growth', 'ambition', 'leadership', 'trust', 'vision', 'sustainability', 'change', '83,000 employees', 'challenges', 'health', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'X/Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'businesswire', 'ANALYST/INVESTOR', 'colin', 'karine', 'MEDIA', 'anette', '1 55']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,investorsobserver.com
37878,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENEURO-SA-27100923/news/GeNeuro-Announces-Approval-of-all-Resolutions-Proposed-at-March-18-2024-Extraordinary-General-Meet-46244684/,GeNeuro Announces Approval of all Resolutions Proposed at March 18  2024  Extraordinary General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) 81.4% of the Company’s share capital was represented at the EGM and resolutions were all unanimously approvedhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENEURO-SA-27100923/news/GeNeuro-Announces-Approval-of-all-Resolutions-Proposed-a…,81.4% of the Company’s share capital was represented at the EGM and resolutions were all unanimously approvedRegulatory News:GeNeuro (Euronext Paris: CH0308403085 - GNRO)  a biopharmaceutical company developing treatments for neurodegenerative and autoimmune diseases  such as multiple sclerosis (MS)  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and the severe neuropsychiatric consequences of COVID-19 (post-COVID or Long-COVID)  today announced that its shareholders have approved all resolutions proposed at its Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of March 18  2024. These included among others:Election of two new Members of the Board of Directors  Mrs Sandrine Flory  Chief Financial Officer of Institut Mérieux  and Mr Pascal Lemaire  Chief Financial Officer of ServierIntroduction of a variable compensation for the Board of Directors for 2023-2024  allowing to award stock options in exchange for a reduction of the fixed compensationIncrease of the capital band and of the conditional capital  to replenish these provisions following the February 2024 capital increase.81.42% of the Company’s share capital was represented at the AGM and resolutions were all unanimously approved. Detailed results will be available on the Company’s website at: http://www.geneuro.com/en/investors/general-meetings.About GeNeuroGeNeuro‘s mission is to develop safe and effective treatments against neurological disorders and autoimmune diseases  such as multiple sclerosis  by neutralizing causal factors encoded by HERVs  which represent 8% of human DNA.GeNeuro is based in Geneva  Switzerland and has R&D facilities in Lyon  France. It has rights to 18 patent families protecting its technology.For more information  visit: www.geneuro.comDisclaimer:This press release contains certain forward - looking statements and estimates concerning GeNeuro’s financial condition  operating results  strategy  projects and future performance and the markets in which it operates. Such forward-looking statements and estimates may be identified by words  such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “can ” “could ” “estimate ” “expect ” “intend ” “is designed to ” “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “predict ” “objective ” “should ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. They incorporate all topics that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on management’s current assumptions and assessment of risks  uncertainties and other factors  known and unknown  which were deemed to be reasonable at the time they were made but which may turn out to be incorrect. Events and outcomes are difficult to predict and depend on factors beyond the company’s control. Consequently  the actual results  financial condition  performances and/or achievements of GeNeuro or of the industry may turn out to differ materially from the future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by these statements  forecasts and estimates. Owing to these uncertainties  no representation is made as to the correctness or fairness of these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates speak only as of the date on which they are made  and GeNeuro undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320180393/en/,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'GeNeuro', 'Approval', 'Resolutions', 'March', 'severe neuropsychiatric consequences', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Mrs Sandrine Flory', 'Institut Mérieux', 'Mr Pascal Lemaire', 'R&D facilities', 'View source version', 'two new Members', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'amyotrophic lateral sclerosis', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'February 2024 capital increase', 'Forward looking statements', 'financial condition', 'multiple sclerosis', 'share capital', 'capital band', 'conditional capital', 'Euronext Paris', 'autoimmune diseases', 'variable compensation', 'stock options', 'fixed compensation', 'Detailed results', 'neurological disorders', 'human DNA', '18 patent families', 'press release', 'operating results', 'future performance', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'current assumptions', 'actual results', 'future results', 'new information', 'causal factors', 'other factors', 'Regulatory News', 'effective treatments', 'future events', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'EGM', 'resolutions', 'GeNeuro', 'GNRO', 'neurodegenerative', 'MS', 'ALS', 'COVID-19', 'Long-COVID', 'shareholders', 'March', 'others', 'Election', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Servier', 'Introduction', 'exchange', 'reduction', 'provisions', 'AGM', 'website', 'investors', 'mission', 'safe', 'HERVs', 'Geneva', 'Switzerland', 'Lyon', 'France', 'rights', 'technology', 'Disclaimer', 'estimates', 'strategy', 'projects', 'markets', 'words', 'plan', 'topics', 'forecasts', 'management', 'assessment', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'time', 'outcomes', 'control', 'performances', 'achievements', 'industry', 'representation', 'correctness', 'fairness', 'date', 'obligation', 'law', 'businesswire']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37879,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GAROFALO-HEALTH-CARE-S-P--47103079/news/GHC-Shareholders-Meeting-Call-Notice-and-additional-documentation-for-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-46244776/,GHC: Shareholders’ Meeting Call Notice and additional documentation for Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2024 made available -March 20  2024 at 01:46 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   GAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.: SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING CALL NOTICE AND ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 29  2024 MADE AVAILABLE   Rome  March 20  2024- Garofalo H…,"Press ReleaseGAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.: SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING CALL NOTICE AND ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 29  2024 MADE AVAILABLERome  March 20  2024- Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. (""GHC"") announces that the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting has been scheduled for April 29  2024  at the time of 10AM  in single call  at the registered office of the Company in Rome  Piazzale delle Belle Arti No. 6  according to the manner indicated in the Call Notice.The Call Notice  the Illustrative Reports of the Board of Directors on the matters on the agenda  with the related resolution proposals  and the Information Document relating to the long-term incentive plan called Performance Share Plan 2024-2026 drawn up pursuant to article 84-bis of the Issuer Regulation have been made available at the registered office  on the authorised storage mechanism eMarket STORAGE (www.emarketstorage.com) and on the Company website (www.garofalohealthcare.com  Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section).Information on the amount of the share capital  the proxy/sub-proxy form pursuant to article 135-novies of the Legislative Decree of 24 February 1998  n. 58 (""CFA"") and the proxy form and voting instructions to the Designated Representative pursuant to article 135-undecies of the CFA were made available to the public today at the registered office and on the Company's website www.garofalohealthcare.com  section Governance/Shareholders' Meeting.The additional documentation regarding the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting will be made available to the public in accordance with law.The extract of the call notice of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting was also published today in the Milano Finanza daily newspaper.* * *The GHC GroupThe GHC Group  listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange  is an Italian accredited private healthcare leader operating through 37 healthcare clinics demonstrating excellence  located in Italy's strongest regions and offering a comprehensive range of services covering all areas of healthcare thanks to diversified specialties  the use of cutting-edge technologies and highly-qualified personnel. The Group in fact operates across eight regions in Northern and Central Italy (Piedmont  Lombardy  Veneto  Friuli-Venezia Giulia  Emilia Romagna  Liguria  Tuscany and Lazio)  covering in the hospital sector acute admissions  long-term care  post-acute rehabilitations and outpatient services (the ""Hospital Sector"")  and in the social services and dependency care sector covering residential admissions and district outpatient services (the ""Regional and Social-Care Sector"").* * *FOR FURTHER DETAILS:Garofalo Health Care S.p.A.Mimmo Nesi - Investor RelatorTel. +39 06 68489231 - ir@garofalohealthcare.comWebsite:www.garofalohealthcare.comPress OfficeBarabino & PartnersMaximilian Parboni - m.parboni@barabino.itTel. +39 335 8304078Giuseppe Fresa -g.fresa@barabino.itTel. +39 348 5703197Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. - Capitale Sociale: Euro 31.570.000 i.v. REA: Roma n. 947074 - P.IVA 03831150366 - C.F. 06103021009Sede Legale: Piazzale delle Belle Arti  6 - 00196 Roma - Centralino 06 6848911",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Shareholders’ Meeting Call Notice', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'additional documentation', 'GHC', 'April', 'March', '01:46', 'GAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.', 'Italian accredited private healthcare leader', 'Piazzale delle Belle Arti', 'Milano Finanza daily newspaper', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING CALL NOTICE"", 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'dependency care sector', ""EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'related resolution proposals', 'long-term incentive plan', 'authorised storage mechanism', 'The GHC Group', ""Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section"", 'district outpatient services', 'long-term care', 'P.IVA', 'Press Office Barabino', 'The Group', '37 healthcare clinics', 'Press Release', 'eMarket STORAGE', 'single call', 'registered office', 'hospital sector', 'Social-Care Sector', 'ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION', 'Illustrative Reports', 'Issuer Regulation', 'share capital', 'proxy/sub-proxy form', 'Legislative Decree', 'voting instructions', 'Designated Representative', 'strongest regions', 'comprehensive range', 'diversified specialties', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'qualified personnel', 'eight regions', 'Friuli-Venezia Giulia', 'Emilia Romagna', 'acute admissions', 'post-acute rehabilitations', 'social services', 'residential admissions', 'FURTHER DETAILS', 'Mimmo Nesi', 'Investor Relator', 'Capitale Sociale', 'C.F', 'Sede Legale', 'Information Document', 'Central Italy', 'Maximilian Parboni', 'Giuseppe Fresa', 'Company website', 'APRIL', 'Rome', 'time', '10AM', 'manner', 'Board', 'Directors', 'matters', 'agenda', 'article', 'emarketstorage', 'garofalohealthcare', 'amount', '24 February', 'CFA', 'public', 'accordance', 'law', 'extract', 'excellence', 'areas', 'fact', 'Northern', 'Piedmont', 'Lombardy', 'Veneto', 'Liguria', 'Tuscany', 'Lazio', 'Regional', 'Tel.', 'Partners', '00196 Roma', 'Centralino']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37880,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849099/0/en/Bureau-Veritas-accelerates-M-A-and-strengthens-its-position-in-the-Electrical-and-Electronics-consumer-products-testing-in-South-and-North-East-Asia.html,Bureau Veritas accelerates M&A and strengthens its position in the Electrical and Electronics consumer products testing in South and North-East Asia,PRESS RELEASE    Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – March 20  2024        Bureau Veritas accelerates M&A and strengthens its position in the Electrical...,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – March 20  2024Bureau Veritas accelerates M&A and strengthens its position in the Electrical and Electronics consumer products testing in South and North-East AsiaSignature of definitive agreements to acquire two companies in Korea: “ONETECH CORP.” and “KOSTEC Co.  Ltd” and of “Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt. Ltd” in India.Bureau Veritas  a global leader in the Testing  Inspection and Certification (TIC) industry  has signed definitive agreements to acquire three players to diversify its position in testing and certification services for the Electrical and Electronics consumer products segment in South and North-East Asia  for a combined revenue of c.€20 million in 2023.“ONETECH CORP.” and “KOSTEC Co.  Ltd”  provide services to a wide portfolio of domestic clients in Korea  including large manufacturers  exporters  and brands for electrical and electronic products  household appliances  and new mobility products. These companies employ around 200 people across their various laboratories.“Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt.” is an electrical and electronics products testing and certification services laboratory in India  covering a large range of products including electrical and electronic products  household appliances and solar equipment. The Company has a diverse portfolio of services from testing  calibration  photometry and certification with a highly competent technical staff of 115 and a facility in Pune  Maharashtra state.These acquisitions enhance Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in South and North-East Asia  entering a large and growing domestic market with increasing regulatory requirements for quality  reliability  safety and energy efficiency. They significantly strengthen Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in Korea  diversifying its current existing platform in a growing Technology market  and complement Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services offering in India.Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas  commented: “We are delighted to welcome both ONETECH Corp. and KOSTEC Co.  Ltd in Korea and Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt. Ltd in India. With the reconfiguration of supply chains  global sourcing shifts  and with customers investing in fast-growing R&D markets  it is critical for us to accompany these transformations. Korea being one of the fastest-growing exporters of Technology products across various segments  and India being one of the fastest-growing technology markets  these countries are an important platform for our growth in Asia. Acquisitions play a key role in our portfolio strategy as we accelerate our ambition to expand our leadership and build new strongholds in strategic markets.”About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress.With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on X/Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com.ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 +33 (0) 6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.49,0.49,0.02,True,English,"['Electronics consumer products testing', 'Bureau Veritas', 'M&A', 'North-East Asia', 'position', 'Electrical', 'South', 'ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey', 'Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence', 'Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt', 'Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services', 'Electronics consumer products segment', 'fast-growing R&D markets', 'Electronics consumer products testing', 'laboratory testing services', 'electronics products testing', 'increasing regulatory requirements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new mobility products', 'certification services laboratory', 'competent technical staff', 'current existing platform', 'global sourcing shifts', 'growing domestic market', 'growing Technology market', 'CAC SBT 1.5° index', 'Technology products', 'electronic products', 'strategic markets', 'global leader', 'domestic clients', 'important platform', 'new strongholds', 'technical experts', 'blockchain technology', 'growing exporters', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'M&A', 'definitive agreements', 'ONETECH CORP', 'KOSTEC Co.', 'three players', 'combined revenue', 'wide portfolio', 'household appliances', 'various laboratories', 'solar equipment', 'diverse portfolio', 'Maharashtra state', 'energy efficiency', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'supply chains', 'various segments', 'key role', 'portfolio strategy', 'powerful purpose', 'responsible progress', 'preferred partner', 'environmental protection', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'Colin Verbrugghe', 'North-East Asia', 'large manufacturers', 'large range', 'two companies', 'world leader', 'customers’ excellence', 'Karine Ansart', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'France', 'March', 'position', 'Electrical', 'South', 'Signature', 'Korea', 'Inspection', 'brands', '200 people', 'Company', 'calibration', 'photometry', 'facility', 'Pune', 'acquisitions', 'quality', 'reliability', 'safety', 'Ltd', 'reconfiguration', 'transformations', 'countries', 'growth', 'ambition', 'leadership', 'trust', 'vision', 'sustainability', 'change', '83,000 employees', 'challenges', 'health', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'X/Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Attachment', '1 55']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37881,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD-43851519/news/Correction-Holding-conditions-for-the-Combined-General-Meeting-of-Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield-SE-on-A-46235624/,Correction: Holding conditions for the Combined General Meeting of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE on April 30  2024  availability of its explanatory documentation and the 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) Paris  Amsterdam  March 19  2024 Press release Holding conditions for the Combined General Meeting of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE on April 30  2024  availability of its explanatory documentation and the 2023 Universal Registration Docume…,Paris  Amsterdam  March 19  2024Press releaseHolding conditions for the Combined General Meeting of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE on April 30  2024  availability of its explanatory documentation and the 2023 Universal Registration DocumentThe Combined General Meeting of shareholders of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE will be held at Palais des Congrès de Paris (2  place de la Porte Maillot  salle Bordeaux – 75017 Paris  France) on Tuesday April 30  2024  at 10:30 am (Paris time).The formal notice to shareholders (Avis de réunion à l’Assemblée Générale valant avis de convocation) was published yesterday  in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) and set out the Combined General Meeting agenda  the proposed resolutions  as well as the terms and conditions for voting at this General Meeting.The 2023 Universal Registration Document of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE was filed today with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers).The 2023 Universal Registration Document includes:the 2023 annual financial report the report of the Supervisory Board on the Corporate Governance the management report on the financial year 2023 the remuneration report and the remuneration policy of the members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board the sustainability report the description of the share buy-back program.The explanatory documentation regarding this Combined General Meeting and the 2023 Universal Registration Document are available on request  in compliance with the laws and regulations in force  as well as on the www.urw.com website (under Investors/General Meetings).For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsMeriem Delfi+33 7 63 45 59 77investor.relations @urw.comGonzague Montigny+33 6 10 95 85 84investor.relations @urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global :Cornelia Schnepf – Finelk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance :Sonia Fellmann – PLEAD+33 6 27 84 91 30Sonia.Fellmann@plead.frAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 72 shopping centres in 12 countries  including 38 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €2.5 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Its €50 Bn portfolio is 86% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2023).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places plan  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'explanatory documentation', 'Correction', 'conditions', 'April', 'availability', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Assemblée Générale', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'sustainable, high-quality real estate assets', 'Palais des Congrès', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Combined General Meeting agenda', 'The 2023 Universal Registration Document', 'share buy-back program', 'iconic Westfield brand', 'urban regeneration projects', 'Better Places plan', 'positive environmental, social', 'Chess Depositary Interests', 'industry-leading sustainability standards', '2023 annual financial report', '€2.5 Bn development pipeline', 'mixed-use assets', 'financial year', 'high-quality offices', 'sustainability report', 'mixed-use development', 'Press release', 'explanatory documentation', 'Porte Maillot', 'formal notice', 'réunion', 'Supervisory Board', 'Corporate Governance', 'management report', 'remuneration report', 'remuneration policy', 'Management Board', 'com website', 'Investors/General Meetings', 'Meriem Delfi', 'Gonzague Montigny', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Cornelia.Schnepf', 'Sonia Fellmann', 'Sonia.Fellmann', 'United States', '900 million visits', 'unique platform', 'exhibition venues', '€50 Bn portfolio', 'committed partner', 'economic impact', 'stapled shares', 'secondary listing', 'BBB+ rating', 'Standard & Poor', 'Baa2 rating', 'The Group', 'dynamic cities', 'major cities', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'Holding conditions', 'Tuesday April', 'Avis de', 'Media Relations', '72 shopping centres', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Investor Relations', '75017 Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'availability', 'shareholders', 'salle', 'Bordeaux', 'France', 'convocation', 'BALO', 'resolutions', 'terms', 'voting', 'members', 'description', 'request', 'compliance', 'laws', 'regulations', 'force', 'urw', 'information', 'UK', 'Global', 'Finelk', 'PLEAD', 'owner', 'developer', 'operator', 'Europe', '12 countries', 'retailers', 'brands', 'consumers', '10 convention', 'services', 'December', 'retrofitting', 'buildings', 'commitments', 'communities', 'Ticker', 'Australia', 'Moody', 'Attachment', '10:30']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37882,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Environnement-awarded-Europe-s-largest-water-management-12-year-contract-by-SEDIF-46243386/,Veolia Environnement : awarded Europe's largest water management 12-year contract by SEDIF -March 20  2024 at 10:47 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PDF   Press release: Paris  March 3  2024 - SEDIF contract       The Greater Paris Water Authority selected Veolia for the management of its public drinking water service from 2025 to 2036  considering their offer as the best…,"The Greater Paris Water Authority (SEDIF) selected Veolia for the management of its public drinking water service from 2025 to 2036  considering their offer as the best and most suitable for the challenges defined in their specifications through a vote that took place on January 25  at the end of the tender process. This contract  with a total value of 4 billion euros over 12 years  covers water distribution for 4 million residents in 132 municipalities in the Paris Region.Veolia has mobilized the best of its resources to meet SEDIF's rigorous specifications and strong ambitions covering 4 main areas:health  with optimal water quality;the environment  for an exemplary ecological water service;water pricing that preserves users' purchasing power;governance  with even more shared management arrangements between the contracting authority and the delegate.""In the ambitions defined by SEDIF  we fully find our purpose: to contribute to human progress  firmly aligning with the Sustainable Development Goals defined by the United Nations "" says Estelle Brachlianoff  CEO of Veolia. ""We have come up with an offer of exceptional quality for the people of the Paris region  featuring numerous innovations and world firsts. It is also the most competitive offer in terms of quality/price for the consumer. Alongside SEDIF  with whom we share a vision and values for the water service of tomorrow  we are going to revolutionize the world of water. This contract testifies to Veolia's capacity for innovation and the expertise we are ready to deploy in the service of all our customers.""This signature shows that SEDIF has fully recognized Veolia's efforts to meet its requirements in the most efficient way possible  with nearly 150 major innovations including 10 world-firsts. The Group has relied on its international expertise to build the best solution adapted to the needs of SEDIF:an unparalleled water quality  protecting the population and anticipating the quality standards for micropollutants  endocrine disruptors and drug residues  chlorine and limescale of the coming decades  thanks to a mix of low-pressure reverse osmosis and nanofiltration technologies.protecting the population and anticipating the quality standards for micropollutants  endocrine disruptors and drug residues  chlorine and limescale of the coming decades  thanks to a mix of low-pressure reverse osmosis and nanofiltration technologies. a personalized  thoughtful and solidarity-based water service of the future  using cutting-edge digital and artificial intelligence technologies  connected with communities  to offer a service tailored to different types of customers: condos  individual houses or businesses.connected with communities  to offer a service tailored to different types of customers: condos  individual houses or businesses. an adaptive water service that takes account of climate change and the need to preserve water resources  with a network efficiency target of over 93%  i.e. less than 7% network losses. This is an unprecedented ambition for an underground network 8 000 km long  the distance between Paris and Beijing;The ""Club des Grands Services d'Eau du monde"" will also be extended to 25 cities  to contribute to SEDIF's innovation strategy.To build its offering  Veolia has also relied on excellent partners who have provided the best of their resources  particularly in terms of engineering  construction  and architectural design: OTV for the design of future membrane processes  engineering firms Merlin and Egis  construction and civil engineering companies Eiffage and Chantiers Modernes  and architecture firms MVRDV and Lelli.Veolia group aims to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. Present on five continents with nearly 218 000 employees  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for the management of water  waste and energy that are contributing to a radical turnaround of the current situation. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  to preserve available resources and to renew them. In 2023  the Veolia group provided 113 million inhabitants with drinking water and 103 million with sanitation  produced 42 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 63 million tonnes of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) achieved consolidated revenue of 45 351 million euros in 2023.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.64,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['largest water management 12-year contract', 'Veolia Environnement', 'Europe', 'SEDIF', 'March', '10:47', 'The Greater Paris Water Authority', 'public drinking water service', 'exemplary ecological water service', ""users' purchasing power"", 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'low-pressure reverse osmosis', 'Eau du monde', 'useful, practical solutions', 'three complementary activities', 'artificial intelligence technologies', 'network efficiency target', '42 million megawatt hours', 'optimal water quality', 'unparalleled water quality', 'solidarity-based water service', 'adaptive water service', 'future membrane processes', 'civil engineering companies', 'contracting authority', 'ecological transformation', 'water distribution', 'water pricing', 'The Group', 'Paris Region', 'exceptional quality', 'quality standards', 'Paris Euronext', 'nanofiltration technologies', '7% network losses', 'underground network', '4 million residents', '113 million inhabitants', '63 million tonnes', '45,351 million euros', 'water resources', 'tender process', 'total value', '4 billion euros', '4 main areas', 'human progress', 'United Nations', 'Estelle Brachlianoff', 'numerous innovations', 'efficient way', '150 major innovations', 'best solution', 'endocrine disruptors', 'drug residues', 'coming decades', 'personalized, thoughtful', 'cutting-edge digital', 'different types', 'individual houses', 'climate change', 'unprecedented ambition', 'Grands Services', 'excellent partners', 'engineering firms', 'Chantiers Modernes', 'architecture firms', 'benchmark company', 'five continents', 'radical turnaround', 'current situation', 'rigorous specifications', 'strong ambitions', 'world firsts', 'international expertise', 'innovation strategy', 'architectural design', 'available resources', 'management arrangements', 'competitive offer', 'Veolia Environnement', 'Veolia group', 'SEDIF', 'challenges', 'vote', 'place', 'January', '12 years', '132 municipalities', 'health', 'environment', 'governance', 'delegate', 'purpose', 'CEO', 'people', 'terms', 'quality/price', 'consumer', 'vision', 'values', 'tomorrow', 'capacity', 'customers', 'signature', 'efforts', 'requirements', '10 world-firsts', 'needs', 'population', 'micropollutants', 'chlorine', 'limescale', 'mix', 'communities', 'condos', 'businesses', 'account', 'less', 'distance', 'Beijing', 'Club', '25 cities', 'offering', 'construction', 'OTV', 'Merlin', 'Egis', 'Eiffage', 'MVRDV', 'Lelli', '218,000 employees', 'waste', 'energy', 'access', 'sanitation', 'VIE', 'consolidated', 'revenue']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37883,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXANS-4676/news/Renewal-and-appointment-on-Nexans-Board-of-Directors-to-be-proposed-at-the-Shareholders-Meeting-t-46245305/,Renewal and appointment on Nexans Board of Directors to be proposed at the Shareholders' Meeting to be held on May 16th  2024,(marketscreener.com)     Renewal and appointment on Nexans Board of Directors to be proposed at the Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on May 16th  2024 _PRESS RELEASE_ La Défense  March 20th  2024 – Upon recommendation of the Appointments and Corporate Governa…,Renewal and appointment on Nexans Board of Directors to be proposed at the Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on May 16th  2024_PRESS RELEASE_La Défense  March 20th  2024 – Upon recommendation of the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee  the Nexans Board of Directors has resolved today to propose to the shareholders' meeting to be held on May 16th  2024: (i) the renewal of Jane Basson as an independent director and (ii) the appointment of Tamara de Gruyter as an independent director succeeding to Sylvie Jéhanno who is leaving the Board due to her increasing other engagements.In addition  Tamara de Gruyter is appointed Censor  effective today. In such role she will attend all Board of Directors meetings and be bound by the same obligations as directors.Tamara de Gruyter is President Portfolio Business and member of the executive board at Wärtsilä  a leading company in Finland.She began her career in 1996 at LIPS which was acquired in 2002 by Wärtsilä. Tamara held various managerial positions within the company both in the Marine as well as Services Business. She had been Managing Director for 2 joint-ventures in China as well as for Wärtsilä’s pump business in Singapore. Upon returning to Europe  she has held various Vice President positions before becoming Chief Transformation Officer end of 2019. Tamara has been a member of Wärtsilä’s executive board since 2020 as President of Marine Systems and Head of Portfolio Business. Since January 1st  2024  Tamara took up the role of President Portfolio Business. She is also a member of the Board of Directors of Combient Oy.Tamara is a graduate of the Haarlem Polytechnic and holds a Bachelor in Shipbuilding Engineering.Jean Mouton  Chairman of the Board of Directors said: “We are delighted to welcome Tamara at the Board today. We are convinced that her professional experience  including in the digital industry with Scandinavian companies  her international background and personality will be an asset for Nexans Board of Directors. We would also like to thank Sylvie Jéhanno for her contribution to the Board over the past four years”.In addition  the European Work Council has appointed Elisabetta Iaconantonio  General Accounting Specialist at the Pioltello site in Italy  as Director representing employees  succeeding to Bjorn Erik Nyborg. The Board of Directors thanks Bjorn Erik for his engagement over the past years  welcomes Elisabetta and wishes her every success in her new role.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With approximately 28 500 people in 41 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2023  Nexans generated 6.5 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group is recognized on the CDP Climate Change A List as a global leader on climate action and has committed to Net-Zero emissions by 2050 aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91nexans_h@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys Leosticmaellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Nexans Board', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'May 16th', 'Renewal', 'appointment', 'Directors', '2024', 'CDP Climate Change A List', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Maëllys Leostic maellys', 'four main business areas', 'various Vice President positions', 'various managerial positions', 'La Défense', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'Sylvie Jéhanno', 'increasing other engagements', 'Chief Transformation Officer', 'European Work Council', 'General Accounting Specialist', 'past four years', 'President Portfolio Business', 'Bjorn Erik Nyborg', 'Emmanuel Guinot emmanuel', 'Tamara de Gruyter', 'climate action', 'past years', 'a century', 'compartment A.', 'pump business', 'Services Business', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'May 16th', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Jane Basson', 'same obligations', 'Wärtsilä', 'January 1st', 'Combient Oy', 'Haarlem Polytechnic', 'Shipbuilding Engineering', 'Jean Mouton', 'professional experience', 'Scandinavian companies', 'international background', 'Pioltello site', 'new world', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.5 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'cable systems', 'Power Generation', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'Net-Zero emissions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mael Evin', 'Investor relations', 'independent director', 'Managing Director', 'leading company', 'The Group', 'first company', 'executive board', 'Marine Systems', 'Elisabetta Iaconantonio', 'The Board', 'new role', 'crucial role', 'global leader', 'Havas Paris', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'digital industry', 'Directors meetings', 'Nexans Board', 'Renewal', 'appointment', 'recommendation', 'addition', 'Censor', 'member', 'Finland', 'career', 'LIPS', '2 joint-ventures', 'China', 'Singapore', 'Head', 'graduate', 'Bachelor', 'Chairman', 'today', 'personality', 'asset', 'contribution', 'Italy', 'employees', 'success', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '28,500 people', '41 countries', 'way', 'everyone', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'Transmission', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Solutions', 'Foundation', 'access', 'energy', 'SBTi', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '2024']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37884,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Appointments-to-Veolia-s-Board-of-Directors-46244555/,Appointments to Veolia's Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:The board of directors of Veolia   which met on March 12  2024  has decided  on the recommendation of the nominations committee  to propose a number of detailed changes to the general assembly on April 25  2024  as out…,Regulatory News:The board of directors of Veolia (Paris:VIE)  which met on March 12  2024  has decided  on the recommendation of the nominations committee  to propose a number of detailed changes to the general assembly on April 25  2024  as outlined below.Diversity within Veolia's board of directors is of paramount importance as it brings a variety of perspectives  experiences  and skills. By including members from different nationalities  the board can better understand and respond to the challenges and opportunities of the global markets in which the company operates. In line with this vision  if the resolutions of the annual general assembly on April 25  2024  are adopted in accordance with the recommendations  the board will consist of 15 members representing six nationalities  with a majority of 54.5% female directors.Proposed changes to the composition of the board of directors:The appointment of Ms. Julia Marton-Lefèvre as a directorMs. Julia Marton-Lefèvre  of French and American nationalities  has held prominent executive positions in international organizations (UNESCO  International Council for Science)  academic institutions (University for Peace at Costa Rica  Yale University and the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies (IHEID) in Switzerland)  and environmental organizations  culminating in an eight-year term as head of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). She has also served in non-executive roles at the Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES). She is currently the president of the Villars Institute  the Alliance of Bioversity International and CIAT  the executive committee of the Tyler Prize for Environmental Achievement  the advisory board of the Institute for Sustainable Development and International Relations (IDDRI)  and a member of the Board of Trustees of the Wildlife Conservation Society.Renewal as directors of Ms. Isabelle Courville and Mr. Guillaume Texier  whose terms expires on April 25  2024  Ms. Nathalie Rachou having not requested the renewal of her mandateThe appointment of Mr. Guillaume Texier  subject to his renewal as a director by the general assembly  as chairman of the accounts and audit committee  replacing Ms. Nathalie RachouThe appointment  effective from the general assembly on April 25  2024  due to the fact that Ms. Maryse Aulagnon will no longer be considered independent from the same general assembly  of:Mr. Pierre-André de Chalendar  as lead director   who will chair the board of directors in the absence or incapacity of the chairman;Mr. Olivier Andriès  as chairman of the remuneration committee.will no longer be considered independent from the same general assembly  of:The Board of Directors warmly thanks Ms. Nathalie Rachou for her involvement in its work over the past twelve years  and in particular for her involvement in the specialized committee formed during the merger project with Suez.ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia group aims to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. Present on five continents with nearly 218 000 employees  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for the management of water  waste and energy that are contributing to a radical turnaround of the current situation. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  to preserve available resources and to renew them. In 2023  the Veolia group provided 113 million inhabitants with drinking water and 103 million with sanitation  produced 42 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 63 million tonnes of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) achieved consolidated revenue of 45 351 million euros in 2023. www.veolia.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320712720/en/,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.47,0.28,0.25,True,English,"['Appointments', 'Veolia', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Mr. Pierre-André de Chalendar', 'Mr. Olivier Andriès', 'Ms. Julia Marton-Lefèvre', 'Mr. Guillaume Texier', 'Ms. Isabelle Courville', 'Ms. Nathalie Rachou', 'Ms. Maryse Aulagnon', 'Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform', 'past twelve years', 'useful, practical solutions', 'three complementary activities', 'prominent executive positions', '42 million megawatt hours', 'annual general assembly', 'Wildlife Conservation Society', 'same general assembly', 'executive roles', 'executive committee', '113 million inhabitants', '63 million tonnes', '45,351 million euros', 'Regulatory News', 'nominations committee', 'paramount importance', 'different nationalities', 'global markets', 'six nationalities', 'American nationalities', 'academic institutions', 'Costa Rica', 'Development Studies', 'environmental organizations', 'eight-year term', 'Ecosystem Services', 'Tyler Prize', 'Environmental Achievement', 'Sustainable Development', 'audit committee', 'remuneration committee', 'specialized committee', 'merger project', 'ecological transformation', 'five continents', 'radical turnaround', 'current situation', 'source version', 'international organizations', 'International Council', 'International Union', 'Bioversity International', 'International Relations', 'Graduate Institute', 'Villars Institute', 'detailed changes', 'Yale University', 'benchmark company', 'available resources', 'drinking water', 'Paris Euronext', 'Veolia Environnement', 'lead director', '54.5% female directors', 'advisory board', 'Veolia group', 'March', 'recommendation', 'number', 'April', 'Diversity', 'variety', 'perspectives', 'experiences', 'skills', 'members', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'line', 'vision', 'resolutions', 'accordance', 'majority', 'composition', 'appointment', 'French', 'UNESCO', 'Peace', 'IHEID', 'Switzerland', 'head', 'Nature', 'IUCN', 'IPBES', 'president', 'Alliance', 'CIAT', 'IDDRI', 'Trustees', 'Renewal', 'terms', 'mandate', 'chairman', 'accounts', 'fact', 'absence', 'incapacity', 'involvement', 'work', 'Suez', '218,000 employees', 'management', 'waste', 'energy', 'access', 'sanitation', 'consolidated', 'revenue', 'businesswire']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37885,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Awarded-Europe-s-Largest-Water-Management-12-Year-Contract-by-SEDIF-46243702/,Veolia Awarded Europe's Largest Water Management 12-Year Contract by SEDIF,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:The Greater Paris Water Authority selected Veolia for the management of its public drinking water service from 2025 to 2036  considering their offer as the best and most suitable for the challenges defined in their spe…,"Regulatory News:The Greater Paris Water Authority (SEDIF) selected Veolia (Paris:VIE) for the management of its public drinking water service from 2025 to 2036  considering their offer as the best and most suitable for the challenges defined in their specifications through a vote that took place on January 25  at the end of the tender process. This contract  with a total value of 4 billion euros over 12 years  covers water distribution for 4 million residents in 132 municipalities in the Paris Region.Veolia has mobilized the best of its resources to meet SEDIF's rigorous specifications and strong ambitions covering 4 main areas:health  with optimal water quality;the environment  for an exemplary ecological water service;water pricing that preserves users' purchasing power;governance  with even more shared management arrangements between the contracting authority and the delegate.""In the ambitions defined by SEDIF  we fully find our purpose: to contribute to human progress  firmly aligning with the Sustainable Development Goals defined by the United Nations "" says Estelle Brachlianoff  CEO of Veolia. “We have come up with an offer of exceptional quality for the people of the Paris region  featuring numerous innovations and world firsts. It is also the most competitive offer in terms of quality/price for the consumer. Alongside SEDIF  with whom we share a vision and values for the water service of tomorrow  we are going to revolutionize the world of water. This contract testifies to Veolia's capacity for innovation and the expertise we are ready to deploy in the service of all our customers.""This signature shows that SEDIF has fully recognized Veolia's efforts to meet its requirements in the most efficient way possible  with nearly 150 major innovations including 10 world-firsts. The Group has relied on its international expertise to build the best solution adapted to the needs of SEDIF:an unparalleled water quality   protecting the population and anticipating the quality standards for micropollutants  endocrine disruptors and drug residues  chlorine and limescale of the coming decades  thanks to a mix of low-pressure reverse osmosis and nanofiltration technologies.  protecting the population and anticipating the quality standards for micropollutants  endocrine disruptors and drug residues  chlorine and limescale of the coming decades  thanks to a mix of low-pressure reverse osmosis and nanofiltration technologies. a personalized  thoughtful and solidarity-based water service of the future  using cutting-edge digital and artificial intelligence technologies  connected with communities  to offer a service tailored to different types of customers: condos  individual houses or businesses.connected with communities  to offer a service tailored to different types of customers: condos  individual houses or businesses. an adaptive water service that takes account of climate change and the need to preserve water resources  with a network efficiency target of over 93%  i.e. less than 7% network losses. This is an unprecedented ambition for an underground network 8 000 km long  the distance between Paris and Beijing;The ""Club des Grands Services d'Eau du monde"" will also be extended to 25 cities  to contribute to SEDIF's innovation strategy.To build its offering  Veolia has also relied on excellent partners who have provided the best of their resources  particularly in terms of engineering  construction  and architectural design: OTV for the design of future membrane processes  engineering firms Merlin and Egis  construction and civil engineering companies Eiffage and Chantiers Modernes  and architecture firms MVRDV and Lelli.ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia group aims to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. Present on five continents with nearly 218 000 employees  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for the management of water  waste and energy that are contributing to a radical turnaround of the current situation. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  to preserve available resources and to renew them. In 2023  the Veolia group provided 113 million inhabitants with drinking water and 103 million with sanitation  produced 42 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 63 million tonnes of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) achieved consolidated revenue of 45 351 million euros in 2023. www.veolia.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320910252/en/",neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Largest Water Management 12-Year Contract', 'Veolia', 'Europe', 'SEDIF', 'The Greater Paris Water Authority', 'public drinking water service', 'exemplary ecological water service', ""users' purchasing power"", 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'Eau du monde', 'useful, practical solutions', 'three complementary activities', 'artificial intelligence technologies', 'network efficiency target', '42 million megawatt hours', 'optimal water quality', 'unparalleled water quality', 'solidarity-based water service', 'adaptive water service', 'future membrane processes', 'civil engineering companies', 'low-pressure reverse osmosis', 'contracting authority', 'ecological transformation', 'water distribution', 'water pricing', 'The Group', 'exceptional quality', 'quality standards', 'nanofiltration technologies', '7% network losses', 'underground network', '4 million residents', '113 million inhabitants', '63 million tonnes', '45,351 million euros', 'Paris Region', 'Paris Euronext', 'water resources', 'Regulatory News', 'tender process', 'total value', '4 billion euros', '4 main areas', 'human progress', 'United Nations', 'Estelle Brachlianoff', 'numerous innovations', 'efficient way', '150 major innovations', 'best solution', 'endocrine disruptors', 'drug residues', 'coming decades', 'personalized, thoughtful', 'cutting-edge digital', 'different types', 'individual houses', 'climate change', 'unprecedented ambition', 'Grands Services', 'excellent partners', 'engineering firms', 'Chantiers Modernes', 'architecture firms', 'benchmark company', 'five continents', 'radical turnaround', 'current situation', 'consolidated revenue', 'source version', 'rigorous specifications', 'strong ambitions', 'world firsts', 'international expertise', 'innovation strategy', 'architectural design', 'available resources', 'management arrangements', 'competitive offer', 'Veolia Environnement', 'Veolia group', 'SEDIF', 'VIE', 'challenges', 'vote', 'place', 'January', '12 years', '132 municipalities', 'health', 'environment', 'governance', 'delegate', 'purpose', 'CEO', 'people', 'terms', 'quality/price', 'consumer', 'vision', 'values', 'tomorrow', 'capacity', 'customers', 'signature', 'efforts', 'requirements', '10 world-firsts', 'needs', 'population', 'micropollutants', 'chlorine', 'limescale', 'mix', 'communities', 'condos', 'businesses', 'account', 'less', 'distance', 'Beijing', 'Club', '25 cities', 'offering', 'construction', 'OTV', 'Merlin', 'Egis', 'Eiffage', 'MVRDV', 'Lelli', '218,000 employees', 'waste', 'energy', 'access', 'sanitation', 'businesswire']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-Appoints-New-Chief-Technology-Officer-46237545/,BenevolentAI Appoints New Chief Technology Officer,(marketscreener.com) BenevolentAI   a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces that the current Chief Technology Officer   Dr. Daniel Neil  is leaving the Company at the beginning of April after 7 years at Benevo…,BenevolentAI (“BenevolentAI” or the “Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader in applying advanced AI to accelerate biopharma drug discovery  today announces that the current Chief Technology Officer (CTO)  Dr. Daniel Neil  is leaving the Company at the beginning of April after 7 years at BenevolentAI to relocate to be nearer his family. The Company is pleased to announce the appointment of Dr. James Malone as BenevolentAI’s new Chief Technology Officer. James will join at the beginning of April and will be based out of the UK  reporting into BenevolentAI’s CEO  Dr. Joerg Moeller.James has over 20 years’ experience in industry and academia  working across data engineering  AI and bioinformatics  as well as building and leading global engineering teams  largely to support biomedical R&D. Prior to joining BenevolentAI  James was Vice President of Engineering at Logically.ai and previously held senior leadership roles at AI life sciences companies BenchSci and SciBite.At BenchSci  as VP Data Engineering  Machine Learning and Bioinformatics  he was involved in applying best practices in AI and data engineering into R&D  including drug safety and discovery. As Chief Technology Officer at SciBite  James helped build software using ontologies  machine learning and knowledge graphs to analyse scientific data. Prior to this he was at the European BioInformatics Institute (EBI) working on a variety of data sources  such as Open Targets.James has a PhD in Machine Learning and Bioinformatics and spent two years at Edinburgh University as a Research Fellow in Artificial Intelligence.Dr. Joerg Moeller  Chief Executive Officer of BenevolentAI  commented: “On behalf of BenevolentAI  I want to thank Daniel Neil for his many achievements and dedication to the Company over many years and wish him well for the future. We are excited to welcome James Malone to BenevolentAI as our new CTO. James’ extensive experience is aligned to the problems of drug discovery and development and AI approaches. Specifically  his experience in building technology to support R&D within biotech will help with the continuing development of the BenevolentAI PlatformTM  which is critical for us to deliver cutting edge AI-driven drug discovery.”Dr. James Malone  incoming Chief Technology Officer  commented: “I’m excited to join the leadership team at BenevolentAI. I believe the combination of the Benevolent PlatformTM  along with the Company’s in-house scientific expertise  gives BenevolentAI strong foundations to continue to advance the use of AI in drug discovery and development to find life-changing treatments for patients.”About BenevolentAIAt BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI)  we serve patients by leveraging our proprietary and validated Benevolent PlatformTM that integrates AI and science to uncover new biology  predict novel targets and develop first-in-class or best-in-class drugs for complex diseases. By applying proprietary advanced AI tools  in combination with in-house scientific expertise and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to identify and accelerate novel drug discovery.The Company’s business model presents multiple routes for value creation including discovery collaborations with pharma companies like AstraZeneca and Merck  advancing in-house pipelines to inflection points  and commercialising a suite of knowledge exploration tools. Headquartered in London  with wet labs in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York  BenevolentAI is at the forefront of reshaping the future of drug discovery and delivering innovative medicines.Category: Non-regulatoryView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240319657853/en/,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['New Chief Technology Officer', 'BenevolentAI', 'cutting edge AI-driven drug discovery', 'current Chief Technology Officer', 'incoming Chief Technology Officer', 'AI life sciences companies', 'new Chief Technology Officer', 'proprietary advanced AI tools', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dr. Joerg Moeller', 'knowledge exploration tools', 'senior leadership roles', 'house scientific expertise', 'biopharma drug discovery', 'global engineering teams', 'Dr. Daniel Neil', 'novel drug discovery', 'biomedical R&D.', 'European BioInformatics Institute', 'Dr. James Malone', 'VP Data Engineering', 'James’ extensive experience', 'pharma companies', 'scientific data', 'drug safety', 'house pipelines', 'knowledge graphs', 'leadership team', 'new biology', 'novel targets', 'discovery collaborations', 'New York', 'data sources', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Vice President', 'Logically.ai', 'Machine Learning', 'best practices', 'Open Targets', 'Edinburgh University', 'Research Fellow', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'many achievements', 'new CTO', 'AI approaches', 'Benevolent PlatformTM', 'strong foundations', 'life-changing treatments', 'complex diseases', 'wet-lab facilities', 'business model', 'multiple routes', 'value creation', 'inflection points', 'wet labs', 'innovative medicines', 'source version', '20 years’ experience', 'two years', 'many years', 'class drugs', 'The Company', 'continuing development', 'BenevolentAI PlatformTM', '7 years', 'BAI', 'beginning', 'April', 'family', 'appointment', 'UK', 'CEO', 'industry', 'academia', 'BenchSci', 'SciBite', 'software', 'ontologies', 'EBI', 'variety', 'PhD', 'behalf', 'dedication', 'future', 'problems', 'biotech', 'combination', 'patients', 'AstraZeneca', 'Merck', 'suite', 'London', 'Cambridge', 'forefront', 'Category', 'regulatory', 'businesswire']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BUREAU-VERITAS-SA-64670/news/Bureau-Veritas-Accelerates-M-A-and-Strengthens-Its-Position-in-the-Electrical-and-Electronics-Consum-46238935/,Bureau Veritas Accelerates M&A and Strengthens Its Position in the Electrical and Electronics Consumer Products Testing in South and North-East Asia,(marketscreener.com) Signature of definitive agreements to acquire two companies in Korea: “ONETECH CORP.” and “KOSTEC Co.  Ltd” and of “Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt. Ltd” in India.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BUREAU-VERITAS-SA-64670/news/B…,Signature of definitive agreements to acquire two companies in Korea: “ONETECH CORP.” and “KOSTEC Co.  Ltd” and of “Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt. Ltd” in India.Bureau Veritas  a global leader in the Testing  Inspection and Certification (TIC) industry  has signed definitive agreements to acquire three players to diversify its position in testing and certification services for the Electrical and Electronics consumer products segment in South and North-East Asia  for a combined revenue of c.€20 million in 2023.“ONETECH CORP.” and “KOSTEC Co.  Ltd”  provide services to a wide portfolio of domestic clients in Korea  including large manufacturers  exporters  and brands for electrical and electronic products  household appliances  and new mobility products. These companies employ around 200 people across their various laboratories.“Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt.” is an electrical and electronics products testing and certification services laboratory in India  covering a large range of products including electrical and electronic products  household appliances and solar equipment. The Company has a diverse portfolio of services from testing  calibration  photometry and certification with a highly competent technical staff of 115 and a facility in Pune  Maharashtra state.These acquisitions enhance Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in South and North-East Asia  entering a large and growing domestic market with increasing regulatory requirements for quality  reliability  safety and energy efficiency. They significantly strengthen Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in Korea  diversifying its current existing platform in a growing Technology market  and complement Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services offering in India.Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas  commented: “We are delighted to welcome both ONETECH Corp. and KOSTEC Co.  Ltd in Korea and Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt. Ltd in India. With the reconfiguration of supply chains  global sourcing shifts  and with customers investing in fast-growing R&D markets  it is critical for us to accompany these transformations. Korea being one of the fastest-growing exporters of Technology products across various segments  and India being one of the fastest-growing technology markets  these countries are an important platform for our growth in Asia. Acquisitions play a key role in our portfolio strategy as we accelerate our ambition to expand our leadership and build new strongholds in strategic markets.”About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress.With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on X/Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320427476/en/,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.56,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['Electronics Consumer Products Testing', 'Bureau Veritas', 'M&A', 'North-East Asia', 'Position', 'Electrical', 'South', 'Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence', 'Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services offering', 'Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt', 'Electronics consumer products segment', 'fast-growing R&D markets', 'certification services laboratory', 'laboratory testing services', 'new mobility products', 'electronics products testing', 'increasing regulatory requirements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'competent technical staff', 'current existing platform', 'global sourcing shifts', 'growing domestic market', 'growing Technology market', 'Certification (TIC) industry', 'CAC SBT 1.5° index', 'Technology products', 'electronic products', 'strategic markets', 'global leader', 'domestic clients', 'important platform', 'new strongholds', 'technical experts', 'blockchain technology', 'growing exporters', 'definitive agreements', 'ONETECH CORP', 'KOSTEC Co.', 'three players', 'combined revenue', 'wide portfolio', 'household appliances', 'various laboratories', 'solar equipment', 'diverse portfolio', 'Maharashtra state', 'energy efficiency', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'supply chains', 'various segments', 'key role', 'portfolio strategy', 'powerful purpose', 'responsible progress', 'preferred partner', 'environmental protection', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'press release', 'source version', 'North-East Asia', 'large manufacturers', 'large range', 'two companies', 'world leader', 'customers’ excellence', 'Signature', 'Korea', 'Inspection', 'position', 'Electrical', 'South', 'brands', '200 people', 'Company', 'calibration', 'photometry', 'facility', 'Pune', 'acquisitions', 'quality', 'reliability', 'safety', 'Ltd', 'reconfiguration', 'transformations', 'countries', 'growth', 'ambition', 'leadership', 'trust', 'vision', 'sustainability', 'change', '83,000 employees', 'challenges', 'health', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'X/Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'businesswire']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/20/deutsche-bank-ag-sells-2456-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Deutsche Bank AG Sells 2 456 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Deutsche Bank AG trimmed its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.1% during the third quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 117 347 shares of the company’s stock …,Deutsche Bank AG trimmed its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.1% during the third quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 117 347 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2 456 shares during the period. Deutsche Bank AG’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $16 627 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in RSP. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 3rd quarter valued at $26 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 2nd quarter valued at $26 000. Householder Group Estate & Retirement Specialist LLC acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the third quarter worth $28 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the third quarter worth $38 000. Finally  Coppell Advisory Solutions Corp. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the fourth quarter worth $50 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Up 0.6 %Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock opened at $165.17 on Wednesday. The business’s 50-day simple moving average is $160.03 and its 200 day simple moving average is $151.19. The stock has a market cap of $46.69 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $133.34 and a 12-month high of $166.82.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Deutsche Bank AG', '2,456 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'Coppell Advisory Solutions Corp.', '50-day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'Several other institutional investors', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'other hedge funds', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'recent 13F filing', 'Householder Group Estate', 'Retirement Specialist LLC', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'latest 13F filings', 'recent reporting period', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'third quarter', '3rd quarter', '2nd quarter', 'new position', 'fourth quarter', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'new stake', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'SEC', '117,347 shares', 'company', '2,456 shares', 'holdings', 'end', 'stakes', 'Wednesday', 'business', 'price', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,etfdailynews.com
37889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-to-provide-regulatory-compliance-insights-at-2024-CBA-LIVE-conference-46242423/,Wolters Kluwer to provide regulatory compliance insights at 2024 CBA LIVE conference,(marketscreener.com) Experts to moderate Community Reinvestment Act and Special Purpose Credit Program panelshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-to-provide-regulatory-compliance-insights-at-2024-CBA-LIVE-c…,Experts to moderate Community Reinvestment Act and Special Purpose Credit Program panelsWolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions’ Timothy Burniston  Senior Advisor  Regulatory Strategy  and Jason Keller  Director  Advisory Services  will share insights on several key U.S. regulatory banking issues at the 2024 CBA LIVE conference March 25-27 at Gaylord National Harbor in Washington  DC.Burniston will moderate a panel  “Operationalizing a Modernized CRA Rule” that focuses on major changes to Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) regulations at 10:30 a.m. Tuesday  March 26  while Keller participates in a panel discussion  “Achieving Success with Special Purpose Credit Programs (SPCPs) ” at 3:25 p.m. Monday  March 25.“The complexity of changes brought about by a modernized CRA presents banks with significant interpretive and operational challenges they will have to navigate ” saidVikram Savkar  Executive Vice President and General Manager  Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions. “Special Purpose Credit Programs present opportunities for lenders in helping identify and expand credit. Both panels should generate lively discussions to help advance understanding and informed decision making for industry stakeholders.”Given a growing interest from banks and regulators alike in the use of SPCPs  Keller’s panel will present insights on best practices for navigating  implementing  and operating an SCPC to its greatest potential. Burniston will moderate a panel of highly experienced industry CRA leaders who will discuss strategic and tactical approaches to optimize the implementation process that will be essential to meet the objectives of the new  modernized CRA rule.Now in its 15th year  CBA LIVE provides senior bankers and industry leaders from across the country a forum for discussing and exploring the latest industry trends and ideas.Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions is a market leader and trusted provider of risk management and regulatory compliance solutions and services to U.S. banks  credit unions  insurers and securities firms. The business sits within the Wolters Kluwer Financial & Corporate Compliance (FCC) division and helps these financial institutions efficiently manage risk and regulatory compliance obligations  and gain the insights needed to focus on better serving their customers and growing their business.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.comAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320519620/en/,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.54,0.45,0.01,True,English,"['regulatory compliance insights', '2024 CBA LIVE conference', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'several key U.S. regulatory banking issues', 'Special Purpose Credit Program panels', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Special Purpose Credit Programs', 'new, modernized CRA rule', 'experienced industry CRA leaders', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'U.S. banks', 'regulatory compliance solutions', 'regulatory compliance obligations', 'Community Reinvestment Act', 'Gaylord National Harbor', 'Executive Vice President', 'informed decision making', 'deep domain knowledge', 'latest industry trends', '2024 CBA LIVE conference', 'industry leaders', 'Regulatory Strategy', 'credit unions', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'Corporate Compliance', 'CRA) regulations', 'industry stakeholders', 'Senior Advisor', 'significant interpretive', 'operational challenges', 'saidVikram Savkar', 'General Manager', 'lively discussions', 'growing interest', 'best practices', 'greatest potential', 'tactical approaches', 'implementation process', '15th year', 'senior bankers', 'market leader', 'trusted provider', 'securities firms', 'FCC) division', 'global leader', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'major changes', 'risk management', 'financial institutions', 'Timothy Burniston', 'Jason Keller', 'Advisory Services', 'panel discussion', 'Experts', 'Director', 'insights', 'Washington', 'DC', '10:30 a', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Success', 'SPCPs', 'Monday', 'complexity', 'opportunities', 'lenders', 'understanding', 'regulators', 'use', 'SCPC', 'strategic', 'objectives', 'country', 'forum', 'ideas', 'insurers', 'business', 'customers', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'ESG', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', '3:25']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849742/0/en/Renewal-and-appointment-on-Nexans-Board-of-Directors-to-be-proposed-at-the-Shareholders-Meeting-to-be-held-on-May-16th-2024.html,Renewal and appointment on Nexans Board of Directors to be proposed at the Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on May 16th  2024,Renewal and appointment on Nexans Board of Directors to be proposed at the Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on May 16th  2024           ...,Renewal and appointment on Nexans Board of Directors to be proposed at the Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on May 16th  2024_PRESS RELEASE_La Défense  March 20th  2024 – Upon recommendation of the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee  the Nexans Board of Directors has resolved today to propose to the shareholders' meeting to be held on May 16th  2024: (i) the renewal of Jane Basson as an independent director and (ii) the appointment of Tamara de Gruyter as an independent director succeeding to Sylvie Jéhanno who is leaving the Board due to her increasing other engagements.In addition  Tamara de Gruyter is appointed Censor  effective today. In such role she will attend all Board of Directors meetings and be bound by the same obligations as directors.Tamara de Gruyter is President Portfolio Business and member of the executive board at Wärtsilä  a leading company in Finland.She began her career in 1996 at LIPS which was acquired in 2002 by Wärtsilä. Tamara held various managerial positions within the company both in the Marine as well as Services Business. She had been Managing Director for 2 joint-ventures in China as well as for Wärtsilä’s pump business in Singapore. Upon returning to Europe  she has held various Vice President positions before becoming Chief Transformation Officer end of 2019. Tamara has been a member of Wärtsilä’s executive board since 2020 as President of Marine Systems and Head of Portfolio Business. Since January 1st  2024  Tamara took up the role of President Portfolio Business. She is also a member of the Board of Directors of Combient Oy.Tamara is a graduate of the Haarlem Polytechnic and holds a Bachelor in Shipbuilding Engineering.Jean Mouton  Chairman of the Board of Directors said: “We are delighted to welcome Tamara at the Board today. We are convinced that her professional experience  including in the digital industry with Scandinavian companies  her international background and personality will be an asset for Nexans Board of Directors. We would also like to thank Sylvie Jéhanno for her contribution to the Board over the past four years”.In addition  the European Work Council has appointed Elisabetta Iaconantonio  General Accounting Specialist at the Pioltello site in Italy  as Director representing employees  succeeding to Bjorn Erik Nyborg. The Board of Directors thanks Bjorn Erik for his engagement over the past years  welcomes Elisabetta and wishes her every success in her new role.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With approximately 28 500 people in 41 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2023  Nexans generated 6.5 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group is recognized on the CDP Climate Change A List as a global leader on climate action and has committed to Net-Zero emissions by 2050 aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91nexans_h@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys Leosticmaellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Nexans Board', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'May 16th', 'Renewal', 'appointment', 'Directors', 'CDP Climate Change A List', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Maëllys Leostic maellys', 'four main business areas', 'various Vice President positions', 'various managerial positions', 'La Défense', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'Sylvie Jéhanno', 'increasing other engagements', 'Chief Transformation Officer', 'European Work Council', 'General Accounting Specialist', 'past four years', 'President Portfolio Business', 'Bjorn Erik Nyborg', 'Emmanuel Guinot emmanuel', 'Tamara de Gruyter', 'climate action', 'past years', 'a century', 'compartment A.', 'pump business', 'Services Business', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'May 16th', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Jane Basson', 'same obligations', 'Wärtsilä', 'January 1st', 'Combient Oy', 'Haarlem Polytechnic', 'Shipbuilding Engineering', 'Jean Mouton', 'professional experience', 'Scandinavian companies', 'international background', 'Pioltello site', 'new world', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.5 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'cable systems', 'Power Generation', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'Net-Zero emissions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mael Evin', 'Investor relations', 'independent director', 'Managing Director', 'leading company', 'The Group', 'first company', 'executive board', 'Marine Systems', 'Elisabetta Iaconantonio', 'The Board', 'new role', 'crucial role', 'global leader', 'Havas Paris', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'digital industry', 'Directors meetings', 'Nexans Board', 'Renewal', 'appointment', 'recommendation', 'addition', 'Censor', 'member', 'Finland', 'career', 'LIPS', '2 joint-ventures', 'China', 'Singapore', 'Head', 'graduate', 'Bachelor', 'Chairman', 'today', 'personality', 'asset', 'contribution', 'Italy', 'employees', 'success', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '28,500 people', '41 countries', 'way', 'everyone', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'Transmission', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Solutions', 'Foundation', 'access', 'energy', 'SBTi', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '2024']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Waga-Energy-announces-the-launch-of-an-accelerated-bookbuild-offering-for-a-minimum-amount-of-45-46244276/,Waga Energy announces the launch of an accelerated bookbuild offering for a minimum amount of 45 million,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyWaga Energy announces the launch of an accelerated bookbuild offering for a minimum amount of €45 million 20-March-2024 / 17:40 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issue…,"Waga Energy announces the launchof an accelerated bookbuild offering for aminimum amount of €45 million€18.3 million already committed from ALIAD  Noria  Starquest  VOL-V  CMA-CGMand Tertium Croissance  historical shareholders  and from EnoweThe net proceeds of the offering will be used to support Waga Energy’s accelerated international expansionWaga Energy (EPA: WAGA) (the “Company”)  a global expert in converting landfill gas into Renewable Natural Gas (RNG)  announces the launch of a capital increase without shareholders’ preferential subscription rights reserved to specific categories of investors  in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code  for a minimum aggregate amount of €45 million (the “Offering“).The Offering includes investments from Air Liquide Investissements d’Avenir et de Démonstration (ALIAD)  Noria  Starquest  VOL-V  CMA-CGM  and Tertium Croissance  historical shareholders  and from Enowe  who have entered into subscription commitments (the “Subscription Commitments”).Mathieu Lefebvre  Waga Energy CEO  comments: “Two and a half years after Waga Energy's IPO  and as we continue to execute our roadmap  we have decided to carry out a capital increase to accelerate the deployment of our solution worldwide  in a highly favorable market for renewable natural gas production. We now own 20 units in operation  13 under construction  and with approximately 160 projects in the pipeline. Half of these projects are located in the United States  where we have recently commenced operations at our first facility. This financing will enable us to capitalize on opportunities in this strategic market  where we have won several RFPs in recent months. We are delighted to have the support of our historical industrial and financial shareholders in this transaction.”Transaction rationale and use of proceedsWaga Energy is experiencing significant growth acceleration  notably in North America  and intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering to fund the equity portion of the capex investments in new projects and the pre-manufacturing and manufacturing of WAGABOX® units to deliver on its international expansion.With the net proceeds of the Offering  together with additional non-dilutive sources of financing  including corporate debt  the Company expects to finance the capex investments required to reach its 2026 revenue objective of €200 million[1].Summary of the OfferingWaga Energy intends to raise gross proceeds amounting to a minimum of €45 million from the Offering of which €18.3 million have already been committed through the Subscription Commitments.The accelerated book-building will start immediately and is expected to end before the opening of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (“Euronext Paris”) on March 21  2024  subject to any early closing.The offering price per new share will be determined by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company  under and within the scope of the delegations of authority granted by the Company’s Board of Directors on 8 March 2024[2].The Company will announce the results of the Offering  including the offering price as well as the final number of shares issued and the dilution resulting from the Offering  in a subsequent press release.The Offering will be carried out through a share capital increase without shareholders’ preferential subscription rights pursuant to Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code  reserved to categories of investors defined under the 24th resolution of the EGM (i.e. (i) natural or legal persons  including companies  trusts  investment funds or other investment vehicles  regardless of their form  governed by French or foreign law  who habitually invest in growth and/or cleantech companies; and/or  (ii) companies  institutions  groups or entities  regardless of their form  French or foreign  exercising a significant part of their activity in the green and/or renewable energies sectors and which may conclude an industrial and/or commercial partnership agreement with the Company) and within the limits set forth in the 25th resolution of the EGM.The Offering will consist of (i) an offering in Europe (including in France) of ordinary shares exclusively to qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended  and (ii) a private placement (x) outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) and (y) in the United States to a limited number of qualified institutional buyers as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act  pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act.Settlement and delivery of the new shares to be issued in the Offering and their admission to trading on Euronext Paris are expected to occur on March 25  2024. The new shares to be issued in the Offering will be of the same category and fully fungible with the existing shares of the Company  entitled to the same rights associated with the existing shares of the Company  and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris under the same ISIN FR0012532810.Subscription CommitmentsThe Company has received the following irrevocable subscription commitments  totaling €18.3 million:€2.0 million from ALIAD€10.0 million from Noria Invest SRL€1.5 million from Starquest Impact & Performance€1.0 million from VOL-V€2.0 million from CMA-CGM€0.8 million from Tertium Croissance€1.0 million from EnoweThe Subscription Commitments will be allocated in accordance with the usual allocation principles  while also taking into account the Company’s objective to increase the free float in view of improving the liquidity of the shares.AdvisorsLazard is acting as Financial Advisor.Bryan  Garnier & Co is acting as Equity Advisor  Sole Global Coordinator and Joint Bookrunner.Portzamparc BNP Paribas  Natixis-Oddo and Gilbert Dupont and are acting as Joint Bookrunners.Jones Day is acting as Legal Advisor to the Company.Gide Loyrette Nouel is acting as Legal Advisor to the Joint Bookrunners.Lock-up undertakingsThe Company has agreed on a lock-up period expiring 90 calendar days following the settlement date of the new shares  subject to certain customary exceptions.Mathieu Lefebvre  Guénaël Prince and Nicolas Paget  co-founders  have agreed on a lock-up period expiring 90 calendar days following the settlement date of the new shares  subject to certain customary exceptions.Investors who entered into the Subscription Commitments (ALIAD  Noria  Starquest  VOL-V  CMA-CGM  Tertium Croissance and Enowe) have agreed on a lock-up period expiring 90 calendar days following the settlement date of the new shares  on all the shares held after the Offering  subject to certain customary exceptions.PlacementA placement agreement was entered into between the Company and the Joint Bookrunners and will be completed by a pricing supplement upon pricing. The Offering is not subject to a guarantee. Such agreement does not constitute a firm undertaking (garantie de bonne fin) within the meaning of article L. 225-145 of the French Commercial Code.No ProspectusThe Offering is not subject to a prospectus requiring an approval by the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) (the ""AMF"").Risk factorsThe investors’ attention is drawn to the risk factors associated with the Company and its business presented in (i) Section 3 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on June 16  2023 under number R.23-029  and (ii) Section 7 of the half-year financial report for the six-month period ending on June 30  2023  which are available free of charge on the Company’s website (www.waga-energy.com). The occurrence of all or part of these risks could have a negative impact on the Company’s business  financial position  results  development and outlook.Additionally  investors are invited to consider the following risks specific to this Offering: Dilution: existing shareholders who did not participate to the Offering will have their holding in the Company's share capital diluted upon issuance of the shares in the Offering. In the event of a new offering on the market  this would result in additional dilution for the shareholders; Volatility and liquidity: the market price and liquidity of the Company's shares may fluctuate significantly and the market price may fall below the subscription price of the new shares; and Impact on the stock market price: the sale by the main shareholders of the Company of a large number of the Company’s shares  at the expiry of the lock-up  as the case may be  may have a negative impact on the share price of the Company.PRESS CONTACT:Laurent Barbotin+33 772 771 185laurent.barbotin@waga-energy.comAbout Waga EnergyWaga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas – RNG – (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas distribution networks that supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for fossil natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it produces or by offering a purification service. Waga Energy operates 22 units in France  Spain  Canada and the US  representing an installed capacity of 730 GWh per year (3 000 000 MMBtu). Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy is listed on Euronext Paris.DisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”). Any decision to purchase shares must be made solely on the basis of publicly available information on the Company.In France  the offer of Waga Energy shares described below will be made in the context of a capital increase reserved to categories of beneficiaries  pursuant to article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code and applicable regulatory provisions.Pursuant to article 211-3 of the General regulations of the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) (the ""AMF"") and articles 1(4) and 3 of the Prospectus Regulation  the offer of Waga Energy shares will not require the publication of a prospectus approved by the AMF.With respect to Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been taken or will be taken to permit a public offering of the securities referred to in this press release requiring the publication of a prospectus in any Member State. Therefore  such securities may not be and shall not be offered in any Member State other than in accordance with the exemptions of Article 1(4) of Prospectus Regulation or  otherwise  in cases not requiring the publication of a prospectus under Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or the applicable regulations in such Member State.This press release and the information it contains are being distributed to and are only intended for persons who are (x) outside the United Kingdom or (y) in the United Kingdom and are (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (ii) high net worth entities and other such persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (“high net worth companies”  “unincorporated associations”  etc.) or (iii) other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to participate in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Market Act 2000) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons in (y)(i)  (y)(ii) and (y)(iii) together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire securities to which this press release relates will only be engaged with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this press release or any of its contents.This press release may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States. This press release and the information contained therein does not  and will not  constitute an offer of securities for sale  nor the solicitation of an offer to purchase  securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction where restrictions may apply. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). The securities of Waga Energy have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  and Waga Energy does not intend to conduct a public offering in the United States.MIFID II Product Governance/Target Market: solely for the purposes of the requirements of article 9.8 of the EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 relating to the product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the shares of Waga Energy has led to the conclusion in relation to the type of clients criteria only that: (i) the type of clients to whom the shares are targeted is eligible counterparties and professional clients and retail clients  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the shares of Waga Energy to eligible counterparties and professional clients and retail clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the shares of Waga Energy (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the type of clients assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the shares of Waga Energy and determining appropriate distribution channels.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Any person who comes into possession of this press release must inform him or herself of and comply with any such restrictions.Any decision to subscribe for or purchase the shares or other securities of Waga Energy must be made solely based on information publicly available about Waga Energy. Such information is not the responsibility of the Joint Bookrunners and has not been independently verified by the Joint Bookrunners.Forward-Looking StatementsCertain information contained in this press release are forward-looking statements  not historical data. These forward-looking statements are based on current opinions  forecasts and assumptions  including  but not limited to  assumptions relating to the current and future strategy of the group  as well as the environment in which the group operates. They involve known or unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which could cause actual results  performance or achievements  or industry results or other events  to differ significantly from those described or suggested by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those appearing in Section 3 “Risk factors” in Waga Energy's universal registration document filed with the French Financial Market Authority on 16 June 2023 under number R.23-0029 and in Section 7 of its half-year financial report for the six-month period ending on June 30  2023.These forward-looking statements are given only as of the date of this press release  and the group expressly disclaims any obligation or commitment to publish any updates or corrections to the forward-looking statements included in this press release in order to reflect any change affecting forecasts or events  conditions or circumstances upon which these forward-looking statements are based. Forward-looking information and statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the group. Actual results could differ significantly from those described  suggested or projected by forward-looking information and statements.",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.01,positive,0.86,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['Waga Energy', 'bookbuild offering', 'minimum amount', 'launch', 'renewable natural gas production', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'renewable energies sectors', 'Air Liquide Investissements', 'additional non-dilutive sources', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'subsequent press release', 'commercial partnership agreement', 'other investment vehicles', 'French Commercial Code', 'preferential subscription rights', 'minimum aggregate amount', 'significant growth acceleration', 'accelerated bookbuild offering', 'share capital increase', 'Waga Energy CEO', 'landfill gas', 'same rights', 'minimum amount', 'new share', 'investment funds', 'significant part', 'Regulation S', 'subscription commitments', 'Tertium Croissance', 'historical shareholders', 'international expansion', 'global expert', 'Démonstration', 'Mathieu Lefebvre', 'favorable market', 'United States', 'first facility', 'strategic market', 'several RFPs', 'recent months', 'financial shareholders', 'North America', 'equity portion', 'corporate debt', '2026 revenue objective', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'early closing', 'final number', '24th resolution', 'legal persons', 'foreign law', '25th resolution', 'private placement', 'limited number', 'institutional buyers', 'Rule 144A', 'same category', 'ordinary shares', 'existing shares', 'net proceeds', 'gross proceeds', 'Article L.', 'capex investments', 'specific categories', 'historical industrial', 'Transaction rationale', 'WAGABOX® units', 'new projects', 'cleantech companies', 'offering price', 'The Company', '20 units', '160 projects', 'launch', 'ALIAD', 'Noria', 'Starquest', 'VOL-V', 'CMA-CGM', 'Enowe', 'EPA', 'RNG', 'investors', 'accordance', 'Avenir', 'IPO', 'roadmap', 'deployment', 'operation', 'construction', 'pipeline', 'Half', 'financing', 'opportunities', 'support', 'use', 'manufacturing', 'Summary', 'book-building', 'opening', 'March', 'scope', 'delegations', 'authority', 'Board', 'Directors', 'results', 'dilution', 'EGM', 'trusts', 'form', 'institutions', 'groups', 'entities', 'activity', 'green', 'limits', 'Europe', 'France', 'meaning', 'reliance', 'qualified', 'exemption', 'registration', 'Settlement', 'delivery', 'admission']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHAXIAM-THERAPEUTICS-S-A-159356796/news/PHAXIAM-Announces-2023-Full-Year-Results-and-Provides-Business-Update-46244428/,PHAXIAM Announces 2023 Full-Year Results and Provides Business Update,(marketscreener.com) Conference call and webcast on Thursday  March 21  2024 at 9:30am ET / 2:30pm CET Ongoing clinical efforts boding well to create a global phage-therapy leader in high-value indications First clinical results of the Phase 1 study in Endoca…,Conference call and webcast (English) on Thursday  March 21  2024at 9:30am ET / 2:30pm CETOngoing clinical efforts boding well to create a global phage-therapy leader in high-value indications First clinical results of the Phase 1 study in Endocarditis Infections expected in the second half of 2024 Plan to launch the 1 st global Phase 2 Proof-Of-Concept study in Prosthetic Joint Infections (PJI) in early 2025  leveraging on PhagoDAIR studyCompassionate access program continues to gain momentum with the treatment of around 100 patients suffering from Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas aeruginosa infectionsCash and cash equivalents of €10.5 million ($11.6 million) as of December 31  2023Lyon (France) and Cambridge (MA  US)  March 20  2024  at 6 pm CET – PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Euronext: PHXM; FR0011471135)  a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for severe and resistant bacterial infections  today provides a business and financial update for the fiscal year 2023.“2023 was a pivotal year for our development  shaped by the creation of PHAXIAM as a pure player in a very promising field of phage therapy.” stated Thibaut du Fayet  Chief Executive Officer of PHAXIAM Therapeutics. “In this rapidly evolving therapeutic space  driven by the growing challenges of antimicrobial resistance  our strategic focus is on the most resistant bacterial infections  and primarily those related to Staphylococcus aureus. We are therefore pleased to be in close discussions with potential pharma partners and global health authorities  which both confirm the relevance of our strategy. More specifically  the recent feedback received from the FDA and the EMA provide us with clear guidelines for the design of our next global Phase 2 study in Prosthetic Joint Infections. Furthermore  we are about to start the evaluation of our anti-Staphylococcus aureus phages in the endocarditis infections in France. Together  with the growing body of clinical data from the Compassionate and Early-Access treatments  we hope that we can successfully execute our clinical plan with anti-Staphylococcus aureus phages. The field is clearly moving fast forward  as shown by recent global deals  and we are well positioned to become a leading phage-therapy player able to address the most critical indications for which there is currently no relevant solution  particularly for Prosthetic Joint Infections  for which we are frontrunners.”MARKET HIGHLIGHTSPhage therapy sector in a spotlight with recent M&A and refinancing dealsOn March 6  2024  BiomX  a clinical-stage phage-therapy company  announced the acquisition of Adaptive Phage Therapeutics (APT)  concurrently with a private placement financing of $50 million  involving several top-tier institutional investors (Deerfield  Orbimed). In the meantime  Armata Pharmaceuticals announced a $35 million refinancing deal.These important transactions demonstrate the growing attractiveness of phage therapy  where PHAXIAM has a prominent role with its unique and leading positioning in Prosthetic Joint Infections (PJI)  as the most advanced Phage therapy player in Europe.BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTSa) Confirmed strategic focus on Phage Therapy in high-value indications with a strong competitive positionPHAXIAM has been refocusing its clinical development programs in indications of high medical needs  mainly for patients with severe and resistant Staphylococcus aureus (S. Aureus) infections  often associated with high mortality and budget impact.This is particularly the case for PJI  where PHAXIAM has a reinforced strategic and leading position. With the signs of clinical activity  we are observing in our compassionate and early-access (AAC  Autorisation d’Accès Compassionnel – the French early access program) patients  and a best-suited approach of local administration of phages allowed in this indication  we strongly believe that PJI is the best option to bring phages as soon as possible as a first indication toward proof-of-concept and registration.Beyond PJI  as lead indication  PHAXIAM has launched another strategic clinical study (Phase I PK) in Endocarditis infections  reinforcing its ambition to be a leader in innovative therapies to those patients who failed traditional antimicrobial treatments.b) Significant progress in Clinical and Regulatory strategy for the S. aureus programProsthetic Joint Infections (PJI): set for the first global Phase 2 study potentially enabling an Early Access Pathway in EuropeLeveraging on promising activity signals from real-life compassionate treatments and valuable insights from the current PhagoDAIR pilot study  PHAXIAM is preparing the initiation of the 1 st global (EU/US) Phase 2 study for PJI patients (Hip or Knee prosthesis) having an open-surgery debridement (DAIR) in combination with antibiotics.PHAXIAM has received positive and consistent feedback from both the FDA (Pre-IND meeting) and the EMA (Scientific Advice) with a view to launching this large-scale study  including the following key points and recommendations:Confirmation of the value of a clinical development in this indication; Confirmation that PHAXIAM’s non-clinical data and CMC capabilities support a formal clinical development plan in Europe and in the United States; Confirmation of the target population and the Standard of Care to be considered; the exclusion/inclusion criteria allow to target a population approximately 6 times larger compared to the current PhagoDAIR study; Clear and consistent guidelines and expectations in terms of CMC and clinical endpoints.PHAXIAM considers (1) accelerating the transitioning of PJI clinical development effort into the new and more ambitious global Phase 2 proof-of-concept study  (2) providing PhagoDAIR pilot study clinical data at the end of 2024.The Phase 2 proof-of-concept study is intended to be a multicentric  randomized  double-blind trial and is expected to include 100 patients in Europe and the US. PHAXIAM intends to file a Clinical Trial Application (CTA) with the EMA and the FDA in mid-2024 in view of starting patient enrollment in early 2025.Upon a successful completion of this clinical study (2H 2026)  PHAXIAM may potentially open an Early Access Pathway for the registration of a first phage therapy treatment for PJI in Europe.Endocarditis Infections (EI): initiate a 2 nd clinical study in an indication targeting vital cardiac valves infectionsPHAXIAM has obtained approvals from the French ANSM and South-East II-Lyon Ethics Committee to launch a phase 1 study (PK data) in Endocarditis Infections caused by S. aureus  to evaluate the safety of intravenous administration (IV) of its anti-S. aureus phages.The study  conducted in 5 French hospitals  is about to start and should enroll 12 patients requiring replacement of an infected heart valve.First clinical results are expected in H2 2024. If positive  these results could allow PHAXIAM to (1) accelerate a clinical development in this indication and to (2) use the IV administration for other indications requiring this administration route  such as bacteriemia.c) Robust real-life activity data obtained from compassionate treatmentsIn June 2022  the ANSM granted PHAXIAM an AAC (Autorisation d’Accès Compassionnel) and  to date  approximately 100 patients have already been treated under this regulatory status for different indications  with a majority in PJI indication.Data from the first 77 patients evaluated so far show promising results with infection control at 3 months (clinical endpoint)  reaching approximately 80%  considered as a significant improvement over standard of care (SoC) in this hard-to-treat patient population with severe resistant infections  often undergoing 2nd or 3rd line SoC antibiotic treatment.PHAXIAM has applied for a second AAC regulatory validation  for PJI patients associated with P. aeruginosa resistance. This AAC is currently being evaluated by the ANSM for a potential final validation in 2024.d) Partnering optionsAs part of its strategic development strategy  PHAXIAM is entertaining partnership discussions with pharmaceutical companies  to investigate relevant collaboration options.e) Complementary Investigator-sponsored trialsIn addition to PHAXIAM’s clinical activities  two French university hospitals are preparing for Investigator-Sponsored Trials (IST) with PHAXIAM’s phages. These studies are the opportunity for PHAXIAM to potentially bring additional clinical POC data in other high-value indications:Phase 2 IST in Diabetic Foot Ulcer (DFU): this clinical study by Nîmes Hospitals  is targeting DFU infections due to mono-bacterial S. aureus infection.Phase 2 IST in complex Respiratory Tract Infections (VAP): this clinical study by La Pitié Salpêtrière Hospital in Paris  is targeting nosocomial pulmonary infections due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa  including patients with ventilation-associated pneumopathies (VAP)  a growing concern in hospital environments.Investigator-initiated studies are funded by hospital’s clinical research programs and their execution and schedule are entirely under the responsibility of the sponsoring centers.FY 2023 FINANCIAL RESULTSKey financial figures for the twelve months of 2023 compared with the same period of the previous year are summarized below. In the context of the Erytech-Pherecydes merger  PHAXIAM’s consolidated financial statements in IFRS standards include ex-Pherecydes financial results as from the date of the merger  i.e. June 23  2023.Consequently  PHAXIAM’s P&L information for the full-year 2023 include 12 months of ex-Erytech activities and 6 months of ex-Pherecydes activities.In thousands of euros FY202312 monthsFY202212 monthsRevenues — — Net income from asset sale 24 351 Other income 1 326 6 647 Operating income 1 326 30 998 Research and development (10 910) (19 907) General and administrative (14 076) (13 887) Operating expenses (24 986) (33 793) Operating income (loss) (23 660) (2 796) Financial income 474 4 453 Financial expenses (511) (1 364) Financial income (loss) 37 3 089 Income tax 208 (521) Net loss (23 488) (227)Operating expenses of €25.0 million in the full-year 2023 were €8.8 million lower (-26%) than in the previous year.The decrease was driven by the reduction of ex-Erytech R&D expenses  mostly related to the closing of Princeton operations and the termination of clinical development activities  while new ex-Pherecydes development activities were integrated in the P&L as of 2H 2023. Overall  R&D expenses were reduced by €9.0 million (-45%) year-over-year. PHAXIAM’s G&A expenses in the full-year 2023 were stable year-over-year (+€0.2 million  i.e. +1%)  including one-off expenses related to the merger and integration activities.Net loss for the full-year 2023 was €23.5 million  compared with a net loss of €0.2 million for the same period of 2022  which benefited from the €24.4 million net gain on the sale of the Princeton facility in April 2022.As of December 31  2023  PHAXIAM had cash and cash equivalents totaling €10.5 million (approximately $11.6 million)  compared with €38.8 million as of December 31  2022. The €28.3 million decrease in cash position during the twelve months of 2023 was the result of a €24.3 million net cash utilization in operating activities and investing activities and €3.7 million used in financing activities  mostly related to the reimbursement of the ‘PGE’ Covid-loan  while the variation of the U.S. dollar against the euro led to a €0.3 million negative currency exchange impact.The current cash position can fund PHAXIAM’s programs and planned operating expenses into September 2024.EFFECTIVENESS OF VOLUNTARY DELISTING OF AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES FROM NASDAQ STOCK MARKETOn March 11  2024  PHAXIAM announced that the Company’s voluntary delisting of American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) representing its ordinary shares from The Nasdaq Capital Market had become effective. This delisting significantly reduces PHAXIAM’s cash utilization and enables the Company to focus its financial resources on key development and value milestones.The Company remains listed on Euronext Paris as its primary trading market and intends to continue its disclosures in compliance with applicable French financial market regulations.KEY NEWSFLOW AND MILESTONES EXPECTED OVER THE NEXT 12 MONTHSFirst Patient-In for Phase 1 study in EI (2Q 2024)CTA filing for the global Phase 2 study in PJI (3Q 2024)Global Phase 2 study in PJI Approval (4Q 2024)PhagoDAIR pilot study in PJI clinical data (end 2024)Preliminary PK data from the Phase 1 study in EI (2H 2024)Launch of the global Phase 2 study in PJI (early 1Q 2025)FY 2023 CONFERENCE CALL DETAILSPHAXIAM management will hold a conference call and webcast on Thursday  March 21  2024  at 9:30am ET / 2:30pm CET on the 2023 Full-Year results and Business Update. Thibaut du Fayet  CEO  Eric Soyer  COO/CFO and Pascal Birman  CMO  will deliver a brief presentation in English  followed by a Q&A session.The audio call is accessible via the below registering link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BIc5665a54501d4da0860376430792d4f5Once registered  participants will receive a unique access code and the call number details to join the teleconference.The webcast can be followed live online via the link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/3wxbu7c7In addition  the replay of the webcast will be available for a period of one year on this same link.FINANCIAL CALENDARUpdate on business and key financial data for Q1 2024: May 15  2024 (after market close)Annual General Meeting on June 28  2024***About PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comContactsPHAXIAMEric SoyerCOO & CFO+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@phaxiam.comNewCapMathilde Bohin / Dušan OrešanskýInvestor RelationsArthur RouilléMedia Relations+33 1 44 71 94 94phaxiam@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical programs  development plans  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of PHAXIAM and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond PHAXIAM's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) the inability to maintain the listing of PHAXIAM’s shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Euronext regulated market; (2) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (3) the possibility that PHAXIAM may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; and (4) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in PHAXIAM’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on March 28  2023 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28  2023 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. PHAXIAM disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in PHAXIAM’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.67,0.26,0.07,True,English,"['2023 Full-Year Results', 'Business Update', 'PHAXIAM', 'several top-tier institutional investors', 'French early access program', 'current PhagoDAIR pilot study', 'next global Phase 2 study', 'advanced Phage therapy player', 'first global Phase 2 study', 'Early Access Pathway', 'Phase I PK', 'global health authorities', 'EU/US) Phase 2 study', 'S. aureus program', 'Thibaut du Fayet', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'evolving therapeutic space', 'potential pharma partners', 'private placement financing', 'Accès Compassionnel', 'following key points', '1 st global Phase 2', 'Prosthetic Joint Infections', 'Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'Compassionate access program', 'recent M&A', 'clinical-stage phage-therapy company', '$35 million refinancing deal', 'strong competitive position', 'high medical needs', 'S. Aureus) infections', 'Ongoing clinical efforts', 'First clinical results', 'leading phage-therapy player', 'recent global deals', 'Phage therapy sector', 'global phage-therapy leader', 'resistant Staphylococcus aureus', 'Adaptive Phage Therapeutics', 'traditional antimicrobial treatments', 'promising activity signals', 'anti-Staphylococcus aureus phages', 'real-life compassionate treatments', 'clinical development programs', 'strategic clinical study', 'Phase 1 study', 'PhagoDAIR study', 'pure player', 'refinancing deals', 'large-scale study', 'clinical activity', 'leading position', 'Endocarditis Infections', 'first indication', 'recent feedback', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'innovative treatments', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'high mortality', 'Concept study', 'clinical data', 'Conference call', '2:30pm CET', 'second half', 'financial update', 'fiscal year', 'pivotal year', 'promising field', 'growing challenges', 'strategic focus', 'close discussions', 'clear guidelines', 'growing body', 'Early-Access treatments', 'relevant solution', 'MARKET HIGHLIGHTS', 'Armata Pharmaceuticals', 'important transactions', 'growing attractiveness', 'prominent role', 'budget impact', 'local administration', 'best option', 'innovative therapies', 'Significant progress', 'valuable insights', 'Knee prosthesis', 'open-surgery debridement', 'consistent feedback', 'Pre-IND meeting', 'Scientific Advice', 'clinical plan', 'high-value indications', 'critical indications', 'lead indication', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'cash equivalents', 'BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS', 'Regulatory strategy', 'PJI patients', '2024 Plan', '100 patients', 'webcast', 'Thursday', 'March', '9:30am', 'momentum', 'December', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Euronext', 'PHXM', 'severe', 'creation', 'relevance', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'design', 'evaluation', 'frontrunners', 'spotlight', 'BiomX', 'acquisition', 'Deerfield', 'Orbimed', 'meantime', 'unique', 'Europe', 'case', 'signs', 'AAC', 'Autorisation', 'suited', 'approach', 'proof', 'registration', 'ambition', 'initiation', 'Hip', 'combination', 'antibiotics', 'positive', 'view', 'recommendations', 'Confirmati', '6']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849098/0/en/Virtualware-partners-with-302-Interactive-Virtual-to-expand-VIROO-s-presence-in-the-US.html,Virtualware partners with 302 Interactive Virtual to expand VIROO’s presence in the US,Bilbao  Spain  March 20  2024.- Virtualware (EPA: MLVIR)  the European leader in virtual reality has signed a partnership agreement with the Orlando-based development studio 302 Interactive to boost VIROO's presence in the US.,"Bilbao  Spain  March 20  2024.- Virtualware (EPA: MLVIR)  the European leader in virtual reality has signed a partnership agreement with the Orlando-based development studio 302 Interactive to boost VIROO's presence in the US.302 Interactive founded in 2014  by Kyle Morrand  has undertaken several impactful projects  including developing a VR physical therapy program for children and creating accessibility solutions for individuals with low vision. The company's projects range from educational AR products to immersive driver training systems for the U.S. Marine Corps  showcasing its versatility and commitment to making a positive difference in people's lives.This agreement signifies a new step forward in their mission to leverage immersive technologies for solving real-world problems. By combining 302 Interactive's expertise in augmented reality  virtual reality  and game design with the VIROO all-in-one Enterprise VR platform  they aim to revolutionize the digital user experience landscape in the US market.The Digital User Experience Lab has formally become a part of VIROO's partner program  increasing the total membership to nearly 20 companies. In addition  302 Interactive will unveil the first VIROO room in Orlando. This VR space will allow users to experience full interaction in the same VR environment with multiple users at the same time.""VIROO offers a turn-key solution for enterprises to deploy high-fidelity room-scale VR."" In Kyle's opinion  ""The applications for VIROO are wide-ranging  from training  simulations  to location-based entertainment. The platform is flexible and scalable.""302 Interactive  specializes in using augmented reality  virtual reality  and other technologies to address real-world challenges across various industries  applying game design principles to tackle issues in healthcare  education  and entertainment  among others.""Establishing a direct presence and implementing targeted initiatives in the US market is critical to achieving our growth objectives. It is our target market in 2024 for our expansion and this agreement will accelerate our market penetration strategy” says John Cunningham  Virtualware US president.Headquartered in Bilbao  Spain  Virtualware is a global pioneer in developing virtual reality solutions for major industrial  educational  and healthcare conglomerates. Since its founding in 2004  the company has garnered widespread recognition for its accomplishments. In 2021  Virtualware was acknowledged as the world’s most Innovative VR Company and since April 2023 the company has been listed on the Euronext Access Paris stock exchange (Ticker: MLVIR).Virtualware’s flagship product  VIROO  is redefining the realm of enterprise VR  driving its adoption forward  leveraging innovative and sustainable strategies. Recognized for its pioneering approach in the immersive technology sector  VIROO is rapidly becoming the global benchmark for the development and deployment of multi-user VR applications in industry and education.The VR as a service platform is already used by over 40 companies and institutions worldwide including GE Vernova  Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  Invest WindsorEssex  McMaster University  University of El Salvador  Conalep and EAN University.Safe HarborThis document is only provided for information purposes and does not constitute  nor should it be interpreted as  an offer to sell or exchange or acquire  or an invitation for offers to buy securities issued by any of the aforementioned companies. Any decision to buy or invest in securities in relation to a specific issue must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information set out in the pertinent prospectus filed by the company in relation to such specific issue. No one who becomes aware of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  because it is subject to changes and modifications.This document contains or may contain forward looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or projections of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (“Virtualware” or the “Company”) or of its management on the date thereof  that refer to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections about the future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but the actual results may be substantially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause the results or final decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) the market situation  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or government guidelines  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) alterations in the financial situation  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparts. These factors could cause or result in actual events differing from the information and intentions stated  projected or forecast in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either if the events are not as described herein  or if such events lead to changes in the information contained in this document. This disclaimer needs to be taken into account by those persons which may take a decision over the base of this document or to elaborate or disseminate opinions based hereof. This document may contain summarised information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and it cannot be revealed or disclosed to third parties different from the original recipients  even partially  without Virtualware’s prior consent.",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Virtualware partners', '302 Interactive Virtual', 'VIROO', 'presence', 'US', 'The Digital User Experience Lab', 'Euronext Access Paris stock exchange', 'digital user experience landscape', 'U.S. Marine Corps', 'international stock market movements', 'VR physical therapy program', 'immersive driver training systems', 'one Enterprise VR platform', 'educational AR products', 'immersive technology sector', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'high-fidelity room-scale VR', 'market penetration strategy', 'same VR environment', 'Orlando-based development studio', 'several impactful projects', 'game design principles', 'multi-user VR applications', 'first VIROO room', 'virtual reality solutions', 'Virtualware US president', 'Innovative VR Company', 'exchange rates', 'immersive technologies', 'partner program', 'S.A.', 'VR space', 'accessibility solutions', 'US market', 'same time', 'target market', 'market situation', 'service platform', 'augmented reality', 'European leader', 'low vision', 'positive difference', 'new step', 'real-world problems', 'total membership', 'full interaction', 'turn-key solution', 'other technologies', 'real-world challenges', 'various industries', 'targeted initiatives', 'growth objectives', 'John Cunningham', 'global pioneer', 'widespread recognition', 'flagship product', 'sustainable strategies', 'pioneering approach', 'global benchmark', 'GE Vernova', 'Spanish Ministry', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'El Salvador', 'Safe Harbor', 'specific issue', 'pertinent prospectus', 'various assumptions', 'various risks', 'final decisions', 'government guidelines', 'interest rates', 'competitive pressures', 'financial situation', 'actual events', 'McMaster University', 'EAN University', 'Kyle Morrand', 'multiple users', 'location-based entertainment', 'direct presence', 'healthcare conglomerates', 'future earnings', 'actual results', 'other factors', 'macroeconomic factors', 'technological changes', 'partnership agreement', 'information purposes', 'current projections', 'Bilbao', 'Spain', 'EPA', 'MLVIR', '302 Interactive', 'children', 'individuals', 'versatility', 'commitment', 'people', 'lives', 'mission', 'expertise', '20 companies', 'addition', 'enterprises', 'opinion', 'simulations', 'issues', 'others', 'expansion', 'founding', 'accomplishments', 'April', 'Ticker', 'realm', 'adoption', 'deployment', 'industry', '40 companies', 'institutions', 'Gestamp', 'ADIF', 'Defense', 'Conalep', 'document', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'relation', 'basis', 'report', 'modifications', 'statements', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'management', 'date', 'business', 'estimates', 'limitation', 'regulatory', 'political', 'domestic', 'alterations', 'creditworthiness', 'solvency', 'customers', 'debtors', 'counterparts']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/20/scotiabank-increases-public-storage-nysepsa-price-target-to-270-00/,Scotiabank Increases Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Price Target to $270.00,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) had its target price lifted by equities research analysts at Scotiabank from $267.00 to $270.00 in a report issued on Monday  Benzinga reports. The brokerage presently has a “sector perform” rating on the real estat…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) had its target price lifted by equities research analysts at Scotiabank from $267.00 to $270.00 in a report issued on Monday  Benzinga reports. The brokerage presently has a “sector perform” rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock. Scotiabank’s price target points to a potential downside of 2.64% from the stock’s current price.Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. The Goldman Sachs Group upped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday  January 11th. Truist Financial upped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday  December 28th. Wells Fargo & Company cut shares of Public Storage from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $270.00 to $280.00 in a report on Tuesday  December 12th. Evercore ISI increased their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a report on Monday  November 27th. Finally  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  January 30th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  five have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $293.33.Get Public Storage alerts:Read Our Latest Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Price PerformancePSA opened at $277.31 on Monday. Public Storage has a fifty-two week low of $233.18 and a fifty-two week high of $316.48. The company has a quick ratio of 0.62  a current ratio of 0.62 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.58. The firm has a market cap of $48.72 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.07  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 3.64 and a beta of 0.54. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $285.58 and its 200 day moving average price is $275.04.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 EPS for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.15 by ($1.94). Public Storage had a return on equity of 35.31% and a net margin of 45.34%. The firm had revenue of $1.16 billion during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. During the same quarter last year  the company posted $4.16 EPS. Public Storage’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. As a group  sell-side analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.91 earnings per share for the current year.Institutional Trading of Public StorageInstitutional investors and hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the business. EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC lifted its stake in Public Storage by 107.3% during the fourth quarter. EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 85 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $26 000 after purchasing an additional 44 shares during the last quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new stake in Public Storage during the first quarter valued at approximately $26 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $30 000. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $29 000. Finally  Private Ocean LLC lifted its stake in Public Storage by 5 450.0% during the fourth quarter. Private Ocean LLC now owns 111 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $34 000 after purchasing an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. 78.75% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.Public Storage Company Profile(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['PSA) Price Target', 'Public Storage', 'Scotiabank', 'NYSE', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', '50-day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'Private Ocean LLC', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'concise daily summary', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'sector perform” rating', 'equal weight” rating', '35% common equity interest', 'Public Storage Daily', 'average price target', 'equities research analysts', 'Other research analysts', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Get Free Report', 'net margin', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'current price', 'price objective', 'research reports', 'target price', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'consensus rating', 'Benzinga reports', 'potential downside', 'Truist Financial', 'Wells Fargo', 'Evercore ISI', 'One analyst', 'MarketBeat.com', 'fifty-two week', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market cap', 'growth ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'Institutional Trading', 'Institutional investors', 'hedge funds', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'related companies', 'Latest Report', 'same quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'first quarter', 'December 28th', 'December 12th', 'year basis', 'current year', 'new stake', 'hold rating', 'earnings ratio', 'earnings results', 'United States', 'latest news', 'additional 44 shares', 'additional 109 shares', '16.91 earnings', '40 states', '85 shares', '111 shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Scotiabank', 'Monday', 'brokerage', 'stock', 'Thursday', 'January', 'Tuesday', 'line', 'November', 'coverage', 'data', 'debt', 'firm', 'beta', 'February', 'return', 'revenue', 'stakes', 'business', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', 'Reading', 'Ratings', '45.']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,etfdailynews.com
37895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849095/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5591 £ 24.6452 Estimated MTD return -0.16 % -0.09 % Estimated YTD return 0.04 % 0.31 % Estimated ITD return 175.59 % 146.45 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.38 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.8496 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.1638The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '4']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRTUALWARE-S-A-153642747/news/Virtualware-partners-with-302-Interactive-Virtual-to-expand-VIROO-s-presence-in-the-US-46237725/,Virtualware partners with 302 Interactive Virtual to expand VIROO's presence in the US,(marketscreener.com) Bilbao  Spain  March 20  2024.- Virtualware   the European leader in virtual reality has signed a partnership agreement with the Orlando-based development studio 302 Interactive to boost VIROO's presence in the US. 302 Interactive founded…,"Bilbao  Spain  March 20  2024.- Virtualware (EPA: MLVIR)  the European leader in virtual reality has signed a partnership agreement with the Orlando-based development studio 302 Interactive to boost VIROO's presence in the US.302 Interactive founded in 2014  by Kyle Morrand  has undertaken several impactful projects  including developing a VR physical therapy program for children and creating accessibility solutions for individuals with low vision. The company's projects range from educational AR products to immersive driver training systems for the U.S. Marine Corps  showcasing its versatility and commitment to making a positive difference in people's lives.This agreement signifies a new step forward in their mission to leverage immersive technologies for solving real-world problems. By combining 302 Interactive's expertise in augmented reality  virtual reality  and game design with the VIROO all-in-one Enterprise VR platform  they aim to revolutionize the digital user experience landscape in the US market.The Digital User Experience Lab has formally become a part of VIROO's partner program  increasing the total membership to nearly 20 companies. In addition  302 Interactive will unveil the first VIROO room in Orlando. This VR space will allow users to experience full interaction in the same VR environment with multiple users at the same time.""VIROO offers a turn-key solution for enterprises to deploy high-fidelity room-scale VR."" In Kyle's opinion  ""The applications for VIROO are wide-ranging  from training  simulations  to location-based entertainment. The platform is flexible and scalable.""302 Interactive  specializes in using augmented reality  virtual reality  and other technologies to address real-world challenges across various industries  applying game design principles to tackle issues in healthcare  education  and entertainment  among others.""Establishing a direct presence and implementing targeted initiatives in the US market is critical to achieving our growth objectives. It is our target market in 2024 for our expansion and this agreement will accelerate our market penetration strategy” says John Cunningham  Virtualware US president.Headquartered in Bilbao  Spain  Virtualware is a global pioneer in developing virtual reality solutions for major industrial  educational  and healthcare conglomerates. Since its founding in 2004  the company has garnered widespread recognition for its accomplishments. In 2021  Virtualware was acknowledged as the world’s most Innovative VR Company and since April 2023 the company has been listed on the Euronext Access Paris stock exchange (Ticker: MLVIR).Virtualware’s flagship product  VIROO  is redefining the realm of enterprise VR  driving its adoption forward  leveraging innovative and sustainable strategies. Recognized for its pioneering approach in the immersive technology sector  VIROO is rapidly becoming the global benchmark for the development and deployment of multi-user VR applications in industry and education.The VR as a service platform is already used by over 40 companies and institutions worldwide including GE Vernova  Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  Invest WindsorEssex  McMaster University  University of El Salvador  Conalep and EAN University.Safe HarborThis document is only provided for information purposes and does not constitute  nor should it be interpreted as  an offer to sell or exchange or acquire  or an invitation for offers to buy securities issued by any of the aforementioned companies. Any decision to buy or invest in securities in relation to a specific issue must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information set out in the pertinent prospectus filed by the company in relation to such specific issue. No one who becomes aware of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  because it is subject to changes and modifications.This document contains or may contain forward looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or projections of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (“Virtualware” or the “Company”) or of its management on the date thereof  that refer to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections about the future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but the actual results may be substantially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause the results or final decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) the market situation  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or government guidelines  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) alterations in the financial situation  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparts. These factors could cause or result in actual events differing from the information and intentions stated  projected or forecast in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either if the events are not as described herein  or if such events lead to changes in the information contained in this document. This disclaimer needs to be taken into account by those persons which may take a decision over the base of this document or to elaborate or disseminate opinions based hereof. This document may contain summarised information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and it cannot be revealed or disclosed to third parties different from the original recipients  even partially  without Virtualware’s prior consent.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Virtualware partners', '302 Interactive Virtual', 'VIROO', 'presence', 'US', 'The Digital User Experience Lab', 'Euronext Access Paris stock exchange', 'digital user experience landscape', 'U.S. Marine Corps', 'international stock market movements', 'VR physical therapy program', 'immersive driver training systems', 'one Enterprise VR platform', 'educational AR products', 'immersive technology sector', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'high-fidelity room-scale VR', 'market penetration strategy', 'same VR environment', 'Orlando-based development studio', 'several impactful projects', 'game design principles', 'multi-user VR applications', 'first VIROO room', 'virtual reality solutions', 'Virtualware US president', 'Innovative VR Company', 'exchange rates', 'immersive technologies', 'partner program', 'S.A.', 'VR space', 'accessibility solutions', 'US market', 'same time', 'target market', 'market situation', 'service platform', 'augmented reality', 'European leader', 'low vision', 'positive difference', 'new step', 'real-world problems', 'total membership', 'full interaction', 'turn-key solution', 'other technologies', 'real-world challenges', 'various industries', 'targeted initiatives', 'growth objectives', 'John Cunningham', 'global pioneer', 'widespread recognition', 'flagship product', 'sustainable strategies', 'pioneering approach', 'global benchmark', 'GE Vernova', 'Spanish Ministry', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'El Salvador', 'Safe Harbor', 'specific issue', 'pertinent prospectus', 'various assumptions', 'various risks', 'final decisions', 'government guidelines', 'interest rates', 'competitive pressures', 'financial situation', 'actual events', 'McMaster University', 'EAN University', 'Kyle Morrand', 'multiple users', 'location-based entertainment', 'direct presence', 'healthcare conglomerates', 'future earnings', 'actual results', 'other factors', 'macroeconomic factors', 'technological changes', 'partnership agreement', 'information purposes', 'current projections', 'Bilbao', 'Spain', 'EPA', 'MLVIR', '302 Interactive', 'children', 'individuals', 'versatility', 'commitment', 'people', 'lives', 'mission', 'expertise', '20 companies', 'addition', 'enterprises', 'opinion', 'simulations', 'issues', 'others', 'expansion', 'founding', 'accomplishments', 'April', 'Ticker', 'realm', 'adoption', 'deployment', 'industry', '40 companies', 'institutions', 'Gestamp', 'ADIF', 'Defense', 'Conalep', 'document', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'relation', 'basis', 'report', 'modifications', 'statements', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'management', 'date', 'business', 'estimates', 'limitation', 'regulatory', 'political', 'domestic', 'alterations', 'creditworthiness', 'solvency', 'customers', 'debtors', 'counterparts']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46237685/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -March 20  2024 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5591 £ 24.6452 Estimated MTD return -0.16 % -0.09 % Estimated YTD return 0.04 % 0.31 % Estimated ITD return 175.59 % 146.45 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.38 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.8496 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.1638The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'March', '02', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '4']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BUREAU-VERITAS-SA-64670/news/Bureau-Veritas-accelerates-M-A-and-strengthens-its-position-in-the-Electrical-and-Electronics-consum-46237757/,Bureau Veritas accelerates M&A and strengthens its position in the Electrical and Electronics consumer products testing in South and North-East Asia,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – March 20  2024 Bureau Veritas accelerates M&A and strengthens its position in the Electrical and Electronics consumer products testing in South and North-East Asia Signature of definitive agreemen…,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – March 20  2024Bureau Veritas accelerates M&A and strengthens its position in the Electrical and Electronics consumer products testing in South and North-East AsiaSignature of definitive agreements to acquire two companies in Korea: “ONETECH CORP.” and “KOSTEC Co.  Ltd” and of “Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt. Ltd” in India.Bureau Veritas  a global leader in the Testing  Inspection and Certification (TIC) industry  has signed definitive agreements to acquire three players to diversify its position in testing and certification services for the Electrical and Electronics consumer products segment in South and North-East Asia  for a combined revenue of c.€20 million in 2023.“ONETECH CORP.” and “KOSTEC Co.  Ltd”  provide services to a wide portfolio of domestic clients in Korea  including large manufacturers  exporters  and brands for electrical and electronic products  household appliances  and new mobility products. These companies employ around 200 people across their various laboratories.“Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt.” is an electrical and electronics products testing and certification services laboratory in India  covering a large range of products including electrical and electronic products  household appliances and solar equipment. The Company has a diverse portfolio of services from testing  calibration  photometry and certification with a highly competent technical staff of 115 and a facility in Pune  Maharashtra state.These acquisitions enhance Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in South and North-East Asia  entering a large and growing domestic market with increasing regulatory requirements for quality  reliability  safety and energy efficiency. They significantly strengthen Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in Korea  diversifying its current existing platform in a growing Technology market  and complement Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services offering in India.Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas  commented: “We are delighted to welcome both ONETECH Corp. and KOSTEC Co.  Ltd in Korea and Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt. Ltd in India. With the reconfiguration of supply chains  global sourcing shifts  and with customers investing in fast-growing R&D markets  it is critical for us to accompany these transformations. Korea being one of the fastest-growing exporters of Technology products across various segments  and India being one of the fastest-growing technology markets  these countries are an important platform for our growth in Asia. Acquisitions play a key role in our portfolio strategy as we accelerate our ambition to expand our leadership and build new strongholds in strategic markets.”About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress.With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on X/Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com .ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 +33 (0) 6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.49,0.49,0.02,True,English,"['Electronics consumer products testing', 'Bureau Veritas', 'M&A', 'North-East Asia', 'position', 'Electrical', 'South', 'ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey', 'Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence', 'Hi Physix Laboratory India Pvt', 'Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services', 'Electronics consumer products segment', 'fast-growing R&D markets', 'Electronics consumer products testing', 'laboratory testing services', 'electronics products testing', 'increasing regulatory requirements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new mobility products', 'certification services laboratory', 'competent technical staff', 'current existing platform', 'global sourcing shifts', 'growing domestic market', 'growing Technology market', 'CAC SBT 1.5° index', 'Technology products', 'electronic products', 'strategic markets', 'global leader', 'domestic clients', 'important platform', 'new strongholds', 'technical experts', 'blockchain technology', 'growing exporters', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'M&A', 'definitive agreements', 'ONETECH CORP', 'KOSTEC Co.', 'three players', 'combined revenue', 'wide portfolio', 'household appliances', 'various laboratories', 'solar equipment', 'diverse portfolio', 'Maharashtra state', 'energy efficiency', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'supply chains', 'various segments', 'key role', 'portfolio strategy', 'powerful purpose', 'responsible progress', 'preferred partner', 'environmental protection', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'North-East Asia', 'large manufacturers', 'large range', 'two companies', 'world leader', 'Colin Verbrugghe', 'customers’ excellence', 'Karine Ansart', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'France', 'March', 'position', 'Electrical', 'South', 'Signature', 'Korea', 'Inspection', 'brands', '200 people', 'Company', 'calibration', 'photometry', 'facility', 'Pune', 'acquisitions', 'quality', 'reliability', 'safety', 'Ltd', 'reconfiguration', 'transformations', 'countries', 'growth', 'ambition', 'leadership', 'trust', 'vision', 'sustainability', 'change', '83,000 employees', 'challenges', 'health', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'X/Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Attachment', '1 55']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849096/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5591 £ 24.6452 Estimated MTD return -0.16 % -0.09 % Estimated YTD return 0.04 % 0.31 % Estimated ITD return 175.59 % 146.45 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.38 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.8496 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.1638The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '4']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46237684/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -March 20  2024 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Mar 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5591 £ 24.6452 Estimated MTD return -0.16 % -0.09 % Estimated YTD return 0.04 % 0.31 % Estimated ITD return 175.59 % 146.45 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.38 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.8496 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.1638The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'March', '02', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '4']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/2024-Thales-Data-Threat-Report-Reveals-Rise-in-Ransomware-Attacks-as-Compliance-Failings-Leave-Busi-46238999/,2024 Thales Data Threat Report Reveals Rise in Ransomware Attacks  as Compliance Failings Leave Businesses Vulnerable to Breaches,(marketscreener.com) 27% increase in companies that fell victim to a ransomware attack last year  with 8% paying the ransom43% of enterprises failed a compliance audit last year  with those companies 10x more likely to suffer a data breachHuman erro…,27% increase in companies that fell victim to a ransomware attack last year  with 8% paying the ransom 43% of enterprises failed a compliance audit last year  with those companies 10x more likely to suffer a data breach Human error identified as the top cause of data breaches for the second year in a rowThales today announced the release of the 2024 Thales Data Threat Report  its annual report on the latest data security threats  trends  and emerging topics based on a survey of nearly 3000 IT and security professionals in 18 countries across 37 industries. This year’s report found that 93% of IT professionals believe security threats are increasing in volume or severity  a significant rise from 47% last year.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320217738/en/©ThalesThreats continue to increase in volume and severityThe number of enterprises experiencing ransomware attacks surged by over 27% in the past year. Despite this escalating threat  less than half of organisations have a formal ransomware plan in place  with 8% resorting to paying the ransom demands.Malware stands out as the fastest-growing threat of 2024  with 41% of enterprises witnessing a malware attack in the past year – closely followed by phishing and ransomware. Cloud assets  including SaaS applications  cloud-based storage  and cloud infrastructure management  remain the primary targets for such attacks.The report shows that for a second year running  human error remains the leading cause of data breaches  with 31% of enterprises pinpointing this as the root cause.These insights are drawn from the 2024 Thales Data Threat Report  conducted by 451 Research. The report sheds light on how businesses are adapting their data security strategies and practices in response to an evolving threat landscape.Compliance is the key to data securityThe research found that over two fifths (43%) of enterprises failed a compliance audit in the past twelve months – with the report highlighting a very clear correlation between compliance and data security.Of those that had failed a compliance audit in the past twelve months  31% had experienced a breach that very same year. This compares to just 3% of those who had passed compliance audits.Operational complexity continues to cause data headachesFundamental understanding of what systems  applications  and data are at risk continue to lag due to changing regulatory and threat landscapes. Only a third (33%) of organisations are able to fully classify all of their data  with a worrying 16% stating that they classify very little or none of their data.Operational complexity remains a barrier. While the number of respondents reporting five or more key management systems is down (53% versus 62% last year)  the average number declined only slightly (from 5.6 to 5.4).The reality of multicloud across services and changing global data privacy regulations means that data sovereignty is a leading priority for businesses  with 28% identifying mandatory external key management as the leading way to achieve sovereignty. 39% said that data residency would no longer be an issue provided that external encryption  key management  and separation of duties were implemented.“Enterprises need to know exactly what they’re trying to protect. With global data privacy regulations continually changing  they need to have good visibility across their organization to stand any chance of staying compliant ” said Sebastien Cano  Senior Vice President at Thales Cloud Protection and Licensing.“If there’s one key takeaway from this year’s study  it’s that compliance is key. In fact  companies that had a good hold over their compliance processes and passed all their audits were also less likely to suffer a breach. We’ll start to see more compliance and security functions coming together. This would be a huge positive step to strengthen cyber defenses and build trust with customers ” he added.Emerging technology poses both threats and opportunitiesLooking ahead  the report also explored which emerging technologies are top-of-mind for IT and security professionals  with 57% identifying Artificial Intelligence (AI) as a huge source of concern. This was closely followed by IoT (55%) and Post Quantum Cryptography (45%).That said  enterprises are also looking at the opportunities that emerging technologies bring  with over a fifth (22%) planning to integrate Generative AI into their security products and services in the next 12 months  and a third (33%) planning to experiment integrating the technology.For more information please join our webinar with S&P Global on April 16  2024 hosted by Eric Hanselman  Chief Analyst and Justin Lam  Research Analyst.About the 2024 Thales Global Data Threat ReportThe 2024 Data Threat Report (DTR) analyzes how core security practices have changed in response to or in anticipation of changing threats. This report also offers perspectives on what organizations can do to leverage data assets to expand opportunities to make their businesses more agile and build trust with their customers. This research was based on a global survey of 2 961 respondents fielded via web survey with targeted populations for each country  aimed at professionals in security and IT management. In addition to criteria about level of knowledge on the general topic of the survey  the screening criteria for the survey excluded those respondents who indicated affiliation with organizations with annual revenue of less than US$100 million and with US$100 million-$250 million in Australia  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Hong Kong  India  Italy  Japan  Mexico  the Netherlands  New Zealand  South Korea  Singapore  Sweden  the United Arab Emirates  the United Kingdom and the United States of America.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies within three domains: Defence & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Digital Identity & Security. It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive.The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key areas such as quantum technologies  Edge computing  6G and cybersecurity.Thales has 81 000* employees in 68 countries. In 2023  the Group generated sales of €18.4 billion.* These figures exclude the ground transportation business  which is being divestedPLEASE VISITThales GroupCloud Protection & Licensing Solutions | Thales GroupCybersecurity Solutions | Thales GroupView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320217738/en/,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,mixed,0.06,0.23,0.71,True,English,"['Thales Data Threat Report', 'Ransomware Attacks', 'Compliance Failings', 'Rise', 'Businesses', 'Breaches', '2024', '2024 Thales Global Data Threat Report', 'global data privacy regulations', 'mandatory external key management', 'The 2024 Data Threat Report', '2024 Thales Data Threat Report', 'latest data security threats', 'S&P Global', 'evolving threat landscape', 'Senior Vice President', 'Post Quantum Cryptography', 'cloud infrastructure management', 'Thales Cloud Protection', 'one key takeaway', 'huge positive step', 'past twelve months', 'data security strategies', 'formal ransomware plan', 'key management systems', 'core security practices', 'escalating threat', 'growing threat', 'threat landscapes', 'external encryption', 'Cloud assets', 'next 12 months', 'data breaches', 'data headaches', 'data residency', 'data assets', 'huge source', 'security professionals', 'security functions', 'security products', 'past year', 'annual report', 'data sovereignty', 'ransomware attack', 'Human error', 'top cause', 'emerging topics', 'significant rise', 'cloud-based storage', 'primary targets', 'leading cause', 'root cause', 'two fifths', 'clear correlation', 'Operational complexity', 'Fundamental understanding', 'leading priority', 'leading way', 'good visibility', 'Sebastien Cano', 'good hold', 'cyber defenses', 'emerging technologies', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'Eric Hanselman', 'Chief Analyst', 'Justin Lam', 'second year', 'press release', 'full release', 'compliance audit', 'compliance processes', 'ransom demands', 'malware attack', 'SaaS applications', 'Emerging technology', 'Generative AI', 'changing threats', 'IT professionals', 'average number', 'Research Analyst', '©Thales', 'attacks', 'audits', '3000 IT', '451 Research', '27% increase', 'companies', 'enterprises', 'trends', 'survey', '18 countries', '37 industries', 'volume', 'severity', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'news', 'less', 'half', 'organisations', 'place', 'phishing', 'insights', 'light', 'businesses', 'response', 'risk', 'regulatory', 'little', 'none', 'barrier', 'respondents', 'five', 'reality', 'multicloud', 'services', 'issue', 'separation', 'duties', 'organization', 'chance', 'Licensing', 'study', 'fact', 'trust', 'customers', 'opportunities', 'concern', 'IoT', 'fifth (2', 'information', 'webinar', 'April', 'DTR', 'anticipation', 'perspectives']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIR-LIQUIDE-4605/news/Air-Liquide-Combined-General-Meeting-on-April-30-2024-Publication-of-the-Notice-of-Meeting-46244457/,Air Liquide: Combined General Meeting on April 30  2024: Publication of the Notice of Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:The Combined General Meeting of Air Liquide will be held in Paris on Tuesday  April 30  2024 at 3 p.m.  on first notice  in the Palais des Congrès  2  place de la Porte Maillot  75017 Paris  France.The draft resolut…,Regulatory News:The Combined General Meeting of Air Liquide (Paris:AI) will be held in Paris on Tuesday  April 30  2024 at 3 p.m.  on first notice  in the Palais des Congrès  2  place de la Porte Maillot  75017 Paris  France.The draft resolutions  approved by Air Liquide’s Board of Directors on February 19  2024 and to be submitted to the Shareholders’ General Meeting  as well as all the information concerning the Meeting are available on the Group’s website  2024 General Meeting section.The notice of Meeting published on March 20  2024 in the French legal gazette BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) and JAL (Journal d’Annonces Légales) is also available on the Group’s website  in the 2024 General Meeting section. The invitation to the Meeting documents will be sent to all Shareholders of the Company  by mail or electronically for those having opted for the electronic invitation. These documents include the voting form  the agenda of the Meeting  the resolutions which will be submitted to the vote of Shareholders with a presentation of the objectives of each resolution and practical information for attending  voting and exercising Shareholders’ rights.The General Meeting will provide the opportunity to present the Group’s strategy and its development prospects as well as to participate in the corporate life. The course of the Meeting will be as follows:- Financial and extra-financial performance - 2023 Results- Strategic Overview- Strategy  environmental and societal advances  2024 outlook- Composition and work of the Board of Directors and Committees  remuneration of corporate officers- Statutory Auditors’ Reports- Q&A session - Exchanges with the audience- Vote on resolutionsBenoît Potier  Chairman of the Board of Directors and François Jackow  Chief Executive Officer  will be there to tell you more about the future of the Group.All Shareholders are invited to vote either by attending the General Meeting in person or by proxy  or by voting by correspondence  or on line. That process might be carried out:- by sending the voting form back  so that it reaches the Company by no later than midnight  Paris time  on Friday  April 26  2024;- by voting by Internet  prior to the General Meeting. The voting website will be open from Wednesday  April 3  2024 to Monday  April 29  2024 at 3 p.m.  Paris time. Detailed instructions on how to connect to this website are provided in the invitation to the Meeting documents sent to Shareholders.Air Liquide values the participation of each Shareholder.The preparatory documents of this Meeting will also be kept at disposal of the Shareholders at Shareholder Services Department  75  quai d’Orsay  75007 Paris  France  and published on the Group’s website  2024 General Meeting section  according to legal and regulatory applicable requirements.The General Meeting will be webcast live  in French with simultaneous English translation  and a recorded version will be available on the Group’s website. It will also be available online for people with hearing impairment.Agenda of the Combined General Meeting of April 30  2024Ordinary General MeetingApproval of the Company financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31  2023Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31  2023Appropriation of 2023 earnings; setting of the dividendAuthorization granted to the Board of Directors for a period of 18 months to allow the Company to trade in its own sharesRenewal of the term of office of Ms Kim Ann Mink as Director of the CompanyRenewal of the term of office of Ms Monica de Virgiliis as Director of the CompanyStatutory Auditors’ Special Report on agreements covered by the articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial CodeApproval of the components of the remuneration paid during or awarded in respect of the fiscal year ended December 31  2023 to Mr François Jackow  Chief Executive OfficerApproval of the components of the remuneration paid during or awarded in respect of the fiscal year ended December 31  2023 to Mr Benoît Potier  Chairman of the Board of DirectorsApproval of information relating to the remuneration of corporate officers stated in article L. 22-10-9-I of the French Commercial CodeApproval of the remuneration policy applicable to the Chief Executive OfficerApproval of the remuneration policy applicable to the Chairman of the Board of DirectorsApproval of the remuneration policy applicable to DirectorsSetting of the total annual amount of Directors' remunerationAppointment of the company PriceWaterhouseCoopers Audit as Statutory Auditor in charge of certifying the sustainability informationAppointment of the company KPMG S.A. as Statutory Auditor in charge of certifying the sustainability informationExtraordinary General MeetingAuthorization granted to the Board of Directors for a period of 24 months to reduce the share capital by cancellation of treasury sharesDelegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors for a period of 26 months to increase the share capital through the incorporation of additional paid-in capital  reserves  profits or any other amounts  for a maximum amount of 320 million eurosDelegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors for a period of 26 months to perform share capital increases  with cancellation of preferential subscription rights  reserved for members of a company or group savings planDelegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors for a period of 18 months to perform share capital increases  with cancellation of preferential subscription rights  reserved for a category of beneficiariesAmendment of article 11 (Composition of the Board of Directors) of the articles of association concerning the modification of the age limit applicable to a percentage of DirectorsAmendment of article 12 (Organization and management of the Board of Directors) of the articles of association concerning the modification of the age limit for the Chairman of the Board of DirectorsOrdinary General MeetingPowers for formalitiesAir Liquide share ownership (as of December 31  2023)34% of the capital held by individual Shareholdersof the capital held by individual Shareholders 53% of the capital held by foreign institutional investorsof the capital held by foreign institutional investors 13% of the capital held by French institutional investorsUPCOMING DATES2024 First quarter revenue:Wednesday  April 24  2024Combined General Meeting:Tuesday  April 30  2024Dividend ex date*:Monday  May 20  2024Dividend payment date*:Wednesday  May 22  2024* subject to the necessary approvals at the Combined General Meeting of April 30  2024____________________Air Liquide is a world leader in gases  technologies and services for industry and healthcare. Present in 72 countries with 67 800 employees  the Group serves more than 4 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the Group’s activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group beneﬁts from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition—particularly with hydrogen—and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.Air Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 27.5 billion euros in 2023. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50  FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320319060/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Air Liquide', 'April', 'Publication', 'Notice', 'Ms Kim Ann Mink', 'Ms Monica de Virgiliis', 'Palais des Congrès', 'Mr François Jackow', 'Mr Benoît Potier', 'Statutory Auditors’ Special Report', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'The Combined General Meeting', 'KPMG S.A.', 'Statutory Auditors’ Reports', 'la Porte Maillot', 'Q&A session', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'quai d’Orsay', 'simultaneous English translation', 'total annual amount', 'The General Meeting', 'regulatory applicable requirements', 'French Commercial Code', '2024 General Meeting section', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'Shareholder Services Department', 'French legal gazette', 'Shareholders’ General Meeting', 'Company financial statements', 'articles L.', 'article L.', 'Regulatory News', 'Meeting documents', 'Air Liquide', 'voting form', 'development prospects', 'corporate life', 'extra-financial performance', 'Strategic Overview', 'societal advances', 'corporate officers', 'Detailed instructions', 'hearing impairment', 'fiscal year', 'PriceWaterhouseCoopers Audit', 'share capital', 'preparatory documents', 'practical information', 'sustainability information', 'Paris:AI', 'first notice', 'Paris time', 'remuneration policy', 'treasury shares', 'Shareholders’ rights', 'draft resolutions', 'electronic invitation', 'voting website', ""Directors' remuneration"", '75017 Paris', '75007 Paris', 'Tuesday', 'April', '2, place', 'France', 'Board', 'February', 'Group', 'March', 'BALO', 'Bulletin', 'JAL', 'Journal', 'agenda', 'vote', 'presentation', 'objectives', 'opportunity', 'strategy', 'course', '2023 Results', 'environmental', 'outlook', 'Composition', 'work', 'Committees', 'Exchanges', 'audience', 'Chairman', 'future', 'person', 'proxy', 'correspondence', 'line', 'process', 'midnight', 'Friday', 'Internet', 'Wednesday', 'Monday', 'participation', 'disposal', 'version', 'people', 'Approval', 'Appropriation', '2023 earnings', 'setting', 'dividend', 'Authorization', 'period', '18 months', 'Renewal', 'term', 'agreements', 'components', 'respect', 'Appointment', 'charge', '24 months', 'cancellation', 'Delegation', 'authority', '26 months']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-presents-successful-preclinical-data-on-its-ATO-medication-for-controlling-key-symptoms-at-46237523/,BioSenic presents successful preclinical data on its ATO medication for controlling key symptoms at the 2024 Systemic Sclerosis World Congress,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Preclinical data in a transgenic mouse model shows beneficial effects on various clinical symptoms analogous to those observed in human systemic sclerosis.Findings may further support future clinical program. Mont-Saint-Guib…,"PRESS RELEASEPreclinical data in a transgenic mouse model shows beneficial effects on various clinical symptoms analogous to those observed in human systemic sclerosis.Findings may further support future clinical program.Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  20 March 2024  7.00am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical-stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell therapy  presented the latest data on arsenic trioxide (ATO) for systemic sclerosis (SSc) at the 8th Systemic Sclerosis World Congress 2024. The data  obtained with the laboratory of Yannick Allanore  MD  Ph.D. from the Hospital Cochin  builds additional evidence for the use of ATO in multiple autoimmune conditions  as observed in various animal models and in recent pilot human clinical trials.The scientific communication presented by Anne Cauvet and Pr. Allanore demonstrated the efficacy of ATO in Fra2 transgenic mice  which is used as a disease model of symptomatic SSc  a chronic autoimmune disease marked by multi-organ fibrosis. BioSenic has previously showed that ATO  a first-in-class specific immunomodulatory drug  has significant therapeutic action in humans  and the company is progressing several formulations for autoimmune diseases in clinical trials. The researchers further reported that ATO resulted in significant lung histological changes  a trend towards a decrease in various fibrotic makers and a strong reduction in vascular remodeling in the SSc mouse model. The mechanism of action of ATO appears to involve a marked counteraction of the immune activation characteristic of SSc  particularly Tcell involvement. These positive findings have encouraged BioSenic to continue studying ATO for potential use in SSc.François Rieger  PhD  President of the Board and CEO of the BioSenic Group  said: “Our past data  including several animal models of autoimmune diseases and recent Phase 2 trials in systemic lupus erythematosus and chronic graft-versus-host-disease  have shown the remarkable therapeutic benefits of BioSenic’s liquid ATO solution for various autoimmune conditions with critical unmet medical needs. The more recent data for another serious autoimmune disease  systemic sclerosis  has given convincing preclinical evidence to support a Phase 2 trial for patients affected by this disease  which has no cure. The well-known safety of ATO’s pharmacologically active ingredient mean derived products  including an oral formulation (OATO)  may follow FDA’s rapid 505(b)(2) regulatory path.”Understanding the mechanisms of action of arsenic on target cells is essential to determine the best conditions of use and possibly optimal combinations with other drugs. The work of several research teams worldwide has highlighted the autoimmunity-regulating  anti-fibrotic and vascular remodeling properties of arsenic  with potential to treat the lethal lesions in SSc and other autoimmune pathologies.Dr. Carole Nicco  BioSenic’s CSO and COO  said: ""We are pleased to highlight these results  which complement previous findings in another preclinical model of non-genetic but induced-SSc. All our preclinical data  taken together  provide a coherent picture of the significant therapeutic effect we can expect in human patients suffering from severe chronic autoimmune diseases with unmet medical needs.""The results were presented at the 8th Systemic Sclerosis World Congress last week in Prague  Czech Republic.About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from its Medsenic’s arsenic trioxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the autoimmune platform include graft-versus-host-disease (GvHD)  systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  and now systemic sclerosis (SSc).Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combined the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger specifically enables Medsenic/Biosenic to develop an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/oral ATO (OATO).BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About the main Medsenic/BioSenic technology platformThe ATO platform provides derived active products with immunomodulatory properties and fundamental effects on the activated cells of the immune system. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. cGvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT).Medsenic has been successful in a phase 2 trial with its intravenous formulation  Arscimed®  which has orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA. The company is heading towards an international phase 3 confirmatory study  with its new  IP-protected  OATO formulation. Another selected target is moderate-to-severe forms of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae  and the gastrointestinal tract). Systemic sclerosis is now full part of the clinical pipeline of Medsenic/BioSenic. This serious chronic disease badly affects skin  lungs  or vascularization  and has no current effective treatment. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive  giving good grounds to launch a phase 2 clinical protocol  using new immunomodulatory formulations of APIs recognized to be active on the immune system.The company is currently focusing its present R&D and clinical activities on a selective  accelerated development of its autoimmune platform.Note: The allogeneic cell therapy platform-originating from the previous listed company Bone Therapeutics company  may be of renewed interest by using isolated and purified differentiated bone marrow Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) as a starting material for further isolation of passive or active biological subcellular elements. Indeed  these cells may provide new subcellular vesicles potentially able to deliver a unique and proprietary approach to organ repair. BioSenic is now involved in determining new patentable approaches in this complex area of cell therapy.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ● ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ghislaine.gasparetto@seitosei-actifin.comCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the company or  as appropriate  the company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.02,mixed,0.59,0.19,0.22,True,English,"['2024 Systemic Sclerosis World Congress', 'successful preclinical data', 'ATO medication', 'key symptoms', 'BioSenic', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'active ingredient mean derived products', '8th Systemic Sclerosis World Congress', 'recent pilot human clinical trials', 'rapid 505(b)(2) regulatory path', 'orphan drug designation status', 'significant lung histological changes', 'international phase 3 confirmatory study', 'critical unmet medical needs', 'main Medsenic/BioSenic technology platform', 'severe chronic autoimmune diseases', 'new, IP-protected, OATO formulation', 'human systemic sclerosis', 'recent Phase 2 trials', 'systemic lupus erythematosus', 'future clinical program', 'Fra2 transgenic mice', 'François Rieger', 'remarkable therapeutic benefits', 'Dr. Carole Nicco', 'significant therapeutic effect', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'One direct application', 'specific immunomodulatory drug', 'various clinical symptoms', 'various animal models', 'various fibrotic makers', 'several animal models', 'several research teams', 'transgenic mouse model', 'immune activation characteristic', 'multiple autoimmune conditions', 'other autoimmune pathologies', 'various autoimmune conditions', 'Key target indications', 'convincing preclinical evidence', 'leading biotech company', 'significant therapeutic action', 'liquid ATO solution', 'serious autoimmune disease', 'vascular remodeling properties', 'The ATO platform', 'active products', 'SSc mouse model', 'cell therapy', 'autoimmune platform', 'recent data', 'clinical assets', 'new arsenal', 'significant complications', 'human patients', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'preclinical model', 'disease model', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'several formulations', 'oral formulation', 'best conditions', 'intravenous formulation', 'inflammatory diseases', 'additional evidence', 'other drugs', 'immune system', 'ATO) platform', 'Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'Preclinical data', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'beneficial effects', '7.00am CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Yannick Allanore', 'Ph.D.', 'Hospital Cochin', 'scientific communication', 'Anne Cauvet', 'Pr. Allanore', 'multi-organ fibrosis', 'strong reduction', 'marked counteraction', 'Tcell involvement', 'target cells', 'optimal combinations', 'autoimmunity-regulating, anti-fibrotic', 'lethal lesions', 'coherent picture', 'Czech Republic', 'strategic positionings', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'Further information', 'fundamental effects', 'activated cells', 'long-term survival', 'latest data', 'past data', 'clinical-stage company', 'positive findings', 'previous findings', 'arsenic trioxide', 'ATO/oral ATO', 'symptomatic SSc', 'BioSenic Group', 'potential use', 'SSc.', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', 'Paris', 'laboratory', 'MD', 'efficacy', 'class', 'humans', 'researchers', 'trend', 'decrease', 'mechanism', 'PhD', 'President', 'Board', 'CEO', 'host-disease', 'cure', 'known', 'safety', 'FDA', 'work', 'CSO', 'COO', 'results', 'genetic', 'Prague', 'development', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'merger', 'October', 'strengths', 'onco-immunology', 'common', 'HSCT', 'Arscimed']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849725/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,March 20  2024  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR65 million (c. US$70 million) share repurchase program for the period...,"March 20  2024SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR65 million (c. US$70 million) share repurchase program for the period March 14  2024 through March 20  2024.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024 and effective from March 1  2024. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period March 1  2024 through March 20  2024 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 65 000 000 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 4 257 541 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 307 917 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 13.83 Start Date March 1  2024 Percentage of program completed as of March 20  2024 6.55% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount March 14  2024 22 000 EUR 13.85 EUR 304 713 March 15  2024 21 890 EUR 13.85 EUR 303 238 March 18  2024 21 467 EUR 13.96 EUR 299 605 March 19  2024 21 730 EUR 14.04 EUR 305 178 March 20  2024 21 724 EUR 14.05 EUR 305 121 Total 108 811 EUR 13.95 EUR 1 517 8551All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore designs  builds  installs and operates offshore floating facilities for the offshore energy industry. As a leading technology provider  we put our marine expertise at the service of a responsible energy transition by reducing emissions from fossil fuel production  while developing cleaner solutions for alternative energy sources.More than 7 400 SBMers worldwide are committed to sharing their experience to deliver safe  sustainable and affordable energy from the oceans for generations to come.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com .Financial Calendar Date Year Annual General Meeting April 12 2024 First Quarter 2024 Trading Update May 8 2024 Half Year 2024 Earnings August 8 2024 Third Quarter 2024 Trading Update November 14 2024 Full Year 2024 Earnings February 20 2025For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 6 23 34 37 64 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsEvelyn Tachau BrownGroup Communications & Change DirectorMobile: +377 (0) 6 40 62 30 34 E-mail: evelyn.tachau-brown@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impact  Risk and Opportunity Management’ section of the 2023 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “Float4Wind®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Financial Calendar Date Year Annual General Meeting', 'Evelyn Tachau Brown Group Communications', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', '307,917 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Third Quarter 2024 Trading Update', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'Trade Date Quantity', 'Cumulative Quantity Repurchased', 'last 5 trading days', 'leading technology provider', 'fossil fuel production', 'separate legal entities', 'responsible energy transition', 'alternative energy sources', 'offshore floating facilities', 'offshore energy industry', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', '2023 Annual Report', 'Start Date', 'Half Year', 'Full Year', 'share capital', 'First Quarter', 'current views', 'affordable energy', 'regular update', 'Media Relations', 'SBM logomark', 'daily basis', 'top half', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'CBOE DXE', 'Corporate Profile', 'marine expertise', 'cleaner solutions', 'safe, sustainable', 'Corporate Finance', 'Change Director', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'actual results', 'future operations', 'useful purpose', 'industry information', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'Investors section', 'similar expressions', 'Opportunity Management', 'underlying assumptions', 'subsequent events', 'transaction details', 'detailed information', 'individual transactions', 'new information', 'press release', 'particular company', 'Wouter Holties', 'March', 'period', 'repurchases', 'February', 'objective', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Further', 'website', '2024 Percentage', 'Overview', 'shares', 'Turquoise', 'nr', 'service', 'emissions', 'More', '7,400 SBMers', 'experience', 'oceans', 'generations', 'sbmoffshore', 'April', 'Earnings', 'November', 'mail', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'words', 'business', 'obligation', 'Nothing', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'companies', 'investments', 'convenience', 'references', 'subsidiaries', 'Fast4Wa']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLASQUIN-32716/news/CLASQUIN-2023-Excellent-Performance-in-Business-Volumes-and-Earnings-46244572/,CLASQUIN: 2023 Excellent Performance in Business Volumes and Earnings* -March 20  2024 at 01:16 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) * As a reminder  2022 was an exceptional year for the entire air and sea freight sectorhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLASQUIN-32716/news/CLASQUIN-2023-Excellent-Performance-in-Business-Volumes-and-Earnings-46244572/?utm_me…,* As a reminder  2022 was an exceptional year for the entire air and sea freight sectorRegulatory News:CLASQUIN (Paris:ALCLA):FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPROVED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON 19 MARCH 2023The Statutory Auditors have completed their audit procedures on these accounts and the report relating to certification of the consolidated financial statements will be issued when the annual report is published.Consolidated financial statements 2023 % GP 2022 % GP 2023/ 2022 Number of shipments ** 334 889 315 742 +6.1% Sales (€m)* 562.1 877.1 -35.9% Gross profit (€m) 143.1 100.0% 140.0 100.0% +2.2% EBITDA (€m) 36.1 25.2% 40.3 28.8% -10.4% Current operating income (€m) 29.5 20.6% 33.4 23.9% -11.7% Consolidated net profit (€m) 19.9 13.9% 23.7 17.0% -16.0% Net profit Group share (€m) 18.3 12.8% 21.8 15.6% -16.2%* Sales is not a relevant indicator of business in our sector  as it is greatly impacted by changing air and sea freight rates  fuel surcharges  exchange rates (particularly versus USD)  etc. Changes in the number of shipments  volumes shipped and  in financial terms  gross profit are relevant indicators.** The number of shipments does not include the TIMAR acquisition*.ANNUAL BUSINESS VOLUMES AND EARNINGSThe number of shipments (excluding TIMAR*) rose 6.1%  reflecting a sustained performance throughout the year:Sea: +2.1%Air: +16.4%Road brokerage (excluding TIMAR*): +5.8%Gross profit exceeded the record level reached in 2022 (up 2.2%)  despite pressure on unit margins due to market conditions  thanks to:the TIMAR Group acquisition (11% of 2023 gross profit) (gross profit excluding TIMAR*: down 8.8%);the acquisition of new clients (10% of 2023 gross profit);business development with key accounts (gross profit of the top 30 clients: up 11% versus 2022).EBITDA saw a limited 10.4% decline to €36.1m thanks to a 4.2% reduction in expenses (excluding TIMAR*).Having reached a record level in 2022  mainly bolstered by exceptional market conditions  current operating income remained very high (€29.5m / down 11.7%)  giving an EBIT/GP ratio of 20.6%.Net profit Group share came to €18.3m  down 16.2% impacted by a 20.3% increase in the cost of debt  which nevertheless remains under tight control (€0.8m). The nominal tax rate remains virtually unchanged at 27.8%.FINANCIAL POSITION2023 2022 2021 Gross operating cash flow (€m) 38.9 41.1 35.7 % of gross profit 27.2% 29.3% 29.3% Net cash flow from operating activities 25.1 66.9 15.5 Working capital (€m) 9.6 2.7 36.8 Shareholders’ equity (€m) 63.8 59.9 45.4 EBITDA (€m) 36.1 40.7 38.2 Net debt (€m) 15.1 (0.7) 33.2 Leverage (net debt/EBITDA) 0.4 (0.0) 0.9 Shareholders’ equity (excl. IFRS 16) (€m) 64.6 60.6 45.7 EBITDA (excl. IFRS 16) (€m) 30.4 36.2 34.9 Net debt (excl. IFRS 16) (€m) (5.4) (20.8) 22.1 Leverage (excl. IFRS 16) -0.2 -0.6 0.6Despite a slight increase in working capital due to the rise in freight rates at the end of the year  Group net debt (excluding lease liabilities) remained negative at 31 December 2023  enabling the Group to continue to post highly favourable leverage of below 0.This sound financial position reflect the Group’s ability to pursue its development strategy through both organic growth and acquisitions.PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDSOn 19 March 2023  the Board of Directors decided to propose to the 5 June 2024 Combined Annual General Meeting that no dividend be distributed due to the current negotiations between CLASQUIN and SAS Shipping Agencies Services SARL  a subsidiary of MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA.2023 HIGHLIGHTS & POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTSTIMAR SA*Acquisition of a controlling interest (63.52%) in the TIMAR Group on 28 March 2023TIMAR is a Moroccan group specialising in the design of innovative solutions in the fields of international transport  logistics and goods transit. The group is listed on the Casablanca Stock Exchange.14 companies  18 offices in 9 countries in North Africa (Morocco  Tunisia  Mauritania)  West Africa (Senegal  Mali  Ivory Coast) and Europe (France  Spain  Portugal).Crossing of the 95% shareholding threshold of TIMAR SA’s share capital on 1 November 2023.A Mandatory Squeeze-Out Offer for the TIMAR shares was filed by Financière CLASQUIN Euromed on 7 November 2023 with the Moroccan Capital Market Authority (AMMC)  which declared the project admissible on 9 February 2024 and approved the offer memorandum on 28 February 2024. The schedule for the transaction is as follows:Offer launch: 08/03/2024Offer closing: 27/03/2024Settlement and delivery: 09/04/2024Delisting of TIMAR SA shares: 10/06/2024THE CURRENT NEGOTIATIONS BETWEEN CLASQUIN AND SAS SHIPPING AGENCIES SERVICES SARL a subsidiary of MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA are ongoing and a press release will be published on the matter shortly.2024 OUTLOOK2024 marketInternational trade by volume: up 3.3% (WTO – October 2023)Air freight by volume: up 4.5% (IATA – December 2023)Sea freight by volume: up 3-4%CLASQUIN 2024Business (volumes): outperform market growth.UPCOMING EVENTS (publication after-market closure) Thursday 25 April 2024 Q1 2024 business report Wednesday 5 June 2024 Combined Annual General Meeting Thursday 25 July 2024 Q2 2024 business report Tuesday 17 September 2024 H1 2024 results Tuesday 29 October 2024 Q3 2024 business reportCLASQUIN is an air and sea freight forwarding and overseas logistics specialist. The Group designs and manages the entire overseas transport and logistics chain  organising and coordinating the flow of client shipments between France and the rest of the world and  more specifically  to and from Asia-Pacific  North America  North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa.Its shares are listed on EURONEXT GROWTH  ISIN FR0004152882  Reuters ALCLA.PA  Bloomberg ALCLA FP. Read more at www.clasquin.com.CLASQUIN confirms its eligibility for the share savings plan for MSCs (medium-sized companies) in accordance with Article D. 221-113-5 of the French Monetary and Financial Code established by decree number 2014-283 of 4 March 2014 and with Article L. 221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  which set the conditions for eligibility (less than 5 000 employees and annual sales of less than €1 500m or balance sheet total of less than €2 000m).CLASQUIN is listed on the Enternext© PEA-PME 150 index.LEI: 9695004FF6FA43KC4764View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320190736/en/,neutral,0.46,0.52,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.39,0.33,True,English,"['2023 Excellent Performance', 'Business Volumes', 'CLASQUIN', 'Earnings', 'March', '01:16', 'SAS Shipping Agencies Services SARL', 'MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA', '5 June 2024 Combined Annual General Meeting', 'POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS', 'Financière CLASQUIN Euromed', 'CURRENT NEGOTIATIONS BETWEEN CLASQUIN', 'Gross operating cash flow', 'Moroccan Capital Market Authority', 'Net profit Group share', 'Net cash flow', 'Current operating income', 'nominal tax rate', 'Casablanca Stock Exchange', 'Consolidated net profit', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Statutory Auditors', 'sound financial position', 'Mandatory Squeeze-Out Offer', 'TIMAR SA shares', 'exceptional market conditions', 'sea freight rates', 'ANNUAL BUSINESS VOLUMES', 'sea freight sector', 'share capital', 'TIMAR Group acquisition', 'Moroccan group', 'operating activities', 'UPCOMING EVENTS', 'annual report', 'exchange rates', 'Gross profit', 'Net debt', 'financial terms', 'Working capital', 'market growth', 'TIMAR shares', 'Regulatory News', 'audit procedures', 'relevant indicator', 'fuel surcharges', 'sustained performance', 'Road brokerage', 'record level', 'unit margins', 'new clients', 'top 30 clients', 'limited 10.4% decline', 'EBIT/GP ratio', 'tight control', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'lease liabilities', 'development strategy', 'organic growth', 'controlling interest', 'innovative solutions', 'international transport', 'goods transit', 'North Africa', 'West Africa', 'Ivory Coast', '95% shareholding threshold', 'offer memorandum', 'Offer launch', 'press release', 'International trade', 'Air freight', 'exceptional year', 'business development', 'entire air', 'TIMAR acquisition', 'key accounts', 'slight increase', 'favourable leverage', '2024 market', '20.3% increase', 'reminder', 'Paris', 'ALCLA', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', '19 MARCH', 'certification', 'GP 2022', 'Number', 'shipments', 'Sales', 'EBITDA', 'USD', 'Changes', 'EARNINGS', 'pressure', '4.2% reduction', 'expenses', 'cost', 'IFRS', 'rise', 'end', '31 December', 'ability', 'acquisitions', 'PAYMENT', 'subsidiary', '2023 HIGHLIGHTS', '28 March', 'design', 'fields', 'logistics', '14 companies', '18 offices', '9 countries', 'Morocco', 'Tunisia', 'Mauritania', 'Senegal', 'Mali', 'Europe', 'France', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Crossing', '1 November', '7 November', 'AMMC', 'project', '9 February', '28 February', 'schedule', 'transaction', 'Settlement', 'delivery', 'Delisting', 'matter', '2024 OUTLOOK', 'WTO', 'October', 'IATA', 'publication', '27.']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BASTIDE-LE-CONFORT-MEDICA-5023/news/Bastide-Le-Confort-Medical-2023-2024-half-yearly-results-Organic-growth-up-5-7-EBITDA-up-46244715/,Bastide Le Confort Médical :  2023-2024 half-yearly results : Organic growth up 5.7%  EBITDA up 7.5%  Increase in recurring operating profit despite the inflationary context and margin of 8.3%. 2023-2024 outlook confirmed,(marketscreener.com)  Caissargues  March 20  2024In € millions - Year ended June 30H1 2022-2023H1 2023-2024ChangeRevenue249.7265.0+6.1 %EBITDA*49.953.6+7.5 %EBITDA margin20.0%20.2% Recurring operating profit21.521.9+2.1%Rec…,"Caissargues  March 20  2024In € millions - Year ended June 30 H1 2022-2023 H1 2023-2024 Change Revenue 249.7 265.0 +6.1 % EBITDA* 49.9 53.6 +7.5 % EBITDA margin 20.0% 20.2% Recurring operating profit 21.5 21.9 +2.1% Recurring operating margin 8.6% 8.3% Operating profit 18.9 20.7 +9.5% Financial result -6.9 -11.9 Taxes -3.7 -5.1 Net profit from continuing operations 8.3 3.6 -56.6% Net loss from discontinued operations -5.7 -1.2 Net profit  Group share 2.6 2.4 -7.7%* EBITDA: recurring operating income + net depreciation  amortization and provisions.Groupe Bastide's 2023-2024 half-yearly consolidated financial statements have been reviewed by the Group's Statutory Auditors and were approved by its Board of Directors on March 18  2024. The half-yearly results presentation will be available on the Group's website from 2:30 pm on March 21  2024 in the ""Investors"" section. The half-yearly financial report will be available on the www.bastide-groupe.fr website before March 31  2024  and will be the subject of a press release.Revenue up 6.1%Groupe Bastide's activity remained dynamic in first-half 2023-2024  posting growth of 6.1%  of which 5.7% in organic terms alone[1]. Revenue for the period amounted to €265.0 million.The more technical business activities (Respiratory  Nutrition-Perfusion-Stomatherapy) maintained strong momentum and recorded revenue of €158.8 million  up 12.2% (up 10.5% on an organic basis). These strategic activities are driving the Group's growth  and now account for 60% of total revenue.The “Homecare” business came in at €106.2 million  down 0.6% on an organic basis (down 1.6% on a reported basis). While sales continue to be impacted by the inflationary context  rental activities remain solid  posting revenue of €38.1 million  up 4.5% for the period.International business accounted for almost 18% of revenue over the half-year.Increase in recurring operating profit despite the inflationary contextOver the half-year  in an inflationary context  the shift in the product mix – following Groupe Bastide's strategic decision to develop its more technical business activities – led to a significant improvement in the Group's gross margin  which rose by 110 basis points to 67.2%.EBITDA rose by 7.5% to €53.6 million  representing an increased margin of 20.2% (up 20 basis points)  despite the negative 150 basis point impact of payroll costs  due both to wage inflation and significant growth in home healthcare services.Recurring operating profit increased by 2.1% to €21.9 million  while recurring operating margin came in at 8.3%  in line with the Group's strategic roadmap.Operating profit rose by 9.5% to €20.7 million. Non-recurring expenses  were halved compared with the first half of 2022-2023  and include various extraordinary expenses such as restructuring costs of €0.4 million.Financial expenses came to €11.9 million (versus €6.9 million in first-half 2022-2023)  of which €1.1m related to IFRS 16  due to the automatic impact of the increase in interest rates. The cost of average debt came to 6.2%.Net profit from continuing operations stood at €3.6 million  after taking into account a €5.1 million tax expense.Net loss from discontinued operations came in at €1.2 million for the half-year  due to the finalization of the Livramedom disposal.Financial structureCash flow from operations came to €34.3 million  including an increase in working capital of around €10 million  largely due to non-recurring items  including the discontinuation of factoring in the community healthcare sector (€6 million) and a one-off delay in receivables (€2 million) which was resolved in January.Net operating investments amounted to €25.7 million  or 9.7% of revenue  compared with 10.1% for first-half 2022-2023. This tight control over net operating investments is all the more remarkable in that it has been achieved against a backdrop of strong growth in the more capital-intensive rental business. Some 90% of these investments involve the purchase of medical devices for new capacity or existing capacities to renew  which are then leased to the customer.Operating free cash flow (cash flow from operations after cash flows related to acquisitions of property  plant & equipment and intangible assets and after repayment of lease liabilities)  came to a negative €2.2 million. Operating free cash flow was a positive €5.8 million  excluding non-recurring items related to WCR (discontinuation of factoring and delays in receivables).Over the half-year  the Group collected €12.7 million net in connection with the management of its business portfolio  including the proceeds from the sale of Distrimed in December 2023 and outflows linked to the acquisitions of Oxigo and Occit'Perf  and earn-outs paid in previous years' acquisitions and minority interest buyouts.Excluding lease liabilities of €74.6 million  net debt amounted to €324.4 million at December 31  2023 and shareholders' equity to €83.4 million. Cash and cash equivalents stood at €35.1 million. The Group's leverage (net debt3/annual restated EBITDA4 – excluding IFRS 16 impact)  came to 3.41×  a decrease on the calculated leverage at June 30  2023.2023-2024 outlookIn light of the trends observed in its markets  Groupe Bastide is confident in continuing its growth trajectory. The Group confirms its annual revenue target of around €530 million like-for-like and a recurring operating margin at least equal to that achieved for fiscal year 2022-2023  i.e.  8.4%.Debt reduction is the priority for the 2023-2024 fiscal year. In line with the expected improvement in operating free cash flow in the second half of the year  Groupe Bastide intends to accelerate debt reduction  and is continuing to look into the possibility of selling assets that no longer align with its strategy or hinder value creation.NEXT RESULTS:Publication of third-quarter 2023-2024 revenue onMay 15  2024 after the close of tradingAbout Groupe Bastide Le Confort MédicalCreated in 1977 by Guy Bastide  Groupe Bastide is a leading European provider of home healthcare services. Present in 8 countries  Bastide develops a permanent quality approach and is committed to providing medical devices and associated services that best meet patients' needs in key health areas: diabetes  nutrition  infusion  respiratory care  stomatherapy and urology. Bastide is listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0000035370  Reuters BATD.PA  - Bloomberg BLC: FP).Groupe Bastide Actus FinanceVincent Bastide/Olivier JourdanneyT. +33 (0)4 66 38 68 08www.bastide-groupe.frAnalyst-InvestorHélène de WattevilleT. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 33Press – MediaAnne-Charlotte DudicourtT. +33 (0)6 24 03 26 52Alternative performance indicators (reconciliation)EBITDA (€ millions) H1 2022-2023 H1 2023-2024 Recurring operating profit 21.5 21.9 - Net depreciation  amortization and provisions 28.4 31.7 = EBITDA 49.9 53.6Operating free cash flow (€ millions) H1 2022-2023 H1 2023-2024 Cash flows from operating activities 52.0 34.3[2] - Cash flows from/(used in) financing activities -25.3 -25.7 - Lease liabilities repaid (IFRS 16) -9.1 -10.8 = Operating free cash flow 17.6 -2.2[1] Organic growth calculated at constant exchange rates and on a like-for-like basis  with 2023-2024 figures restated for the contribution of companies acquired within the last 12 months and 2022-2023 figures restated for the contribution of assets sold within the last 12 months.[2] Of which a negative €8 million in non-recurring items (discontinuation of factoring and late payment of receivables).This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: ynBvY5abk2mVl5puk8ZuamKWZ5mXmGmYmGqbyJKaZcvInZ+TxplnbZuVZnFlm2xv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84679-rs_2023-2024-vdef-eng_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.11,0.25,0.63,True,English,"['Bastide Le Confort Médical', 'recurring operating profit', '2023-2024 half-yearly results', '2023-2024 outlook', 'Organic growth', 'inflationary context', 'EBITDA', 'Increase', 'margin', '2023-2024 half-yearly consolidated financial statements', 'Operating free cash flow', 'negative 150 basis point impact', 'half-yearly results presentation', 'half-yearly financial report', 'home healthcare services', '€5.1 million tax expense', 'community healthcare sector', 'recurring operating income', 'minority interest buyouts', 'various extraordinary expenses', 'Recurring operating profit', 'Recurring operating margin', 'bastide-groupe.fr website', 'technical business activities', 'capital-intensive rental business', ""previous years' acquisitions"", 'Net operating investments', 'Financial expenses', 'rental activities', 'automatic impact', 'recurring items', 'Financial result', 'Financial structure', 'Net profit', 'strategic activities', 'Homecare” business', 'International business', 'interest rates', 'business portfolio', 'cash flows', 'cash equivalents', 'Non-recurring expenses', 'Net loss', 'net depreciation', 'gross margin', 'net debt', 'organic basis', '110 basis points', '20 basis points', 'Groupe Bastide', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Investors"" section', 'press release', 'organic terms', 'Respiratory, Nutrition-Perfusion-Stomatherapy', 'strong momentum', 'inflationary context', 'product mix', 'strategic decision', 'significant improvement', 'payroll costs', 'wage inflation', 'strategic roadmap', 'first half', 'restructuring costs', 'average debt', 'Livramedom disposal', 'working capital', 'one-off delay', 'tight control', 'medical devices', 'new capacity', 'existing capacities', 'intangible assets', 'lease liabilities', ""Occit'Perf"", ""shareholders' equity"", 'continuing operations', 'discontinued operations', 'significant growth', 'strong growth', 'EBITDA margin', 'Change Revenue', 'Group share', 'total revenue', 'The Group', 'negative €', 'Caissargues', 'March', 'June', '9 Taxes', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'www', 'subject', 'activity', 'first-half', 'period', 'sales', 'Increase', 'shift', 'line', 'IFRS', 'account', 'finalization', 'discontinuation', 'factoring', 'receivables', 'January', 'backdrop', 'purchase', 'customer', 'property', 'plant', 'equipment', 'repayment', 'positive €', 'WCR', 'delays', 'connection', 'management', 'proceeds', 'Distrimed', 'December', 'outflows', 'Oxigo', 'leverage', 'EBITDA4', '2:30']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS-S-A-29750724/news/GenSight-Biologics-Confirms-Sustained-Efficacy-and-Safety-of-Bilateral-LUMEVOQ-Injections-Four-Yea-46237679/,GenSight Biologics Confirms Sustained Efficacy and Safety of Bilateral LUMEVOQ® Injections Four Years After One-Time Administration,(marketscreener.com) Sustained efficacy 4 years after injection in REFLECT Phase III trialContinued benefit at 4 years in bilaterally treated patients: clinically meaningful improvement of at least 15 letters relative to their observed nadir73% of b…,Sustained efficacy 4 years after injection in REFLECT Phase III trial Continued benefit at 4 years in bilaterally treated patients: clinically meaningful improvement of at least 15 letters relative to their observed nadir 73% of bilaterally treated patients experience clinically meaningful level of improvement Favorable safety profile confirmed at 4 yearsRegulatory News:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240319984906/en/Graph 1: Evolution of Best-Corrected Visual Acuity (BCVA) Over Time – REFLECT Phase III Study (Graphic: Business Wire)GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible)  a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  today reported initial efficacy and safety results at 4 yearsa post-treatment administration in the REFLECT Phase III clinical trial with LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec). The results show that four years after a one-time administration of the gene therapy  the visual acuity improvement has been sustained while maintaining a favorable safety profile. Bilateral injection provides an additional effect compared to unilateral treatment  demonstrated across all analyses of visual acuity improvement and responder rates.“The latest REFLECT data confirms that the improvement seen with lenadogene nolparvovec is sustained 4 years after treatment has been given  including the additional benefit observed in participants receiving a bilateral intravitreal injection of the gene therapy ” said Patrick Yu-Wai-Man  MD  PhD  Professor of Ophthalmology  University of Cambridge and Moorfields Eye Hospital  and International Principal Investigator of REFLECT. “Importantly  REFLECT participants receiving a bilateral injection had a comparable safety profile to those treated unilaterally.”The findings reinforce the results observed at 3 years post-treatment administration  which were reported in March 2023.bSustained and meaningful efficacy at Year 4The evolution of the visual acuity over time shows that visual improvement after lenadogene nolparvovec treatment was maintained over 4 years in all subjects  with the visual acuity of bilateral injected patients remaining better than that of patients who received a unilateral injection. This difference has been observed since Year 1.5.Graph 1: Evolution of Best-Corrected Visual Acuity (BCVA) Over Time – REFLECT Phase III Study(See Graph 1)Compared against nadir (i.e.  the worst BCVA recorded from baseline to Year 4)  average visual acuity for all LUMEVOQ-treated eyes increased beyond the +15 letter threshold that conventionally defines clinically meaningful improvement. The improvement of placebo eyes highlights the consistent contralateral treatment effect observed in all clinical trials (also documented in sham-treated eyes in the REVERSE1 and RESCUE2 trials).“The sustained effect on vision  as observed in the REFLECT trial  is a crucial piece of the LUMEVOQ story for patients  physicians and health authorities ” commented Laurence Rodriguez  Chief Executive Officer of GenSight Biologics. “The durable impact from a single administration differentiates gene therapy from other treatment modalities  facilitating patient adherence and improving quality of life.”Table 1: Change in Best-Corrected Visual Acuity (BCVA) versus Nadir 4 Years after Injection4-year 1st affected eye 2nd affected eye Subjects bilaterally injected with LUMEVOQ® LUMEVOQ®-0.40 LogMAR+20 ETDRS letters LUMEVOQ®-0.34 LogMAR+17 ETDRS letters Subjects unilaterally injected with LUMEVOQ® LUMEVOQ®-0.38 LogMAR+19 ETDRS letters PLACEBO-0.27 LogMAR+14 ETDRS letters Data cut-off: Feb 20  2024. Subjects bilaterally treated: 1st affected eyes: n=48; 2nd affected eyes: n=48; subjects unilaterally treated: 1st affected eyes: n=50; 2nd affected eyes: n=50. p<0.0001 for all eye groups using linear mixed model.Responder analyses reinforce the finding of improved outcomes for patients  for whom natural history typically results in greatly impaired vision with a very low likelihood of spontaneous recovery.3 Four years after a bilateral injection  73% of patients had experienced a clinically meaningful improvement of at least -0.3 LogMAR (+15 ETDRS letters) relative to their observed nadir. 81% of bilaterally treated patients are able to read letters on a screen (on-chart vision)  with the likelihood of reaching this level of vision being twice as high with bilateral treatment versus a unilateral injection (odds ratio: 2.0 [0.7; 5.5]).Favorable safety profileThe favorable safety profile of LUMEVOQ® continued to be confirmed  with the safety profile of the drug being demonstrated as comparable in bilaterally and unilaterally treated subjects. There was no study discontinuation related to systemic or ocular adverse events  and there were no serious ocular adverse events. The main ocular adverse event was intraocular inflammation  which was mostly mild and responsive to conventional treatment.REFLECT is a randomized  double-masked  placebo-controlled Phase III trial involving 98 subjects with vision loss due to Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON) caused by a mutated ND4 mitochondrial gene; enrolled ND4 subjects had vision loss up to one year from onset. All subjects received an intravitreal injection (IVT) of lenadogene nolparvovec in their first affected eye. The second affected eye was randomized to either a second IVT of LUMEVOQ® or a placebo IVT  which was administered on the same day or the following day. 48 subjects were randomized to LUMEVOQ® bilateral treatment  and 50 to lenadogene nolparvovec unilateral treatment (first-affected eye treated with LUMEVOQ®  second-affected eye treated with placebo). REFLECT patients will be followed up to 5 years post-injection to monitor the efficacy and safety of LUMEVOQ® over time.References: Yu-Wai-Man P  Newman NJ  Carelli V  Moster ML  Biousse V  Sadun AA  et al. Bilateral visual improvement with unilateral gene therapy injection for Leber hereditary optic neuropathy. Sci Transl Med. (2020) 12:eaaz7423. doi: 10.1126/scitranslmed.aaz7423 Newman NJ  Yu-Wai-Man P  Carelli V  Moster ML  Biousse V  Vignal-Clermont C  et al. Efficacy and safety of intravitreal gene therapy for Leber hereditary optic neuropathy treated within 6 months of disease onset. Ophthalmology (2021) 128:649–60. doi: 10.1016/j.ophtha.2020.12.012. Newman NJ  Carelli V  Taiel M  Yu-Wai-Man P. Visual outcomes in Leber hereditary optic neuropathy subjects with the m.11778G>A (MTND4) mitochondrial DNA mutation. J Neuro-Ohthalmol. (2020) 40:547–57. doi: 10.1097/WNO.0000000000001045.About GenSight BiologicsGenSight Biologics S.A. is a clinical-stage biopharma company focused on discovering and developing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders. GenSight Biologics’ pipeline leverages two core technology platforms  the Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence (MTS) and optogenetics  to help preserve or restore vision in patients suffering from blinding retinal diseases. GenSight Biologics’ lead product candidate  GS010  is in Phase III trials in Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)  a rare mitochondrial disease that leads to irreversible blindness in teens and young adults. Using its gene therapy-based approach  GenSight Biologics’ product candidates are designed to be administered in a single treatment to each eye by intravitreal injection to offer patients a sustainable functional visual recovery.About Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON) is a rare maternally inherited mitochondrial genetic disease  characterized by the degeneration of retinal ganglion cells that results in brutal and irreversible vision loss that can lead to legal blindness  and mainly affects adolescents and young adults. LHON is associated with painless  sudden loss of central vision in the 1st eye  with the 2nd eye sequentially impaired. It is a symmetric disease with poor functional visual recovery. 97% of subjects have bilateral involvement at less than one year of onset of vision loss  and in 25% of cases  vision loss occurs in both eyes simultaneously.About LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec) targets Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON) by leveraging a mitochondrial targeting sequence (MTS) proprietary technology platform  arising from research conducted at the Institut de la Vision in Paris  which  when associated with the gene of interest  allows the platform to specifically address defects inside the mitochondria using an AAV vector (Adeno-Associated Virus). The gene of interest is transferred into the cell to be expressed and produces the functional protein  which will then be shuttled to the mitochondria through specific nucleotidic sequences in order to restore the missing or deficient mitochondrial function. “LUMEVOQ” was accepted as the invented name for GS010 (lenadogene nolparvovec) by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in October 2018. LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec) has not been registered in any country at this stage.About REFLECTREFLECT is a multi-center  randomized  double-masked  placebo-controlled study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of bilateral injections of GS010 in subjects with LHON due to the NADH dehydrogenase 4 (ND4) mutation. In the active arm  GS010 was administered as a single intravitreal injection in each eye of each subject. In the placebo arm  GS010 was administered as a single intravitreal injection to the first affected eye  while the fellow eye received a placebo injection.The primary endpoint for the REFLECT trial is the BCVA reported in LogMAR at 1.5 years (78 weeks) post-treatment in the second‑affected/not‑yet‑affected eye. The change from baseline in second‑affected/not‑yet‑affected eyes receiving GS010 and placebo is the primary response of interest. The secondary efficacy endpoints include: change from baseline in BCVA reported in LogMAR at 2  3  4 and 5 years post-treatment in the second‑affected/not‑yet‑affected eye compared to both placebo and the first‑affected eye receiving GS010  change from baseline in OCT and contrast sensitivity as well as quality of life scales.The trial was conducted in multiple centers across Europe/UK (1 each in France  Spain  Italy and the UK)  the US (6 centers) and Taiwan (1 center). The trial planned to enroll 90 subjects with vision loss up to 1 year in duration; 98 subjects were successfully screened and treated. The first subject was treated in March 2018 and the last one in July 2019. Long-term follow-up is ongoing.ClinicalTrials.gov Identifiers:REFLECT: NCT03293524a Data cut-off: February 20  2024 b “GenSight Biologics Confirms Sustained Efficacy and Safety of Bilateral LUMEVOQ® Injections at 3-Year Follow-Up of REFLECT Phase III Trial”  press release  March 13  2023View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240319984906/en/,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.23,0.41,True,English,"['Bilateral LUMEVOQ® Injections', 'GenSight Biologics', 'Sustained Efficacy', 'One-Time Administration', 'Safety', 'REFLECT Phase III clinical trial', 'central nervous system disorders', 'main ocular adverse event', 'REFLECT Phase III trial', 'REFLECT Phase III Study', 'serious ocular adverse events', '4-year 1st affected eye', 'consistent contralateral treatment effect', '2nd affected eye', '1st affected eyes', 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'International Principal Investigator', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'linear mixed model', 'latest REFLECT data', 'Favorable safety profile', 'comparable safety profile', '4 yearsa post-treatment administration', 'other treatment modalities', 'Best-Corrected Visual Acuity', 'average visual acuity', 'innovative gene therapies', 'visual acuity improvement', 'bilateral intravitreal injection', 'lenadogene nolparvovec treatment', '3 years post-treatment administration', 'REFLECT trial', 'bilateral injected patients', 'clinical trials', '+17 ETDRS letters Subjects', 'study discontinuation', 'eye groups', 'bilateral treatment', 'additional effect', 'REFLECT participants', 'LUMEVOQ-treated eyes', 'sham-treated eyes', 'visual improvement', 'one-time administration', 'unilateral treatment', 'single administration', 'Data cut-off', 'gene therapy', 'Bilateral injection', 'placebo eyes', '+20 ETDRS letters', '+19 ETDRS letters', '+14 ETDRS letters', '15 ETDRS letters', 'safety results', 'press release', 'full release', 'Business Wire', 'GenSight Biologics', 'biopharma company', 'responder rates', 'additional benefit', 'Patrick Yu-Wai-Man', '+15 letter threshold', 'RESCUE2 trials', 'sustained effect', 'crucial piece', 'health authorities', 'Laurence Rodriguez', 'durable impact', 'patient adherence', 'natural history', 'spontaneous recovery', 'odds ratio', 'intraocular inflammation', 'meaningful improvement', 'unilateral injection', 'initial efficacy', 'meaningful efficacy', 'LUMEVOQ story', 'meaningful level', 'Regulatory News', 'Responder analyses', 'low likelihood', 'worst BCVA', 'LUMEVOQ® LUMEVOQ®', 'chart vision', '15 letters', 'nadir', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Graph', 'Evolution', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'commercializing', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Professor', 'Ophthalmology', 'University', 'Cambridge', 'findings', 'March', 'difference', 'baseline', 'REVERSE1', 'physicians', 'quality', 'life', 'Table', 'Change', '7 LogMAR', 'Feb', 'outcomes', 'impaired', 'screen', 'drug', 'systemic']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6600048778643164,GenSight Biologics Confirms Sustained Efficacy and Safety of Bilateral LUMEVOQ® Injections Four Years After One-Time Administration,Sustained efficacy 4 years after injection in REFLECT Phase III trial     Continued benefit at 4 years in bilaterally treated patients: clinically meaningful improvement of at least 15 letters relative to their observed nadir     73% of bilaterally tre...,GenSight Biologics Confirms Sustained Efficacy and Safety of Bilateral LUMEVOQ® Injections Four Years After One-Time AdministrationSustained efficacy 4 years after injection in REFLECT Phase III trialContinued benefit at 4 years in bilaterally treated patients: clinically meaningful improvement of at least 15 letters relative to their observed nadir73% of bilaterally treated patients experience clinically meaningful level of improvementFavorable safety profile confirmed at 4 yearsRegulatory News:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240319984906/en/Graph 1: Evolution of Best-Corrected Visual Acuity (BCVA) Over Time – REFLECT Phase III Study (Graphic: Business Wire)GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PME eligible)  a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  today reported initial efficacy and safety results at 4 years a post-treatment administration in the REFLECT Phase III clinical trial with LUMEVOQ ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec). The results show that four years after a one-time administration of the gene therapy  the visual acuity improvement has been sustained while maintaining a favorable safety profile. Bilateral injection provides an additional effect compared to unilateral treatment  demonstrated across all analyses of visual acuity improvement and responder rates.“ The latest REFLECT data confirms that the improvement seen with lenadogene nolparvovec is sustained 4 years after treatment has been given  including the additional benefit observed in participants receiving a bilateral intravitreal injection of the gene therapy  ” said Patrick Yu-Wai-Man  MD  PhD   Professor of Ophthalmology  University of Cambridge and Moorfields Eye Hospital  and International Principal Investigator of REFLECT. “ Importantly  REFLECT participants receiving a bilateral injection had a comparable safety profile to those treated unilaterally. ”The findings reinforce the results observed at 3 years post-treatment administration  which were reported in March 2023 . bSustained and meaningful efficacy at Year 4The evolution of the visual acuity over time shows that visual improvement after lenadogene nolparvovec treatment was maintained over 4 years in all subjects  with the visual acuity of bilateral injected patients remaining better than that of patients who received a unilateral injection. This difference has been observed since Year 1.5.Graph 1: Evolution of Best-Corrected Visual Acuity (BCVA) Over Time – REFLECT Phase III Study(See Graph 1)Compared against nadir (i.e.  the worst BCVA recorded from baseline to Year 4)  average visual acuity for all LUMEVOQ-treated eyes increased beyond the +15 letter threshold that conventionally defines clinically meaningful improvement. The improvement of placebo eyes highlights the consistent contralateral treatment effect observed in all clinical trials (also documented in sham-treated eyes in the REVERSE 1 and RESCUE 2 trials).“ The sustained effect on vision  as observed in the REFLECT trial  is a crucial piece of the LUMEVOQ story for patients  physicians and health authorities  ” commented Laurence Rodriguez   Chief Executive Officer of GenSight Biologics. “ The durable impact from a single administration differentiates gene therapy from other treatment modalities  facilitating patient adherence and improving quality of life .”Table 1: Change in Best-Corrected Visual Acuity (BCVA) versus Nadir 4 Years after Injection4-year 1 st affected eye 2 nd affected eye Subjects bilaterally injected with LUMEVOQ ® LUMEVOQ ®- 0.40 LogMAR+20 ETDRS letters LUMEVOQ ®-0.34 LogMAR+17 ETDRS letters Subjects unilaterally injected with LUMEVOQ ® LUMEVOQ ®-0.38 LogMAR+19 ETDRS letters PLACEBO-0.27 LogMAR+14 ETDRS letters Data cut-off: Feb 20  2024. Subjects bilaterally treated: 1st affected eyes: n=48; 2 nd affected eyes: n=48; subjects unilaterally treated: 1 st affected eyes: n=50; 2 nd affected eyes: n=50. p<0.0001 for all eye groups using linear mixed model.Responder analyses reinforce the finding of improved outcomes for patients  for whom natural history typically results in greatly impaired vision with a very low likelihood of spontaneous recovery. 3 Four years after a bilateral injection  73% of patients had experienced a clinically meaningful improvement of at least -0.3 LogMAR (+15 ETDRS letters) relative to their observed nadir. 81% of bilaterally treated patients are able to read letters on a screen (on-chart vision)  with the likelihood of reaching this level of vision being twice as high with bilateral treatment versus a unilateral injection (odds ratio: 2.0 [0.7; 5.5]).Favorable safety profileThe favorable safety profile of LUMEVOQ ® continued to be confirmed  with the safety profile of the drug being demonstrated as comparable in bilaterally and unilaterally treated subjects. There was no study discontinuation related to systemic or ocular adverse events  and there were no serious ocular adverse events. The main ocular adverse event was intraocular inflammation  which was mostly mild and responsive to conventional treatment.REFLECT is a randomized  double-masked  placebo-controlled Phase III trial involving 98 subjects with vision loss due to Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON) caused by a mutated ND4 mitochondrial gene; enrolled ND4 subjects had vision loss up to one year from onset. All subjects received an intravitreal injection (IVT) of lenadogene nolparvovec in their first affected eye. The second affected eye was randomized to either a second IVT of LUMEVOQ ® or a placebo IVT  which was administered on the same day or the following day. 48 subjects were randomized to LUMEVOQ ® bilateral treatment  and 50 to lenadogene nolparvovec unilateral treatment (first-affected eye treated with LUMEVOQ ®   second-affected eye treated with placebo). REFLECT patients will be followed up to 5 years post-injection to monitor the efficacy and safety of LUMEVOQ ® over time.References: Yu-Wai-Man P  Newman NJ  Carelli V  Moster ML  Biousse V  Sadun AA  et al. Bilateral visual improvement with unilateral gene therapy injection for Leber hereditary optic neuropathy. Sci Transl Med. (2020) 12:eaaz7423. doi: 10.1126/scitranslmed.aaz7423 Newman NJ  Yu-Wai-Man P  Carelli V  Moster ML  Biousse V  Vignal-Clermont C  et al. Efficacy and safety of intravitreal gene therapy for Leber hereditary optic neuropathy treated within 6 months of disease onset. Ophthalmology (2021) 128:649–60. doi: 10.1016/j.ophtha.2020.12.012. Newman NJ  Carelli V  Taiel M  Yu-Wai-Man P. Visual outcomes in Leber hereditary optic neuropathy subjects with the m.11778G>A (MTND4) mitochondrial DNA mutation. J Neuro-Ohthalmol. (2020) 40:547–57. doi: 10.1097/WNO.0000000000001045.About GenSight BiologicsGenSight Biologics S.A. is a clinical-stage biopharma company focused on discovering and developing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders. GenSight Biologics’ pipeline leverages two core technology platforms  the Mitochondrial Targeting Sequence (MTS) and optogenetics  to help preserve or restore vision in patients suffering from blinding retinal diseases. GenSight Biologics’ lead product candidate  GS010  is in Phase III trials in Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)  a rare mitochondrial disease that leads to irreversible blindness in teens and young adults. Using its gene therapy-based approach  GenSight Biologics’ product candidates are designed to be administered in a single treatment to each eye by intravitreal injection to offer patients a sustainable functional visual recovery.About Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON)Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON) is a rare maternally inherited mitochondrial genetic disease  characterized by the degeneration of retinal ganglion cells that results in brutal and irreversible vision loss that can lead to legal blindness  and mainly affects adolescents and young adults. LHON is associated with painless  sudden loss of central vision in the 1 st eye  with the 2 nd eye sequentially impaired. It is a symmetric disease with poor functional visual recovery. 97% of subjects have bilateral involvement at less than one year of onset of vision loss  and in 25% of cases  vision loss occurs in both eyes simultaneously.About LUMEVOQ ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec)LUMEVOQ ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec) targets Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON) by leveraging a mitochondrial targeting sequence (MTS) proprietary technology platform  arising from research conducted at the Institut de la Vision in Paris  which  when associated with the gene of interest  allows the platform to specifically address defects inside the mitochondria using an AAV vector (Adeno-Associated Virus). The gene of interest is transferred into the cell to be expressed and produces the functional protein  which will then be shuttled to the mitochondria through specific nucleotidic sequences in order to restore the missing or deficient mitochondrial function. “LUMEVOQ” was accepted as the invented name for GS010 (lenadogene nolparvovec) by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in October 2018. LUMEVOQ® (GS010; lenadogene nolparvovec) has not been registered in any country at this stage.About REFLECTREFLECT is a multi-center  randomized  double-masked  placebo-controlled study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of bilateral injections of GS010 in subjects with LHON due to the NADH dehydrogenase 4 ( ND4 ) mutation. In the active arm  GS010 was administered as a single intravitreal injection in each eye of each subject. In the placebo arm  GS010 was administered as a single intravitreal injection to the first affected eye  while the fellow eye received a placebo injection.The primary endpoint for the REFLECT trial is the BCVA reported in LogMAR at 1.5 years (78 weeks) post-treatment in the second‑affected/not‑yet‑affected eye. The change from baseline in second‑affected/not‑yet‑affected eyes receiving GS010 and placebo is the primary response of interest. The secondary efficacy endpoints include: change from baseline in BCVA reported in LogMAR at 2  3  4 and 5 years post-treatment in the second‑affected/not‑yet‑affected eye compared to both placebo and the first‑affected eye receiving GS010  change from baseline in OCT and contrast sensitivity as well as quality of life scales.The trial was conducted in multiple centers across Europe/UK (1 each in France  Spain  Italy and the UK)  the US (6 centers) and Taiwan (1 center). The trial planned to enroll 90 subjects with vision loss up to 1 year in duration; 98 subjects were successfully screened and treated. The first subject was treated in March 2018 and the last one in July 2019. Long-term follow-up is ongoing.ClinicalTrials.gov Identifiers:REFLECT: NCT03293524a Data cut-off: February 20  2024 b “ GenSight Biologics Confirms Sustained Efficacy and Safety of Bilateral LUMEVOQ® Injections at 3-Year Follow-Up of REFLECT Phase III Trial ”  press release  March 13  2023View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240319984906/en/GenSight BiologicsChief Financial OfficerIvan Tortetitortet@GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS.comLifeSci AdvisorsInvestor RelationsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 (0)76 735 01 31,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.23,0.16,True,English,"['Bilateral LUMEVOQ® Injections', 'GenSight Biologics', 'Sustained Efficacy', 'One-Time Administration', 'Safety', 'REFLECT Phase III trial Continued benefit', 'REFLECT Phase III clinical trial', 'REFLECT Phase III Study', 'central nervous system disorders', 'consistent contralateral treatment effect', 'Injection 4-year 1 st affected', 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', 'International Principal Investigator', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'linear mixed model', 'latest REFLECT data', '1st affected eyes', '2 nd affected eyes', 'other treatment modalities', 'Best-Corrected Visual Acuity', 'average visual acuity', 'Favorable safety profile', 'comparable safety profile', 'innovative gene therapies', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'REFLECT trial', 'bilateral intravitreal injection', 'visual acuity improvement', 'lenadogene nolparvovec treatment', 'One-Time Administration Sustained', 'Bilateral LUMEVOQ® Injections', 'bilateral injected patients', '3 years post-treatment administration', 'additional benefit', 'clinical trials', '+17 ETDRS letters Subjects', 'study discontinuation', 'bilateral treatment', 'REFLECT participants', 'Bilateral injection', 'additional effect', 'sustained effect', 'visual improvement', 'unilateral treatment', 'Data cut-off', 'single administration', 'LUMEVOQ-treated eyes', 'sham-treated eyes', 'gene therapy', 'unilateral injection', '+20 ETDRS letters', '+19 ETDRS letters', '+14 ETDRS letters', 'GenSight Biologics', 'press release', 'full release', 'Business Wire', 'biopharma company', 'responder rates', 'Patrick Yu-Wai-Man', '+15 letter threshold', 'RESCUE 2 trials', 'crucial piece', 'health authorities', 'Laurence Rodriguez', 'durable impact', 'patient adherence', 'improved outcomes', 'natural history', 'spontaneous recovery', 'odds ratio', 'meaningful improvement', 'safety results', 'placebo eyes', 'Sustained Efficacy', 'initial efficacy', 'meaningful efficacy', 'eye groups', 'meaningful level', 'Regulatory News', 'Responder analyses', 'impaired vision', 'low likelihood', 'chart vision', 'LUMEVOQ story', 'worst BCVA', '15 letters', '4 years', 'LUMEVOQ ®', 'nadir', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Graph', 'Evolution', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PME', 'commercializing', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Professor', 'Ophthalmology', 'University', 'Cambridge', 'findings', 'March', 'difference', 'baseline', 'REVERSE 1', 'physicians', 'quality', 'life', 'Table', 'Change', '0.40 LogMAR', '7 LogMAR', 'Feb', 'screen', 'drug', 'systemi']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,investorsobserver.com
37909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GUERBET-5011/news/Guerbet-2023-full-year-results-46244293/,Guerbet: 2023 full-year results. -March 20  2024 at 12:46 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) GuerbetGuerbet: 2023 full-year results. 20-March-2024 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. 2023 full-y…,GuerbetGuerbet: 2023 full-year results.20-March-2024 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.2023 full-year results Solid business growth Full-year revenue: €785.7m  up 5.9% on a like-for-like basis and at CER [1]   in line with the announced target (> 5%)[1] Strong momentum in Asia (+15.9% at CER) and EMEA (+6.0%)  and stable sales in the Americas (-1.4%) thanks to strong catch-up in Q4 Profitability above guidance The restated EBITDA margin [2] was 13.1%  above the announced target (around 11%) Confirmation of the outlook for 2024 Revenue: growth to surpass 8% on a like-for-like basis and at CERProfitability: restated EBITDA margin to return to a higher level than in 2021 (14.4%) Villepinte  20 March 2024: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and solutions for medical imaging  is publishing its consolidated financial statements for the 2023 financial year. Full-year revenue came to €785.7m  up 4.3% compared with 2022. Growth reached 6.4% at constant exchange rates (CER1)  after stripping out an unfavourable currency effect of €15.5m  largely due to Asian currencies On a like-for-like basis  i.e. excluding the integration of Intrasense which was consolidated on 1 January 2023  and at CER  revenue growth for the year was 5.9%  perfectly in line with the announced target (> 5%). Underpinned by a combined increase in volumes and prices  this full-year performance is the result of a significantly accelerated second half  particularly in the fourth quarter (+17.9% at CER). In the EMEA region  activity was up 6.0% at CER in 2023  thanks to higher volumes and prices throughout the year. In the Americas  the slight decline in full-year sales (-1.4% at CER) resulted from the remarkable catch-up in the fourth quarter (+39%)  in connection with the increase in production capacity (around 20%) at the Raleigh site in North Carolina. In Asia  growth was very strong (+15.9% at CER) and driven by the excellent performance of China (+33.7%) after the implementation of the direct distribution model in 2022. By business activity  the increase in revenue in Diagnostic Imaging (+6.3% at CER) in 2023 resulted from: For the MRI division   growth over the full year of 5.2% at CER  marked by a sharp acceleration in the fourth quarter (+28.6%)  in connection with the recovery in sales of Dotarem® in the United States and the ramp-up of Elucirem TM .For the X-ray division   growth of 7.0% at CER  driven by sales of Xenetix ® . In Interventional Imaging  growth reached 6.6% at CER in 2023 (after +8.1% in 2022)  reflecting ongoing positive momentum for Lipiodol®. In € millions Consolidated financial statements (IFRS) 2022 Reported 2023 Reported Revenue 753.3 785.7 EBITDA* 103.1 98.8 % of revenue 13.7% 12.6% Operating income (expense) (18.2) 38.7 % of revenue NS 4.9% Net income/(loss) (41.1) 22.2 % of revenue NS 2.8% Net debt 270.4 335.8 * EBITDA = Operating income before depreciation  amortisation and provisions NB: The consolidated financial statements have been audited. The report certifying the financial statements is currently being prepared. EBITDA margin held up well and net income moved distinctly back into positive territory The Group reported an EBITDA margin for 2023 of 12.6%. After restatement for non-recurring costs related to the optimisation of the operating plan and changes in the sales model  the EBITDA margin for 2023 exceeded the announced target (around 11%) at 13.1% compared with 13.8% in 2022. The fall in operating profitability mainly reflects the inflation observed on raw materials (iodine in particular)  components and packaging  but also personnel costs. However  this increase in costs was partially offset by the positive change in the product mix and higher selling prices  particularly in the X-ray segment  as well as good control of fixed costs. The Group’s operating income came to €38.7m in 2023  compared with a loss of €18.2m the previous year. As a reminder  the 2022 financial year was marked by significant asset impairments (€58.8m in total) relating to software developed with Merative (formerly IBM Watson)  Accurate Medical Therapeutics and Occlugel. At 31 December 2023  Guerbet's net income stood at €22.2m  compared with a loss of €41.1m in 2022. It includes higher financial expenses and a gain on currency hedging. Positive free cash flow in the second half of 2023 At 31 December 2023  equity totalled €378m compared with €380m a year earlier. The increase in the Group’s net debt to €336m  compared with €270 million the previous year  resulted from a higher working capital requirement (WCR)  mainly linked to the increase in inventories (critical materials  EluciremTM). Free cash flow for full-year 2023 stood at -€65.4m  having entered positive territory in the second half at +€6.6m. The Board of Directors will propose the payment of a dividend of €0.50 per share in respect of 2023 at the Shareholders’ Meeting on 24 May 2024  stable in relation to the previous year. 2024: strategic course maintained  acceleration of growth and increase in profitability During the past financial year  Guerbet reached several important strategic milestones  with the commercial launch of EluciremTM in the United States and its approval in key European markets (EU  UK  Switzerland  etc.)  a strengthening of the Group’s positions in Asia (particularly in China)  and the investment in Intrasense. Guerbet’s teams will continue to work steadfastly throughout 2024 to implement the major strategic priorities set for each activity: In Diagnostic Imaging  to strengthen its leadership in MRI   in which Guerbet plans to increase its market share through its comprehensive and unique macrocyclical product portfolio  and in particular the double positioning of Dotarem ® / Elucirem TM ; In Interventional Imaging  to further expand the potential of Lipiodol ®   with a focus on R&D in new applications and accelerated commercial development of the most promising indications  such as vascular embolisation; In Artificial Intelligence  to market Guerbet solutions (helps detect prostate and pancreatic cancers  as well as liver and bone lesions)  initially via Intrasense's Myrian ® platform  starting this year. Financially  after comfortably achieving the business and profitability targets it had set for 2023  the Group is looking to 2024 with increased confidence. In a structurally buoyant market for contrast products  Guerbet’s business will be underpinned by the ramp-up of the MRI franchise  the expected return to growth in Optiray® sales  and the continuation of strong momentum for Lipiodol®. Operating profitability should benefit from a further favourable change in the product mix  additional price increases and continued good financial discipline. Finally  with inventories set to gradually normalise and investment levels set to stabilise  cash generation is expected to increase. In this context  Guerbet confirmed that it expects revenue growth of more than 8% in 2024 at constant scope and CER and a higher restated EBITDA margin rate than in 2021 (14.4%). Lastly  free cash flow is expected to be in positive territory over the full year. Next event : Investor presentation 21 March 2024 Publication of 1st quarter 2024 revenue 25 April 2024 after market close About Guerbet At Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a leader in medical imaging worldwide  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. A pioneer in contrast media for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 10% of our sales to research and development in four centres in France  the United States and Israel. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B–mid caps) and generated €786 million in revenue in 2023. Forward-looking statements Certain information contained in this press release does not reflect historical data but constitutes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates  forecasts  and assumptions  including but not limited to assumptions about the current and future strategy of the Group and the economic environment in which the Group operates. They involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that may result in a significant difference between the Group’s actual performance and results and those presented explicitly or implicitly by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are valid only as of the date of this press release  and the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or commitment to publish an update or revision of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect changes in their underlying assumptions  events  conditions  or circumstances. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are for illustrative purposes only. Forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Group’s control. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analyses (including after a marketing authorization is granted)  decisions by regulatory authorities (such as the US Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency) regarding whether and when to approve any application for a drug  process  or biological product filed for any such product candidates  and their decisions regarding labeling and other factors that may affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. A detailed description of the risks and uncertainties related to the Group’s activities can be found in Chapter 4.9 “Risk factors” of the Group’s Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF (French financial markets authority) under number D.23-0203 on March 31  2023  available on the Group’s website (www.guerbet.com). [1]Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous financial year. [2]Excluding non-recurring costs related to the optimisation of the operating plan and changes in the sales model.Contacts:GuerbetJérôme Estampes  Chief Financial Officer +33 1 45 91 50 00 / jerome.estampes@guerbet.comChristine Allard  Head of Communications +33 6 30 11 57 82 / christine.allard@guerbet.comActifinMarianne Py  Financial Communications +33 1 80 48 25 31 / marianne.py@seitosei-actifin.comJennifer Jullia  Press +33.1.56.88.11.19 / jennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comRegulatory filing PDF fileFile: 24 03-20 CP GBT RA VDEF EN 02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.62,0.22,0.17,True,English,"['2023 full-year results', 'Guerbet', 'March', '12:46', 'higher working capital requirement', 'Positive free cash flow', 'French Regulatory News', 'constant exchange rates', 'significant asset impairments', 'unfavourable currency effect', 'direct distribution model', 'Accurate Medical Therapeutics', 'higher financial expenses', 'consolidated financial statements', 'ongoing positive momentum', 'higher selling prices', 'Solid business growth', 'higher level', 'positive territory', 'positive change', 'Strong momentum', 'medical imaging', 'currency hedging', 'higher volumes', '2023 financial year', '2022 financial year', 'sales model', 'strong catch-up', 'Q4 Profitability', 'FR0000032526 GBT', 'global specialist', 'contrast agents', 'Asian currencies', 'second half', 'fourth quarter', 'slight decline', 'remarkable catch-up', 'production capacity', 'Raleigh site', 'North Carolina', 'excellent performance', 'business activity', 'Diagnostic Imaging', 'MRI division', 'sharp acceleration', 'United States', 'Elucirem TM', 'X-ray division', 'Interventional Imaging', 'Operating income', 'Net income', 'Net debt', 'operating plan', 'operating profitability', 'raw materials', 'product mix', 'X-ray segment', 'good control', 'IBM Watson', 'critical materials', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', '2023 full-year results', 'full-year performance', 'EQS Group', 'The Group', 'non-recurring costs', 'personnel costs', 'fixed costs', 'EBITDA margin', 'full year', 'stable sales', 'EMEA region', 'full-year sales', 'Full-year revenue', 'combined increase', 'previous year', 'CER Profitability', 'revenue growth', '5.7 EBITDA', '2024 Revenue', 'Guerbet', 'CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'basis', 'target', 'Americas', 'guidance', 'Confirmation', 'outlook', 'Villepinte', '20 March', 'solutions', 'integration', 'Intrasense', '1 January', 'connection', 'China', 'implementation', 'recovery', 'Dotarem®', 'ramp-up', 'Xenetix ®', 'Lipiodol®', 'IFRS', 'loss', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'provisions', 'NB', 'report', 'restatement', 'optimisation', 'changes', 'fall', 'inflation', 'iodine', 'components', 'packaging', 'reminder', 'total', 'software', 'Merative', 'Occlugel', '31 December', 'gain', 'equity', 'WCR', 'inventories', 'EluciremTM', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', 'dividend', 'respect', '24 May', 'relation', '€']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VETOQUINOL-SA-36676/news/Vetoquinol-2023-Annual-Results-46244292/,Vetoquinol: 2023 Annual Results -March 20  2024 at 12:46 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Vetoquinol :Annual sales: €529 million Essentials sales: €313m Net income - Group share: €56m EBITDA: €113m Free Cash flow: €89 mMatthieu Frechin  Chairman and CEO of Vetoquinol  commented: “In 2023  Essentia…,"Regulatory News:Vetoquinol (Paris:VETO):Annual sales: €529 million (stable at constant exchange rates)Essentials sales: €313m (+4.5% at constant exchange rates)Net income - Group share: €56m (10.5% of sales)EBITDA: €113m (21.3% of sales)Free Cash flow: €89 mMatthieu Frechin  Chairman and CEO of Vetoquinol  commented: “In 2023  Essentials and the USA  our growth engines  recorded a tenth consecutive year of progression  thanks to a good 2nd half-year. This momentum has enabled us to deliver again a solid operating profitability in 2023  and to improve our cashflow generation. We intend to pursue this strategy with determination  intensifying the development of our Essentials portfolio and their territory extensions  particularly in the United States.""The Board of Directors of Vetoquinol SA met on March 19  2024 to review business activity and approve the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023. The audit procedures are currently being finalized by the Statutory Auditors.Vetoquinol sales for FY 2023 were €529 million  stable at constant exchange rates and down -1.9% on a reported basis. Foreign exchange had a negative impact of €10 million  linked to the Americas and Asia-Pacific/Rest of World territories. Rationalization of the complementary products had a negative impact of around -11 M€ on annual sales. The good level of sales in 2023 2nd half-year  up +4.5% at constant exchange rates  offset a first half disrupted by cyclical phenomena  notably the impact of the ERP changeover in the second quarter.Sales growth was driven by the performance of Essentials and the USA which over the past 10 years grew in average by more than 10% and today account for more than 70% of Vetoquinol Group sales.At December 31  2023  sales of Essentials totaled €313 million  up +4.5% at constant exchange rates and +2.9% on a reported basis.By the end of December 2023  sales of Essentials represented over 59% of the laboratory's sales  compared with 56% for the same period in 2022.The second half of the year was particularly buoyant  with organic growth of +10% for Essentials  which benefited from the successful launches of Felpreva®  an anti-parasite for cats in Europe  and Simplera®  a drug indicated for the treatment of otitis in dogs in the United States.The strong performance of Essentials in the United States in 2023 has enabled our total US sales to exceed €120M (2023 published data)  up over 10% (at constant exchange rate) on the previous year  and consolidate its position as the Group's 1st market. Developed as a strategic market by Vetoquinol since 2014  business in the United States has more than doubled in 10 years.Over the full 12 months of 2023 and at constant exchange rates  the European territory was stable at -0.3% (vs. -5.5% in H1 2023)  the Americas territory grew by +5.1% (vs. +2.3% in H1 2023) and the Asia-Pacific/Rest of World territory declined by -10.0% (vs. -16.3% in H1 2023)  mainly due to the distributor business.Sales of products for companion animals (€372m) rose by +3.6% at constant exchange rates (vs. -0.4% in H1 2023) and accounted for 70.2% of the laboratory's total sales; these sales were up by +7.5% in the 2nd half-year. Sales to farm animals came to €157m  down -7.6% at constant exchange rates (vs. -13.8% in H1 2023); these sales were down slightly by -1.7% in the 2nd half-year.The gross margin on purchases is stable at 70.6% compared with the same period in fiscal year 2022  with significant disparities recorded in fiscal year 2023; margin gains linked to currency impacts for 7 M€ vs. a loss of 16 M€ in 2022  higher sales prices  lower volumes and the positive impact of inventory reduction resulting in a -10 M€ drop in inventoried production.The results for the year 2023 are also impacted by a production activity lower than the laboratory's so-called normal activity. Also  the product mix by plant was different from 2022.Other purchases and external charges were down slightly (-1.5%)  by €1.6 million  mainly due to lower sales despite the inflationary context.Personnel costs rose by +3.2%  or +4.9 M€ compared with 2022  and represented 29.7% of 2023 sales. This increase is mainly due to salary increases implemented by the Group in 2023.Depreciation and amortization charges resulting from the application of IFRS 16 generated a depreciation expense of €5.9m  compared with €5.7m at the end of December 2022.EBIT before amortization of intangible assets acquired amounted to €85.0m  for the year ended December 31  2023  or 16.1% of 2023 sales. (2022: €98.6M  18.3% of sales)Depreciation and amortization of assets acquired amounted to +€13.4m  vs. +€14.1m at the end of December 2022. These mainly comprise depreciation of assets linked to the Drontal® and Profender® products.Group EBIT stood at €71.6m (13.5% of sales)  compared with €84.6m for fiscal 2022.Group operating income for 2023 was €74.3m (14.0%)  compared with €74m in 2022.R&D expenditure recorded in 2023 amounted to €40.1m  or 7.6% of sales vs. 6.0% in 2022. This increase reflects the Group's determination to sustainably increase investment to support innovation.The apparent tax rate was 27.7% (vs. 34.0% at end December 2022). Adjusted for non-recurring items  the apparent tax rate was 28.7%.EBITDA stood at €113.0 million at December 31  2023  or 21.3% of sales. It takes into account the outcome of the renegotiation of the final acquisition price of Clarion in Brazil  with a gain of +€6.1 million (1.2pt).Net income for the Vetoquinol laboratory came to €55.6 million  or 10.5% of 2023 sales  after taking into account non-recurring items of €2.6 million and financial income of €2.6 million.At the end of December 2023  the Vetoquinol Group had an overall net cash position of €130.0 million (including IFRS 16)  up €53.6 million on the end of 2022.Vetoquinol has a solid financial structure to pursue its growth strategy  which is based on two pillars: the development of Essential products (new product launches  ramp-ups and geographic extensions) and the continued strengthening of the laboratory in the United States. It also has the means to finance its external growth ambitions.The Board of Directors will propose a dividend of €0.85 per share at the Annual General Meeting on May 28  2024.The 2023 Annual Results presentation is available on the laboratory's website:https://www.vetoquinol.com/en/investorsNext publication: sales 1st quarter 2024  April 29  2024 after market closeABOUT VETOQUINOLVetoquinol is a leading global animal health company that supplies drugs and non-medicinal products for the farm animals (cattle and pigs) and pet (dogs and cats) markets. As an independent pure player  Vetoquinol designs  develops and sells veterinary drugs and non-medicinal products in Europe  the Americas and the Asia Pacific region. Since its foundation in 1933  Vetoquinol has pursued a strategy combining innovation with geographical diversification. The Group’s hybrid growth is driven by the reinforcement of its product portfolio coupled with acquisitions in high potential growth markets. At December 31  2023  Vetoquinol employed 2 483 people.Vetoquinol has been listed on Euronext Paris since 2006 (symbol: VETO).The Vetoquinol share is eligible for the French PEA and PEA-PME personal equity plans.APPENDIXSALESIn millions of euros 2023 2022 Change on areported basis Change at constantexchange rates Sales 1er quarter 145 4 135 0 +7 7% +7 2% Sales 2e quarter 110 8 135 8 -18 3% -16 3% Sales 3e quarter 135 8 134 1 +1 3% +5 1% Sales 4e quarter 137 3 134 9 +1 7% +3 9% Annual sales 529 3 539 8 -1 9% -0 1%SIMPLIFIED INCOME STATEMENTIn millions of euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Variation Total sales of which Essentials 529 3 313 0 539 8 304 2 -1 9% +2 9% EBIT before amortization of acquired assets in % of total sales 85 0 16 1 98 6 18 3 -13 7% Net income  Group share in % of total sales 55 6 10 5 48 0 8 9 +15 7% EBITDA in % of total sales 113 0 21 3 118 0 21 9 -4 3%EBITDA RECONCILIATIONIn millions of euros 31/12/2023 31/12/2022 Net income before equity method 55 6 48 0 Income tax expense 21 6 24 7 Net financial income (2 6) 1 3 Provisions recognized in other operating income and expenses 3 6 10 4 Charges to and reversals of provisions 3 5 2 1 Depreciation and amortization (including IFRS 16) 31 6 31 5 EBITDA 113 0 118 0ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORSVetoquinol Group management considers that these indicators  which are not defined by IFRS  provide additional information that is relevant for shareholders seeking to analyze underlying trends and Group performance and financial position. They are used by management for performance analysis.Essentials products:The products referred to as “Essentials” comprise veterinary drugs and non-medical products sold by the Vetoquinol Group. They are existing or potential market-leading products designed to meet the daily requirements of vets in the companion animal or livestock sector. They are intended for sale worldwide and their scale effect improves their economic performance.Constant exchange rates:Application of the previous period’s exchange rates to the current financial year  all other things remaining equal.Like-for-like (LFL) growth: Year-on-year sales growth in terms of volume and/or price at constant consolidation scope and exchange rates.EBIT before amortization of acquired assets: This KPI isolates the non-cash impact of depreciation charges on intangible assets arising from mergers and acquisitions.Net cash: Cash and cash equivalents less bank overdrafts and borrowings  pursuant to IFRS 16.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320549748/en/",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.21,0.46,True,English,"['2023 Annual Results', 'Vetoquinol', 'March', '12:46', 'Free Cash flow', 'solid operating profitability', 'R&D expenditure', 'constant exchange rates', 'tenth consecutive year', 'higher sales prices', 'Group operating income', 'total US sales', 'good 2nd half-year', 'Vetoquinol Group sales', 'Foreign exchange', 'Net income', 'good level', '2023 2nd half-year', 'total sales', 'Regulatory News', 'Matthieu Frechin', 'growth engines', 'cashflow generation', 'territory extensions', 'United States', 'financial statements', 'audit procedures', 'Statutory Auditors', 'World territories', 'first half', 'cyclical phenomena', 'ERP changeover', 'second quarter', 'same period', 'second half', 'organic growth', 'successful launches', '1st market', 'strategic market', 'full 12 months', 'European territory', 'World territory', 'companion animals', 'farm animals', 'gross margin', 'significant disparities', 'margin gains', 'currency impacts', 'lower volumes', 'inventory reduction', 'inventoried production', 'production activity', 'normal activity', 'product mix', 'external charges', 'inflationary context', 'Personnel costs', 'salary increases', 'Group share', 'negative impact', 'positive impact', 'Vetoquinol SA', 'business activity', 'complementary products', 'distributor business', 'Profender® products', 'previous year', 'Annual sales', 'Sales growth', 'lower sales', 'past 10 years', 'strong performance', 'Americas territory', 'Other purchases', 'Group EBIT', 'amortization charges', 'intangible assets', 'fiscal year', 'Essentials portfolio', 'depreciation expense', 'Essentials sales', '2023 sales', 'Paris', 'EBITDA', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'USA', 'progression', 'momentum', 'strategy', 'determination', 'development', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', 'FY', 'basis', 'Asia-Pacific/Rest', 'Rationalization', 'December', 'laboratory', 'Felpreva®', 'anti-parasite', 'cats', 'Simplera®', 'drug', 'treatment', 'otitis', 'dogs', 'data', 'position', 'H1', '7 M€', 'loss', '16 M', 'results', 'plant', '9 M', 'application', 'IFRS', 'Drontal®', '18.']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AUBAY-4706/news/Aubay-2023-annual-results-Operating-margin-from-ordinary-activities-8-9-Net-income-attri-46244565/,Aubay :  2023 annual results : Operating margin from ordinary activities: 8.9% - Net income attributable to owners of the parent: EUR 33.4 million - Record net cash: EUR 93 million - Dividend maintained at EUR 1.20 per share,(marketscreener.com)  In € thousands20232022ChangeRevenue534 116513 547+4.0%Operating profit from ordinary activities47 38553 168-10.9%As a % of revenue8.9%10.4% Cost of performance shares Other operating income and expenses…,"In € thousands 2023 2022 Change Revenue 534 116 513 547 +4.0% Operating profit from ordinary activities 47 385 53 168 -10.9% As a % of revenue 8.9% 10.4% Cost of performance shares (1 328) (1 606) Other operating income and expenses (3 728) (1 478) Operating profit 42 329 50 084 -15.5% Financial income/(expense) 1 047 (681) Tax (expense)/income (9 968) (13 774) Net income from consolidated companies 33 408 35 629 -6.2% As a % of revenue 6.3% 6.9% Net income attributable to owners of the parent 33 408 35 629 Headcount 7 779 7 819 -0.5% Net cash 92 992 83 410 +11.5%Aubay's Board of Directors  which met on March 20  2024 under Chairman Christian Aubert  approved the statutory and consolidated financial statements for 2023. The financial statements have been audited by the Statutory Auditors and the auditors' report will be issued once the procedures required to publish the company's Universal Registration Document have been completed.2023 ended with a solid performance  demonstrating the Group's ability to adapt and seize opportunities in a more challenging market environment  particularly in the second and third quarters  after the exceptional momentum of 2021 and 2022.Annual revenue amounted to €534.1 million  up 4.0% in purely organic terms  with dynamic growth of 6.5% in France (to €280.5 million) and 1.4% internationally (to €253.6 million)  with Italy in the process of stabilizing its business.Operating margin from ordinary activities at 8.9%  at the higher end of the forecast rangeAgainst this backdrop  the management resources deployed by the Group and the achievement of a slightly better-than-expected productivity rate enabled operating margin from ordinary activities to be at the top end of the range revised in October.At 8.9%  it remains among the highest on the market. Aubay thus demonstrates its resilience confronted with external impacts  maintaining a good ratio between the evolution of its sales prices and its average salary in a more normalized environment.Operating profit: €42.3 millionOperating profit came to €42.3 million  including the cost of free shares  down on the previous year at €1.3 million (vs. €1.6 million in 2022)  and an exceptional restructuring provision in Italy of €1.6 million.Net margin maintained at 6.3%Group financial loss improved with a growth of €1.0 million after a loss of €0.7 million in 2022  including €1.8 million in financial income from cash investments and €0.8 million in financial expenses  half of which relates to IFRS 16 debts. Tax rate fell from 28% to 23% across the Group. Net income attributable to owners of the parent  came to €33.4 million  down by a moderate 6.2% compared to last year's record level net income (€35.6 million).Financial positionCash flow generated by the Group's activities reached an exceptional €41.7 million (vs. €33.9 million in 2022)  enabling net cash to exceed the Group's expectations  at €93.0 million  after dividend payments of €15.9 million and the cancellation of treasury shares for the amount of €8.6 million (reminder: 239 850 cancelled shares on December 28  2023).Proposed dividend of €1.20 per share maintainedIn light of this solidly maintained performance and the Group's high cash-assets  the Board of Directors has decided to propose an unchanged dividend of €1.20 per share in respect of 2023 to the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 14  2024  representing a payout ratio of 47% of net income. Taking into account the interim dividend of €0.50 per share paid on November 10  2023  the balance to be paid will amount to €0.70 per share.CSR strategy guided by an ambitious roadmapAubay has delivered another year of responsible and sustainable growth and improved all of its roadmap indicators:Environment Social Governance Electrical consumption DIVERSITY (percentage of women in management)vs. 33% in 2022 % of women inmanagement positions -26% down vs. 2018 35% 44% Paper consumption INCLUSION (employment rateof disabled peoplein France)vs. 3.2% in 2022 Anti-corruptiontraining rate -77% down vs. 2018 3.3% 96% Transition towardsrenewable energy TRAINING (in hours)vs. 2022 68% of renewable energy siteson the rise +21% SPONSORSHIP (in value)vs. 2022 +22%These excellent performances have been recognized by the main rating agencies:ecovadis 2023 Score : 78/100 Platinum medal EthiFinance 2023 Score : 68/100 Humpact 2023 Score : 4.5/5 Ranked 27th/295 CDP 2023 Score : B score Vs C in 2022Outlook for 2024Aubay continues to evolve in a market marked by the cautiousness of its major customers  particularly in the banking sector. There are a high number of projects  but cost management remains a key issue for several of the Group's strategic customers.In this demanding market  2024 performance will nevertheless benefit from a positive calendar effect (+2 days on average)  and the Group will maintain a constant focus over its productivity and the preservation of its margins.Against this backdrop  our ambition for 2024 remains to post revenue of between €534 and €550 million and an operating margin of between 8.5% and 9.5%.Aubay will publish its 2024 first-quarter revenue on April 24  2024 after the close of trading.GlossaryOrganic revenue growth: This refers to growth calculated for a constant scope of activity for a given period  excluding revenues from companies that were acquired or sold during the period. As Aubay conducts most of its business in the euro zone  any impact from changes in exchange rates is minimal.2023 Organic growth +4.0% Impact of changes in scope - Growth as reported +4.0%Operating profit from ordinary activities: this indicator corresponds to operating profit before the cost of free shares and other income and expenses that are unusual  abnormal or infrequent and that are booked separately in order to facilitate understanding of an entity's recurring operating performance.Operating margin from ordinary activities: this indicator  which is expressed as a percentage  is the ratio of operating income from ordinary activities to revenue.Net debt or net cash (excluding rental liabilities): this indicator represents the difference between an entity's cash and debt. If the result is negative  it is referred to as net debt. If it is positive  it is referred to as net cash.About AubayAubay is a digital services company working alongside some of the biggest names in the Banking  Finance  Insurance  Manufacturing  Energy  Transport and Telecoms sectors. With 7 779 employees in seven countries at December 31  2023 (France  Belgium  Luxembourg  Italy  Spain  Portugal and the United Kingdom). Aubay generated revenue of €534.1 million in 2023.Euronext  Compartment: B - ISIN FR0000063737-AUB - Reuters : AUBT.PA - Bloomberg AUB:FPEuronext Tech LeadersContactsAmaury Dugast – Actus Finance – Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74 - adugast@actus.frDavid Fuks – Co-Chief Operating Officer – Finance Department – Tel.: +33 (0)1 46 10 67 67 – E-mail: dfuks@aubay.comAPPENDICESStatement of financial position as of December 31  202 3 ASSETS (in € thousands) Dec. 31  2023 Dec. 31  2022 Goodwill 131 305 131 305 Intangible assets 884 597 Property  plant & equipment 4 283 4 978 Right of use relating to leases 19 829 13 850 Equity-accounted investees - - Other financial assets 2 181 2 053 Deferred tax assets 3 929 2 603 Other non-current assets 1 530 1 782 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 163 941 157 168 Inventories and work in progress 736 926 Assets on contracts 34 932 35 458 Trade receivables 121 914 127 890 Other receivables and accruals 41 139 38 510 Marketable securities 42 330 40 272 Cash at bank and in hand 52 566 45 581 CURRENT ASSETS 293 617 288 637 TOTAL ASSETS 457 558 445 805 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES (in € thousands) Dec. 31  2023 Dec. 31  2022 Capital 6 532 6 634 Additional paid-in capital and consolidated reserves 221411 208 443 Net income attributable to owners of the parent 33 408 35 629 Shareholders' equity attributable to the Group 261 351 250 706 Minority interests 0 0 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 261 351 250 706 Borrowings and financial liabilities: non-current portion 1 078 1 611 Rental liabilities due in more than 1 year 15 439 9 720 Deferred tax liabilities 1 1 Provisions for contingencies and expenses 8 896 6 600 Other non-current liabilities 358 259 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 25 772 18 191 Borrowings and financial liabilities: current portion 824 832 Rental liabilities due within 1 year 5 084 4 555 Trade and other payables 36 917 39 104 Contract liabilities 20 595 25 615 Other current liabilities 107 015 106 802 CURRENT LIABILITIES 170 435 176 908 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 457 558 445 805Income statement for 2023 In € thousands 2023 % 2022 % Revenue 534 116 100% 513 547 100% Other operating income 236 733 Purchases used in production and external charges (131 913) (118 959) Staff costs (342 543) (329 662) Taxes other than on income (4 509) (4 247) Amortization  depreciation and provisions (8 038) (7 842) Change in inventories of work in progress and finished goods Other operating income and expenses 36 (402) Operating profit from ordinary activities 47 385 8.9% 53 168 10.4% Expenses linked to restricted share units and similar awards (1 328) (1 606) Current operating profit 46 057 8.6% 51 562 10.0% Other operating income and expenses (3 728) (1 478) Operating profit 42 329 7.9% 50 084 9.8% Income from cash and cash equivalents Net borrowing costs (771) (478) Other financial income and expenses 1 818 (203) Financial income/(expense) 1 047 (681) Income tax expense (9 968) 23% (13 774) 28% Income from equity-accounted investees Net income before results of discontinued operations or assets held for sale 33 408 35 629 Net income after tax of discontinued operations or assets held for sale Net income 33 408 6.3% 35 629 6.9% Attributable to owners of the parent 33 408 35 629 Minority interests 0 0 Basic weighted average number of shares 13 055 712 13 250 487 Earnings per share 2.56 2.69 Diluted weighted average number of shares 13 129 462 13 330 487 Diluted earnings per share* 2.54 2.67Cash flow statement for 2023 (in € thousands) 2023 2022 Consolidated net income (including non-controlling interests) 35 629 35 629 Income from equity-accounted investees Net depreciation  amortization and provisions and right of use relating to leases 8 993 7 600 Non-cash expenses and income relating to share-based payments 1 228 1 606 Other non-cash items Dividend income (58) (57) Gains and losses on disposals of fixed assets 208 15 Cash flow after net interest expense and tax 43 779 44 793 Net borrowing costs 771 478 Tax expense (including deferred taxes) 9 968 13 774 Cash flow before net interest expense and tax (A) 54 518 59 045 Income tax payments (B) (10 979) (17 318) Change in trade and other receivables (C) 5 132 (15 157) Change in trade and other payables (C) (6 973) 7 302 Change in WCR linked to operations (including debt related to employee benefits) (1 841) (7 855) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (D) = (A+B+C) 41 698 33 872 Outflows for the acquisition of tangible and intangible fixed assets (1 805) (2 376) Inflows from the disposal of tangible and intangible fixed assets 17 68 Outflows for the acquisition of financial assets (5) (4) Inflows from the disposal of financial assets Change in loans and advances granted (74) 24 Disbursements (cash) related to business combinations  net of cash and cash equivalents Dividends received 58 57 Other operating cash flows Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (E) (1 809) (2 231) Proceeds from capital increases Amounts received upon the exercise of stock options Purchases of treasury shares for cancellation Purchases of and proceeds from the sale of treasury shares (6 614) Dividends paid in the period: - Net dividends paid to parent company shareholders (15 901) (16 701) - Dividends paid to the non-controlling shareholders of consolidated companies (44) Inflows from new borrowings Repayment of loan debt (559) (1 806) Repayment of rental liabilities (5 025) (5 541) Net interest payments (771) (478) Purchase of non-controlling minority interests (258) Other financial cash flows Net cash provided by (used in) financial activities (F) (30 870) (24 828) Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates (G) 9 (30) Change in net cash (D+E+F+G) 9 028 6 783 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 85 839 79 056 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 94 867 85 839This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nZxqZpWYlGacxnJrk5uWaZaWmWZnx2DHa2iYnGGeapadmW9gyWljnMrKZnFlm2xr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84675-financial-statement-aubay-ra-2023-veng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.29,0.22,True,English,"['Record net cash', 'Net income', '2023 annual results', 'Operating margin', 'ordinary activities', 'Aubay', 'owners', 'parent', 'Dividend', 'EUR', 'share', 'Environment Social Governance Electrical consumption DIVERSITY', 'record level net income', 'Paper consumption INCLUSION', 'Chairman Christian Aubert', 'Universal Registration Document', 'renewable energy TRAINING', 'renewable energy sites', 'main rating agencies', '78/100 Platinum medal', 'positive calendar effect', 'Annual General Meeting', 'challenging market environment', '2022 Anti-corruption training rate', 'exceptional restructuring provision', 'Other operating income', 'consolidated financial statements', 'normalized environment', 'Group financial loss', 'Financial income', 'consolidated companies', 'Financial position', 'Net cash', 'Net margin', 'employment rate', 'Operating profit', 'Operating margin', ""auditors' report"", 'third quarters', 'exceptional momentum', 'organic terms', 'higher end', 'top end', 'external impacts', 'good ratio', 'sales prices', 'cash investments', 'IFRS 16 debts', 'Cash flow', 'high cash-assets', 'payout ratio', 'CSR strategy', 'ambitious roadmap', 'roadmap indicators', 'disabled people', 'excellent performances', '68/100 Humpact', 'Vs C', 'major customers', 'banking sector', 'high number', 'key issue', 'strategic customers', 'constant focus', 'Annual revenue', 'financial expenses', 'ordinary activities', 'management resources', 'productivity rate', 'free shares', 'Tax rate', 'dividend payments', 'treasury shares', 'unchanged dividend', 'interim dividend', 'management positions', 'demanding market', 'dynamic growth', 'previous year', 'last year', 'sustainable growth', 'Statutory Auditors', 'solid performance', 'forecast range', 'average salary', 'Change Revenue', 'performance shares', 'B score', 'cost management', '2024 performance', '10.4% Cost', 'thousands', 'owners', 'parent', '29 Headcount', 'Aubay', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', 'procedures', 'company', 'ability', 'opportunities', 'second', 'France', 'Italy', 'process', 'business', 'backdrop', 'achievement', 'expected', 'October', 'resilience', 'evolution', 'half', 'expectations', 'cancellation', 'amount', 'reminder', 'December', 'light', 'respect', 'May', 'account', 'November', 'balance', 'responsible', 'percentage', 'women', 'Transition', 'hours', 'rise', 'value', 'ecovadis', 'EthiFinance', '5 CDP', 'Outlook', 'cautiousness', 'projects', 'preservation', 'margins', 'ambition', '€', '2023', '28', '239,850', '2018']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849093/0/en/Bureau-Veritas-targets-a-step-change-in-growth-and-shareholder-returns.html,Bureau Veritas targets a step change in growth and shareholder returns,PRESS RELEASE      Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – March 20  2024      Bureau Veritas targets a step change in growth and shareholder returns          ...,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – March 20  2024Bureau Veritas targets a step change in growth and shareholder returnsToday  Bureau Veritas hosts its Capital Markets Day during which the Group will present its 2028 strategy and financial ambitions:New customer-centric vision  to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainabilityNew strategy LEAP I 28 to deliver a step change in growth and performance  built around three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People  with sustainability at its core: Active Portfolio management strategy designed to enhance leadership positions through organic growth  accelerated M&A and portfolio high-grading Performance programs identifying meaningful efficiency and productivity benefits from operational leverage  functional scalability and innovation An evolved People model  leveraging the Group’s deep-rooted knowledge and expertise to train and develop strategic competencies needed for future growth Staying true to its purpose of “Shaping a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress”  Bureau Veritas will be fully engaged to deliver on its CSR commitmentsto deliver a step change in growth and performance  built around three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People  with sustainability at its core: Ambition 2028: high single-digit total revenue growth 1 (with mid-to-high single-digit organic)  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement 2   double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR 1 and dividend yield  and strong cash conversion2 (above 90%)(with mid-to-high single-digit organic)  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement   double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR and dividend yield  and strong cash conversion2 (above 90%) In support of its strategy  and reflecting its financial health  Bureau Veritas intends to acquire its own shares for up to 200 million euro in 2024Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“For nearly two centuries  Bureau Veritas has brokered trust between business and society. Building on our long-standing reputation for technical expertise  high quality and integrity  we are uniquely positioned to leverage our global reach and broad capabilities. Our vision is to be the preferred partner for our clients’ excellence and sustainability  enabling our customers to navigate technological and societal changes to transform and perform sustainably.Our new strategy  LEAP I 28  is a new chapter in our history as we aim to achieve a step change in our leadership and performance  both in terms of growth and shareholder returns.By actively managing our Portfolio  we aim to be the leader in the markets we serve where we already occupy a top three leadership position  invest to build new growth strongholds in strategic markets and optimize value and impact from the remainder of the portfolio. Our new Performance-centric execution model will enhance our customer value proposition through technology and scalability and will enable opex investments to fund our growth ambition and to drive margin improvement. Our People model will evolve to ensure we attract and develop the strategic competencies needed to enter new markets and sustain higher growth.We are targeting mid-to-high single digit organic revenue growth  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement and double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR and dividend yield.I would like to warmly thank all our colleagues around the world for their dedication and commitment to delivering on our new ambitions. We also thank our shareholders for their continued support.I’m proud to lead this great company towards its bicentenary with a renewed sense of purpose  energy and ambition  knowing that its best is yet to come.”A UNIFYING VISIONBureau Veritas’ unifying vision is to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability. This vision translates into an ambitious  customer-centric strategy  leveraging five secular trends: Sustainability  Energy Transition  Connectivity & Digitalization  Supply Chain Reconfiguration and Urbanization.LEAP I 28This new vision translates into a new strategy based on three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People.Portfolio: Pursue undisputed market leadershipBureau Veritas will actively manage its Portfolio to attain market leadership positions on prioritized and focused businesses.To this end  the Group will implement a three-fold approach:Expand leadership in existing strongholds with established leadership positions  through a combination of rapid organic scaling and inorganic expansion. Accelerate growth in selected markets to create new long-term strongholds  investing early in fast growing strategic sectors (sustainability  energy transition and cyber for instance)  where the Group has a clear path to market leadership. Optimize value and impact from the remainder of the portfolio in a granular and consistent way. Businesses that do not meet stringent financial performance hurdles will be candidates for performance improvement or portfolio high grading.Portfolio ambition: Existing and new strongholds account for c.55% of 2023 Group revenue and will deliver 80% of incremental organic revenue over 2024-2028. In doing so  the Group expects to reach a top three position in 90% of its portfolio by the end of 2028 (versus 75% in 2023).Acquisitions play a key role in Bureau Veritas’ strategy. Firmly aligned with its “expand leadership and new strongholds” portfolio strategic directions  the Group is ready to accelerate its M&A ambition. While carrying on its bolt-on strategy  the Group will remain open and attentive to mid-size opportunities (revenue above 100 million euro)  in a very disciplined way  consistent with its criteria of strategic fit  price  profitability and value creation.Performance: a technology-augmented and modernized executionThe Group will accelerate performance through programs designed to deliver meaningful efficiency and productivity benefits. The objective is to entrench higher granularity in the measurement and management of the day-to-day business. It expects to also elevate customer experience  and service quality versus competitors  and will modernize and scale select operational and functional processes to extract operational efficiencies.The two programs are Operational Leverage & Functional Scalability and Innovation.1/ Operational Leverage & Functional Scalability. The Group is enhancing its delivery models  to better serve its customers and ultimately to reduce its cost to serve. Three key areas of focus have been identified to extract operational leverage: i) improving performance management and measurement; ii) modernizing operational and functional processes; iii) developing tech augmented service models.2/ Innovation. Innovation and technology are the backbone of the Group’s strategy through a three-layered approach. The Group has invested in scalable enterprise systems  mostly cloud-based  to strengthen its global operations across human resources  finance  and sales. Bureau Veritas will also constantly capture data through modernized operations systems  enabling its people in the field and in labs to deliver superior customer service. The third layer enables the Group to innovate with technologies including machine learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to address customer needs and create new revenue streams.Performance Ambition : The Group expects to accelerate growth through additional capacity from enhanced productivity  with the ambition to deliver up to 100 bps of operational leverage and up to 80 bps of functional scalability within the 5-year period. Around half of these performance programs’ savings are to be reinvested.People: Evolve Bureau Veritas’ People modelBureau Veritas is a technical knowledge company with over two thirds of its 83 000 employees possessing specific technical expertise: technicians  engineers  scientists  and other specialists. It excels in attracting and developing capable talents from all around the world. As a service company  Bureau Veritas’ people skills and knowledge are critical to its market differentiation and business success.Recognizing the new dynamics around people and skills  Bureau Veritas will evolve its people model  leveraging its deep-rooted knowledge and expertise to train and develop in-house strategic competencies needed for future growth  enhancing its competitive advantage.The Group’s competitive advantage and ability to outpace competition will come from:1/ “New economy” and strategic skills  around sustainability  energy transition and digital  by developing a new and systematic approach to the way employees’ skills are developed.2/ “Tech Augmented ways of working”: with the increasing role of technology  Bureau Veritas will develop new tech-augmented service models that require new skills and competencies. These enhanced service models will free experts to focus on adding value  improving productivity  and enhancing customer service quality.SUSTAINABILITY AT BUREAU VERITAS’ CORESUPPORTING CUSTOMERS’ SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEYAs customers’ organizations transform into more sustainable enterprises  the demand for associated services is only increasing. These include a range of activities: corporate strategy  operational transformation advisory  product stewardship and supply-chain reassurance  as well as non-financial reporting.Bureau Veritas’ mission is to support its customers in their transition journey to a new  sustainable state  through the development of novel solutions  and an active network of experts to support their transformation.Capitalizing on its technical expertise  field DNA  global reach and independent third-party role  Bureau Veritas’ ambition is to actively support its customers’ sustainability journey from transition to transformation. The Group will leverage its differentiating attributes to build leadership positions in two complementary segments of the market:Transition services: supporting clients’ move to more sustainable business models  through two types of activity: ESG transformation services  i.e. supporting the implementation and monitoring of plans  Compliance and reporting assistance services  supporting clients’ efforts to comply with and communicate on regulatory and voluntary disclosures;Green object services  supporting the build and maintenance of green assets  green products  and green commodities – e.g. renewables  new mobility  green fuels  etc.Sustainability ambition: The more narrowly defined subset of sustainability services – both transition services and green objects combined  represents circa 5% of 2023 Group revenue and is targeted to grow to 15% of Group revenue by 2028.2028 CSR AMBITIONSStaying true to its purpose of “Shaping a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress”  Bureau Veritas must be exemplary in its own sustainability journey.The Group’s CSR strategy addresses the three dimensions of environment  workplace  and business practices  to drive a positive transformation of Group activities and actions. This is delivered through the engagement of its 83 000 dedicated employees to shape a better environment  to shape a better workplace and to shape better practices. Bureau Veritas will be fully engaged to deliver on its CSR commitment. The Group will also accelerate its efforts built around six priorities: climate  circularity & biodiversity  health & safety  human capital  diversity  and ethics.The Group is committed to the achievement of five key performance indicators through 2028:UNITED NATIONS’SDGS 2023 2028TARGET ENVIRONMENT / NATURAL CAPITAL CO 2 emissions (scope 1 & 2  1 000 tons) #13 149 107 SOCIAL & HUMAN CAPITAL Total Accident Rate (TAR)3 #3 0.25 0.23 Proportion of women in leadership positions4 #5 29% 36% Number of training hours per employee (per year) #8 36.1 40.0 GOVERNANCE Proportion of employees trained to the Code of Ethics #16 97% 99%2028 FINANCIAL AMBITIONBureau Veritas is now a more resilient business and capable of a step change in growth and profitability. The new mid-term financial targets reflect this ambition:2024-2028 GROWTH CAGR High-single digit total revenue growth5 With: Organic: mid-to-high single digit And: M&A acceleration and portfolio high-grading MARGIN Consistent adjusted operating margin improvement5 EPS CAGR5 + DIVIDEND YIELD Double digit returns CASH Strong cash conversion6: above 90%CAPITAL ALLOCATION - AN ACCELERATED EXTERNAL GROWTH POLICYOver the period 2024-2028  the use of Free Cash Flow generated from our operations will be balanced between Capital Expenditure (Capex)  Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) and shareholder returns (Dividend):ASSUMPTIONS CAPEX Around 2.5-3.0% of Group revenue M&A M&A acceleration DIVIDEND Pay-out of 65% of Adjusted Net Profit LEVERAGE Between 1.0x-2.0x by 2028In support of its strategy  and reflecting its financial health  Bureau Veritas intends to acquire its own shares for up to 200 million euro in 2024  within the share buyback program approved by the shareholders meeting. This would be funded through available resources.CONNECTING TO CAPITAL MARKETS DAY Schedule (Paris Time): Wednesday March 20  2024 – 9:00am CET to 13:00pm CET The presentation slides will be available at: https://group.bureauveritas.com/capital-markets-day-2024 Please register and connect to https://investorday-bureauveritas.com/register to access the live event.FINANCIAL CALENDARQ1 2024 revenue: April 25  2024 Shareholders’ Meeting: June 20  2024 Half Year 2024 Results: July 26  2024 Q3 2024 revenue: October 23  2024About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress.With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com. ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 + 33 (0)6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comThis press release (including the appendices) contains forward-looking statements  which are based on current plans and forecasts of Bureau Veritas’ management. Such forward-looking statements are by their nature subject to a number of important risk and uncertainty factors such as those described in the Universal Registration Document (“Document d’enregistrement universel”) filed by Bureau Veritas with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) that could cause actual results to differ from the plans  objectives and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Bureau Veritas undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  according to applicable regulations.1 At constant currency2 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit3 TAR: Total Accident Rate (number of accidents with and without lost time x 200 000/number of hours worked).4 Proportion of women from the Executive Committee to Band III (internal grade corresponding to a management or executive management position) in the Group (number of women on a full-time equivalent basis in a leadership position/total number of full-time equivalents in leadership positions).5 At constant currency.6 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Bureau Veritas', 'step change', 'shareholder returns', 'growth', 'high single digit organic revenue growth', 'high single-digit total revenue growth', 'consistent adjusted operating margin improvement', 'fast growing strategic sectors', 'Pursue undisputed market leadership', 'new Performance-centric execution model', 'top three leadership position', 'stringent financial performance hurdles', 'Active Portfolio management strategy', 'portfolio high-grading Performance programs', 'high single-digit organic', 'Bureau Veritas’ unifying vision', 'rapid organic scaling', 'strong cash conversion2', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'five secular trends', 'Supply Chain Reconfiguration', 'portfolio high grading', 'double-digit shareholder returns', 'ambitious, customer-centric strategy', 'new long-term strongholds', 'Capital Markets Day', 'market leadership positions', 'customer value proposition', 'New customer-centric vision', 'new growth strongholds', 'high quality', 'organic growth', 'consistent way', 'performance improvement', 'financial ambitions', 'financial health', 'existing strongholds', 'new vision', 'New strategy', 'three pillars', 'strategic competencies', 'new chapter', 'new ambitions', 'strategic markets', 'new markets', 'future growth', 'higher growth', 'People model', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'step change', 'preferred partner', 'M&A', 'meaningful efficiency', 'operational leverage', 'rooted knowledge', 'responsible progress', 'CSR commitments', 'EPS CAGR', 'dividend yield', '200 million euro', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'two centuries', 'standing reputation', 'global reach', 'broad capabilities', 'clients’ excellence', 'societal changes', 'opex investments', 'great company', 'three-fold approach', 'inorganic expansion', 'clear path', 'customers’ excellence', 'Energy Transition', 'growth ambition', 'functional scalability', 'technical expertise', 'continued support', 'focused businesses', 'LEAP I', '2028 strategy', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'France', 'March', 'Group', 'sustainability', 'core', 'productivity', 'benefits', 'innovation', 'deep', 'purpose', 'world', 'trust', 'shares', 'society', 'integrity', 'technological', 'history', 'terms', 'impact', 'remainder', 'technology', 'mid-to', 'colleagues', 'dedication', 'shareholders', 'bicentenary', 'renewed', 'sense', 'Connectivity', 'Digitalization', 'Urbanization', 'prioritized', 'combination', 'cyber', 'instance', 'granular', 'candidates']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BUREAU-VERITAS-SA-64670/news/Bureau-Veritas-Targets-a-Step-Change-in-Growth-and-Shareholder-Returns-46239515/,Bureau Veritas Targets a Step Change in Growth and Shareholder Returns,(marketscreener.com) Today  Bureau Veritas hosts its Capital Markets Day during which the Group will present its 2028 strategy and financial ambitions:New customer-centric vision  to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability…,Today  Bureau Veritas hosts its Capital Markets Day during which the Group will present its 2028 strategy and financial ambitions:New customer-centric vision  to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainabilityNew strategy LEAP I 28 to deliver a step change in growth and performance  built around three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People  with sustainability at its core: Active Portfolio management strategy designed to enhance leadership positions through organic growth  accelerated M&A and portfolio high-grading Performance programs identifying meaningful efficiency and productivity benefits from operational leverage  functional scalability and innovation An evolved People model  leveraging the Group’s deep-rooted knowledge and expertise to train and develop strategic competencies needed for future growth Staying true to its purpose of “Shaping a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress”  Bureau Veritas will be fully engaged to deliver on its CSR commitmentsto deliver a step change in growth and performance  built around three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People  with sustainability at its core: Ambition 2028: high single-digit total revenue growth 1 (with mid-to-high single-digit organic)  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement 2   double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR 1 and dividend yield  and strong cash conversion 2 (above 90%)(with mid-to-high single-digit organic)  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement   double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR and dividend yield  and strong cash conversion (above 90%) In support of its strategy  and reflecting its financial health  Bureau Veritas intends to acquire its own shares for up to 200 million euro in 2024Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“For nearly two centuries  Bureau Veritas has brokered trust between business and society. Building on our long-standing reputation for technical expertise  high quality and integrity  we are uniquely positioned to leverage our global reach and broad capabilities. Our vision isto be the preferred partner for our clients’ excellence and sustainability  enabling our customers to navigate technological and societal changes to transform and perform sustainably.Our new strategy  LEAP I 28  is a new chapter in our history as we aim to achieve a step change in our leadership and performance  both in terms of growth and shareholder returns.By actively managing our Portfolio  we aim to be the leader in the markets we serve where we already occupy a top three leadership position  invest to build new growth strongholds in strategic markets and optimize value and impact from the remainder of the portfolio. Our new Performance-centric execution model will enhance our customer value proposition through technology and scalability and will enable opex investments to fund our growth ambition and to drive margin improvement. Our People model will evolve to ensure we attract and develop the strategic competencies needed to enter new markets and sustain higher growth.We are targeting mid-to-high single digit organic revenue growth  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement and double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR and dividend yield.I would like to warmly thank all our colleagues around the world for their dedication and commitment to delivering on our new ambitions. We also thank our shareholders for their continued support.I’m proud to lead this great company towards its bicentenary with a renewed sense of purpose  energy and ambition  knowing that its best is yet to come.”A UNIFYING VISIONBureau Veritas’ unifying vision is to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability. This vision translates into an ambitious  customer-centric strategy  leveraging five secular trends: Sustainability  Energy Transition  Connectivity & Digitalization  Supply Chain Reconfiguration and Urbanization.LEAP I 28This new vision translates into a new strategy based on three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People.Portfolio: Pursue undisputed market leadershipBureau Veritas will actively manage its Portfolio to attain market leadership positions on prioritized and focused businesses.To this end  the Group will implement a three-fold approach:Expand leadership in existing strongholds with established leadership positions  through a combination of rapid organic scaling and inorganic expansion. Accelerate growth in selected markets to create new long-term strongholds  investing early in fast growing strategic sectors (sustainability  energy transition and cyber for instance)  where the Group has a clear path to market leadership. Optimize value and impact from the remainder of the portfolio in a granular and consistent way. Businesses that do not meet stringent financial performance hurdles will be candidates for performance improvement or portfolio high grading.Portfolio ambition: Existing and new strongholds account for c.55% of 2023 Group revenue and will deliver 80% of incremental organic revenue over 2024-2028. In doing so  the Group expects to reach a top three position in 90% of its portfolio by the end of 2028 (versus 75% in 2023).Acquisitions play a key role in Bureau Veritas’ strategy. Firmly aligned with its “expand leadership and new strongholds” portfolio strategic directions  the Group is ready to accelerate its M&A ambition. While carrying on its bolt-on strategy  the Group will remain open and attentive to mid-size opportunities (revenue above 100 million euro)  in a very disciplined way  consistent with its criteria of strategic fit  price  profitability and value creation.Performance: a technology-augmented and modernized executionThe Group will accelerate performance through programs designed to deliver meaningful efficiency and productivity benefits. The objective is to entrench higher granularity in the measurement and management of the day-to-day business. It expects to also elevate customer experience  and service quality versus competitors  and will modernize and scale select operational and functional processes to extract operational efficiencies.The two programs are Operational Leverage & Functional Scalability and Innovation.1/ Operational Leverage & Functional Scalability. The Group is enhancing its delivery models  to better serve its customers and ultimately to reduce its cost to serve. Three key areas of focus have been identified to extract operational leverage: i) improving performance management and measurement; ii) modernizing operational and functional processes; iii) developing tech augmented service models.2/ Innovation. Innovation and technology are the backbone of the Group’s strategy through a three-layered approach. The Group has invested in scalable enterprise systems  mostly cloud-based  to strengthen its global operations across human resources  finance  and sales. Bureau Veritas will also constantly capture data through modernized operations systems  enabling its people in the field and in labs to deliver superior customer service. The third layer enables the Group to innovate with technologies including machine learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to address customer needs and create new revenue streams.Performance Ambition: The Group expects to accelerate growth through additional capacity from enhanced productivity  with the ambition to deliver up to 100 bps of operational leverage and up to 80 bps of functional scalability within the 5-year period. Around half of these performance programs’ savings are to be reinvested.People: Evolve Bureau Veritas’ People modelBureau Veritas is a technical knowledge company with over two thirds of its 83 000 employees possessing specific technical expertise: technicians  engineers  scientists  and other specialists. It excels in attracting and developing capable talents from all around the world. As a service company  Bureau Veritas’ people skills and knowledge are critical to its market differentiation and business success.Recognizing the new dynamics around people and skills  Bureau Veritas will evolve its people model  leveraging its deep-rooted knowledge and expertise to train and develop in-house strategic competencies needed for future growth  enhancing its competitive advantage.The Group’s competitive advantage and ability to outpace competition will come from:1/ “New economy” and strategic skills  around sustainability  energy transition and digital  by developing a new and systematic approach to the way employees’ skills are developed.2/ “Tech Augmented ways of working”: with the increasing role of technology  Bureau Veritas will develop new tech-augmented service models that require new skills and competencies. These enhanced service models will free experts to focus on adding value  improving productivity  and enhancing customer service quality.SUSTAINABILITY AT BUREAU VERITAS’ CORESUPPORTING CUSTOMERS’ SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEYAs customers’ organizations transform into more sustainable enterprises  the demand for associated services is only increasing. These include a range of activities: corporate strategy  operational transformation advisory  product stewardship and supply-chain reassurance  as well as non-financial reporting.Bureau Veritas’ mission is to support its customers in their transition journey to a new  sustainable state  through the development of novel solutions  and an active network of experts to support their transformation.Capitalizing on its technical expertise  field DNA  global reach and independent third-party role  Bureau Veritas’ ambition is to actively support its customers’ sustainability journey from transition to transformation. The Group will leverage its differentiating attributes to build leadership positions in two complementary segments of the market:Transition services: supporting clients’ move to more sustainable business models  through two types of activity: ESG transformation services  i.e. supporting the implementation and monitoring of plans  Compliance and reporting assistance services  supporting clients’ efforts to comply with and communicate on regulatory and voluntary disclosures;Green object services  supporting the build and maintenance of green assets  green products  and green commodities – e.g. renewables  new mobility  green fuels  etc.Sustainability ambition: The more narrowly defined subset of sustainability services – both transition services and green objects combined  represents circa 5% of 2023 Group revenue and is targeted to grow to 15% of Group revenue by 2028.2028 CSR AMBITIONSStaying true to its purpose of “Shaping a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress”  Bureau Veritas must be exemplary in its own sustainability journey.The Group’s CSR strategy addresses the three dimensions of environment  workplace  and business practices  to drive a positive transformation of Group activities and actions. This is delivered through the engagement of its 83 000 dedicated employees to shape a better environment  to shape a better workplace and to shape better practices. Bureau Veritas will be fully engaged to deliver on its CSR commitment. The Group will also accelerate its efforts built around six priorities: climate  circularity & biodiversity  health & safety  human capital  diversity  and ethics.The Group is committed to the achievement of five key performance indicators through 2028:UNITED NATIONS’ SDGS 2023 2028 TARGET ENVIRONMENT / NATURAL CAPITAL CO 2 emissions (scope 1 & 2  1 000 tons) #13 149 107 SOCIAL & HUMAN CAPITAL Total Accident Rate (TAR)3 #3 0.25 0.23 Proportion of women in leadership positions4 #5 29% 36% Number of training hours per employee (per year) #8 36.1 40.0 GOVERNANCE Proportion of employees trained to the Code of Ethics #16 97% 99%2028 FINANCIAL AMBITIONBureau Veritas is now a more resilient business and capable of a step change in growth and profitability. The new mid-term financial targets reflect this ambition:2024-2028 GROWTH CAGR High-single digit total revenue growth5 With: Organic: mid-to-high single digit And: M&A acceleration and portfolio high-grading MARGIN Consistent adjusted operating margin improvement5 EPS CAGR5 + DIVIDEND YIELD Double digit returns CASH Strong cash conversion6: above 90%CAPITAL ALLOCATION - AN ACCELERATED EXTERNAL GROWTH POLICYOver the period 2024-2028  the use of Free Cash Flow generated from our operations will be balanced between Capital Expenditure (Capex)  Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) and shareholder returns (Dividend):ASSUMPTIONS CAPEX Around 2.5-3.0% of Group revenue M&A M&A acceleration DIVIDEND Pay-out of 65% of Adjusted Net Profit LEVERAGE Between 1.0x-2.0x by 2028In support of its strategy  and reflecting its financial health  Bureau Veritas intends to acquire its own shares for up to 200 million euro in 2024  within the share buyback program approved by the shareholders meeting. This would be funded through available resources.CONNECTING TO CAPITAL MARKETS DAYSchedule (Paris Time): Wednesday March 20  2024 – 9:00am CET to 13:00pm CETThe presentation slides will be available at: https://group.bureauveritas.com/capital-markets-day-2024Please register and connect to https://investorday-bureauveritas.com/register to access the live event.FINANCIAL CALENDARQ1 2024 revenue: April 25  2024Shareholders’ Meeting: June 20  2024Half Year 2024 Results: July 26  2024Q3 2024 revenue: October 23  2024About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress.With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com.This press release (including the appendices) contains forward-looking statements  which are based on current plans and forecasts of Bureau Veritas’ management. Such forward-looking statements are by their nature subject to a number of important risk and uncertainty factors such as those described in the Universal Registration Document (“Document d’enregistrement universel”) filed by Bureau Veritas with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) that could cause actual results to differ from the plans  objectives and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Bureau Veritas undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  according to applicable regulations.1 At constant currency2 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit3 TAR: Total Accident Rate (number of accidents with and without lost time x 200 000/number of hours worked).4 Proportion of women from the Executive Committee to Band III (internal grade corresponding to a management or executive management position) in the Group (number of women on a full-time equivalent basis in a leadership position/total number of full-time equivalents in leadership positions).5 At constant currency.6 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320033795/en/,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Bureau Veritas', 'Step Change', 'Shareholder Returns', 'Growth', 'high single digit organic revenue growth', 'consistent adjusted operating margin improvement', 'high single-digit total revenue growth', 'fast growing strategic sectors', 'Pursue undisputed market leadership', 'new Performance-centric execution model', 'top three leadership position', 'stringent financial performance hurdles', 'Active Portfolio management strategy', 'portfolio high-grading Performance programs', 'high single-digit organic', 'incremental organic revenue', 'Bureau Veritas’ unifying vision', 'rapid organic scaling', 'strong cash conversion', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'five secular trends', 'Supply Chain Reconfiguration', 'double-digit shareholder returns', 'portfolio high grading', 'ambitious, customer-centric strategy', 'new long-term strongholds', 'Capital Markets Day', 'market leadership positions', 'customer value proposition', 'New customer-centric vision', 'new growth strongholds', 'organic growth', 'high quality', 'consistent way', '2023 Group revenue', 'performance improvement', 'new strongholds', 'financial ambitions', 'financial health', 'new vision', 'New strategy', 'three pillars', 'strategic competencies', 'new chapter', 'new ambitions', 'future growth', 'higher growth', 'strategic markets', 'new markets', 'People model', 'preferred partner', 'step change', 'M&A', 'meaningful efficiency', 'operational leverage', 'rooted knowledge', 'responsible progress', 'CSR commitments', 'EPS CAGR', 'dividend yield', '200 million euro', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'two centuries', 'standing reputation', 'global reach', 'broad capabilities', 'clients’ excellence', 'societal changes', 'opex investments', 'great company', 'renewed sense', 'three-fold approach', 'existing strongholds', 'inorganic expansion', 'clear path', 'growth ambition', 'customers’ excellence', 'Energy Transition', 'functional scalability', 'technical expertise', 'continued support', 'focused businesses', 'LEAP I', 'Portfolio ambition', '2028 strategy', 'sustainability', 'core', 'productivity', 'benefits', 'innovation', 'deep', 'purpose', 'world', 'trust', 'shares', 'society', 'integrity', 'technological', 'history', 'terms', 'impact', 'remainder', 'technology', 'colleagues', 'dedication', 'shareholders', 'bicentenary', 'Connectivity', 'Digitalization', 'Urbanization', 'prioritized', 'combination', 'cyber', 'instance', 'granular', 'candidates', 'c.']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5023531337545955,Bureau Veritas Targets a Step Change in Growth and Shareholder Returns,Today  Bureau Veritas hosts its Capital Markets Day during which the Group will present its 2028 strategy and financial ambitions:       New customer-centric vision  to be the preferred partner for customers&#x2019; excellence and sustainability     Ne...,Bureau Veritas Targets a Step Change in Growth and Shareholder ReturnsToday  Bureau Veritas hosts its Capital Markets Day during which the Group will present its 2028 strategy and financial ambitions:New customer-centric vision  to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainabilityNew strategy LEAP I 28 to deliver a step change in growth and performance  built around three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People  with sustainability at its core: Active Portfolio management strategy designed to enhance leadership positions through organic growth  accelerated M&A and portfolio high-grading Performance programs identifying meaningful efficiency and productivity benefits from operational leverage  functional scalability and innovation An evolved People model  leveraging the Group’s deep-rooted knowledge and expertise to train and develop strategic competencies needed for future growth Staying true to its purpose of “Shaping a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress”  Bureau Veritas will be fully engaged to deliver on its CSR commitmentsto deliver a step change in growth and performance  built around three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People  with sustainability at its core: Ambition 2028: high single-digit total revenue growth 1 (with mid-to-high single-digit organic)  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement 2   double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR 1 and dividend yield  and strong cash conversion 2 (above 90%)(with mid-to-high single-digit organic)  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement   double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR and dividend yield  and strong cash conversion (above 90%) In support of its strategy  and reflecting its financial health  Bureau Veritas intends to acquire its own shares for up to 200 million euro in 2024Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“For nearly two centuries  Bureau Veritas has brokered trust between business and society. Building on our long-standing reputation for technical expertise  high quality and integrity  we are uniquely positioned to leverage our global reach and broad capabilities. Our vision is to be the preferred partner for our clients’ excellence and sustainability   enabling our customers to navigate technological and societal changes to transform and perform sustainably.Our new strategy  LEAP I 28   is a new chapter in our history as we aim to achieve a step change in our leadership and performance  both in terms of growth and shareholder returns.By actively managing our Portfolio  we aim to be the leader in the markets we serve where we already occupy a top three leadership position  invest to build new growth strongholds in strategic markets and optimize value and impact from the remainder of the portfolio. Our new Performance-centric execution model will enhance our customer value proposition through technology and scalability and will enable opex investments to fund our growth ambition and to drive margin improvement. Our People model will evolve to ensure we attract and develop the strategic competencies needed to enter new markets and sustain higher growth.We are targeting mid-to-high single digit organic revenue growth  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement and double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR and dividend yield.I would like to warmly thank all our colleagues around the world for their dedication and commitment to delivering on our new ambitions. We also thank our shareholders for their continued support.I’m proud to lead this great company towards its bicentenary with a renewed sense of purpose  energy and ambition  knowing that its best is yet to come.”A UNIFYING VISIONBureau Veritas’ unifying vision is to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability. This vision translates into an ambitious  customer-centric strategy  leveraging five secular trends: Sustainability  Energy Transition  Connectivity & Digitalization  Supply Chain Reconfiguration and Urbanization.LEAP I 28This new vision translates into a new strategy based on three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People.Portfolio : Pursue undisputed market leadershipBureau Veritas will actively manage its Portfolio to attain market leadership positions on prioritized and focused businesses.To this end  the Group will implement a three-fold approach:Expand leadership in existing strongholds with established leadership positions  through a combination of rapid organic scaling and inorganic expansion. Accelerate growth in selected markets to create new long-term strongholds   investing early in fast growing strategic sectors (sustainability  energy transition and cyber for instance)  where the Group has a clear path to market leadership. Optimize value and impact from the remainder of the portfolio in a granular and consistent way. Businesses that do not meet stringent financial performance hurdles will be candidates for performance improvement or portfolio high grading.Portfolio ambition: Existing and new strongholds account for c.55% of 2023 Group revenue and will deliver 80% of incremental organic revenue over 2024-2028. In doing so  the Group expects to reach a top three position in 90% of its portfolio by the end of 2028 (versus 75% in 2023).Acquisitions play a key role in Bureau Veritas’ strategy. Firmly aligned with its “expand leadership and new strongholds” portfolio strategic directions  the Group is ready to accelerate its M&A ambition. While carrying on its bolt-on strategy  the Group will remain open and attentive to mid-size opportunities (revenue above 100 million euro)  in a very disciplined way  consistent with its criteria of strategic fit  price  profitability and value creation.Performance: a technology-augmented and modernized executionThe Group will accelerate performance through programs designed to deliver meaningful efficiency and productivity benefits. The objective is to entrench higher granularity in the measurement and management of the day-to-day business. It expects to also elevate customer experience  and service quality versus competitors  and will modernize and scale select operational and functional processes to extract operational efficiencies.The two programs are Operational Leverage & Functional Scalability and Innovation.1/ Operational Leverage & Functional Scalability. The Group is enhancing its delivery models  to better serve its customers and ultimately to reduce its cost to serve. Three key areas of focus have been identified to extract operational leverage: i) improving performance management and measurement; ii) modernizing operational and functional processes; iii) developing tech augmented service models.2/ Innovation. Innovation and technology are the backbone of the Group’s strategy through a three-layered approach. The Group has invested in scalable enterprise systems  mostly cloud-based  to strengthen its global operations across human resources  finance  and sales. Bureau Veritas will also constantly capture data through modernized operations systems  enabling its people in the field and in labs to deliver superior customer service. The third layer enables the Group to innovate with technologies including machine learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to address customer needs and create new revenue streams.Performance Ambition : The Group expects to accelerate growth through additional capacity from enhanced productivity  with the ambition to deliver up to 100 bps of operational leverage and up to 80 bps of functional scalability within the 5-year period. Around half of these performance programs’ savings are to be reinvested.People: Evolve Bureau Veritas’ People modelBureau Veritas is a technical knowledge company with over two thirds of its 83 000 employees possessing specific technical expertise: technicians  engineers  scientists  and other specialists. It excels in attracting and developing capable talents from all around the world. As a service company  Bureau Veritas’ people skills and knowledge are critical to its market differentiation and business success.Recognizing the new dynamics around people and skills  Bureau Veritas will evolve its people model  leveraging its deep-rooted knowledge and expertise to train and develop in-house strategic competencies needed for future growth  enhancing its competitive advantage.The Group’s competitive advantage and ability to outpace competition will come from:1/ “ New economy” and strategic skills   around sustainability  energy transition and digital  by developing a new and systematic approach to the way employees’ skills are developed.2/ “T ech Augmented ways of working”: with the increasing role of technology  Bureau Veritas will develop new tech-augmented service models that require new skills and competencies. These enhanced service models will free experts to focus on adding value  improving productivity  and enhancing customer service quality.SUSTAINABILITY AT BUREAU VERITAS’ CORESUPPORTING CUSTOMERS’ SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEYAs customers’ organizations transform into more sustainable enterprises  the demand for associated services is only increasing. These include a range of activities: corporate strategy  operational transformation advisory  product stewardship and supply-chain reassurance  as well as non-financial reporting.Bureau Veritas’ mission is to support its customers in their transition journey to a new  sustainable state  through the development of novel solutions  and an active network of experts to support their transformation.Capitalizing on its technical expertise  field DNA  global reach and independent third-party role  Bureau Veritas’ ambition is to actively support its customers’ sustainability journey from transition to transformation. The Group will leverage its differentiating attributes to build leadership positions in two complementary segments of the market:Transition services: supporting clients’ move to more sustainable business models  through two types of activity: ESG transformation services  i.e. supporting the implementation and monitoring of plans  Compliance and reporting assistance services  supporting clients’ efforts to comply with and communicate on regulatory and voluntary disclosures;Green object services  supporting the build and maintenance of green assets  green products  and green commodities – e.g. renewables  new mobility  green fuels  etc.Sustainability ambition: The more narrowly defined subset of sustainability services – both transition services and green objects combined  represents circa 5% of 2023 Group revenue and is targeted to grow to 15% of Group revenue by 2028.2028 CSR AMBITIONSStaying true to its purpose of “Shaping a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress”  Bureau Veritas must be exemplary in its own sustainability journey.The Group’s CSR strategy addresses the three dimensions of environment  workplace  and business practices  to drive a positive transformation of Group activities and actions. This is delivered through the engagement of its 83 000 dedicated employees to shape a better environment  to shape a better workplace and to shape better practices. Bureau Veritas will be fully engaged to deliver on its CSR commitment. The Group will also accelerate its efforts built around six priorities: climate  circularity & biodiversity  health & safety  human capital  diversity  and ethics.The Group is committed to the achievement of five key performance indicators through 2028:UNITED NATIONS’ SDGS 2023 2028 TARGET ENVIRONMENT / NATURAL CAPITAL CO 2 emissions (scope 1 & 2  1 000 tons) #13 149 107 SOCIAL & HUMAN CAPITAL Total Accident Rate (TAR) 3 #3 0.25 0.23 Proportion of women in leadership positions 4 #5 29% 36% Number of training hours per employee (per year) #8 36.1 40.0 GOVERNANCE Proportion of employees trained to the Code of Ethics #16 97% 99%2028 FINANCIAL AMBITIONBureau Veritas is now a more resilient business and capable of a step change in growth and profitability. The new mid-term financial targets reflect this ambition:2024-2028 GROWTH CAGR High-single digit total revenue growth 5 With: Organic: mid-to-high single digit And: M&A acceleration and portfolio high-grading MARGIN Consistent adjusted operating margin improvement 5 EPS CAGR5 + DIVIDEND YIELD Double digit returns CASH Strong cash conversion 6 : above 90%CAPITAL ALLOCATION - AN ACCELERATED EXTERNAL GROWTH POLICYOver the period 2024-2028  the use of Free Cash Flow generated from our operations will be balanced between Capital Expenditure (Capex)  Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) and shareholder returns (Dividend):ASSUMPTIONS CAPEX Around 2.5-3.0% of Group revenue M&A M&A acceleration DIVIDEND Pay-out of 65% of Adjusted Net Profit LEVERAGE Between 1.0x-2.0x by 2028In support of its strategy  and reflecting its financial health  Bureau Veritas intends to acquire its own shares for up to 200 million euro in 2024  within the share buyback program approved by the shareholders meeting. This would be funded through available resources.CONNECTING TO CAPITAL MARKETS DAYSchedule (Paris Time): Wednesday March 20  2024 – 9:00am CET to 13:00pm CETThe presentation slides will be available at: https://group.bureauveritas.com/capital-markets-day-2024Please register and connect to https://investorday-bureauveritas.com/register to access the live event.FINANCIAL CALENDARQ1 2024 revenue: April 25  2024Shareholders’ Meeting: June 20  2024Half Year 2024 Results: July 26  2024Q3 2024 revenue: October 23  2024About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress.With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com   and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn .Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com .This press release (including the appendices) contains forward-looking statements  which are based on current plans and forecasts of Bureau Veritas’ management. Such forward-looking statements are by their nature subject to a number of important risk and uncertainty factors such as those described in the Universal Registration Document (“ Document d’enregistrement universel ”) filed by Bureau Veritas with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) that could cause actual results to differ from the plans  objectives and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Bureau Veritas undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  according to applicable regulations.1 At constant currency2 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit3 TAR: Total Accident Rate (number of accidents with and without lost time x 200 000/number of hours worked).4 Proportion of women from the Executive Committee to Band III (internal grade corresponding to a management or executive management position) in the Group (number of women on a full-time equivalent basis in a leadership position/total number of full-time equivalents in leadership positions).5 At constant currency.6 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240320033795/en/ANALYST/INVESTORLaurent Brunelle+33 (0)1 55 24 76 09laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.comColin Verbrugghe+33 (0)1 55 24 77 80colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comMEDIAA nette Rey+ 33 (0)6 69 79 84 88anette.rey@bureauveritas.com,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.01,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Bureau Veritas', 'Step Change', 'Shareholder Returns', 'Growth', 'high single digit organic revenue growth', 'high single-digit total revenue growth', 'consistent adjusted operating margin improvement', 'fast growing strategic sectors', 'Pursue undisputed market leadership', 'new Performance-centric execution model', 'top three leadership position', 'stringent financial performance hurdles', 'Active Portfolio management strategy', 'portfolio high-grading Performance programs', 'high single-digit organic', 'Bureau Veritas’ unifying vision', 'rapid organic scaling', 'strong cash conversion', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'five secular trends', 'Supply Chain Reconfiguration', 'portfolio high grading', 'double-digit shareholder returns', 'ambitious, customer-centric strategy', 'new long-term strongholds', 'Capital Markets Day', 'market leadership positions', 'customer value proposition', 'New customer-centric vision', 'new growth strongholds', 'high quality', 'organic growth', 'consistent way', 'performance improvement', 'new strongholds', 'financial ambitions', 'financial health', 'new vision', 'New strategy', 'three pillars', 'strategic competencies', 'new chapter', 'new ambitions', 'strategic markets', 'future growth', 'higher growth', 'new markets', 'People model', 'Step Change', 'preferred partner', 'M&A', 'meaningful efficiency', 'operational leverage', 'rooted knowledge', 'responsible progress', 'CSR commitments', 'EPS CAGR', 'dividend yield', '200 million euro', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'two centuries', 'standing reputation', 'global reach', 'broad capabilities', 'clients’ excellence', 'societal changes', 'opex investments', 'great company', 'renewed sense', 'three-fold approach', 'existing strongholds', 'inorganic expansion', 'clear path', 'growth ambition', 'customers’ excellence', 'Energy Transition', 'functional scalability', 'technical expertise', 'continued support', 'focused businesses', 'Portfolio ambition', '2028 strategy', 'Group', 'sustainability', 'LEAP', 'core', 'productivity', 'benefits', 'innovation', 'deep', 'purpose', 'world', 'trust', 'shares', 'society', 'integrity', 'technological', 'history', 'terms', 'impact', 'remainder', 'technology', 'colleagues', 'dedication', 'shareholders', 'bicentenary', 'Connectivity', 'Digitalization', 'Urbanization', 'prioritized', 'combination', 'cyber', 'instance', 'granular', 'candidates', 'c.5']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,investorsobserver.com
37915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BUREAU-VERITAS-SA-64670/news/Bureau-Veritas-targets-a-step-change-in-growth-and-shareholder-returns-46237681/,Bureau Veritas targets a step change in growth and shareholder returns,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – March 20  2024 Bureau Veritas targets a step change in growth and shareholder returns Today  Bureau Veritas hosts its Capital Markets Day during which the Group will present its 2028 strategy and …,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – March 20  2024Bureau Veritas targets a step change in growth and shareholder returnsToday  Bureau Veritas hosts its Capital Markets Day during which the Group will present its 2028 strategy and financial ambitions:New customer-centric vision  to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainabilityNew strategy LEAP I 28 to deliver a step change in growth and performance  built around three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People  with sustainability at its core: Active Portfolio management strategy designed to enhance leadership positions through organic growth  accelerated M&A and portfolio high-grading Performance programs identifying meaningful efficiency and productivity benefits from operational leverage  functional scalability and innovation An evolved People model  leveraging the Group’s deep-rooted knowledge and expertise to train and develop strategic competencies needed for future growth Staying true to its purpose of “Shaping a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress”  Bureau Veritas will be fully engaged to deliver on its CSR commitmentsto deliver a step change in growth and performance  built around three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People  with sustainability at its core: Ambition 2028: high single-digit total revenue growth 1 (with mid-to-high single-digit organic)  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement 2   double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR 1 and dividend yield  and strong cash conversion2 (above 90%)(with mid-to-high single-digit organic)  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement   double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR and dividend yield  and strong cash conversion2 (above 90%) In support of its strategy  and reflecting its financial health  Bureau Veritas intends to acquire its own shares for up to 200 million euro in 2024Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“For nearly two centuries  Bureau Veritas has brokered trust between business and society. Building on our long-standing reputation for technical expertise  high quality and integrity  we are uniquely positioned to leverage our global reach and broad capabilities. Our vision isto be the preferred partner for our clients’ excellence and sustainability  enabling our customers to navigate technological and societal changes to transform and perform sustainably.Our new strategy  LEAP I 28  is a new chapter in our history as we aim to achieve a step change in our leadership and performance  both in terms of growth and shareholder returns.By actively managing our Portfolio  we aim to be the leader in the markets we serve where we already occupy a top three leadership position  invest to build new growth strongholds in strategic markets and optimize value and impact from the remainder of the portfolio. Our new Performance-centric execution model will enhance our customer value proposition through technology and scalability and will enable opex investments to fund our growth ambition and to drive margin improvement. Our People model will evolve to ensure we attract and develop the strategic competencies needed to enter new markets and sustain higher growth.We are targeting mid-to-high single digit organic revenue growth  consistent adjusted operating margin improvement and double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS CAGR and dividend yield.I would like to warmly thank all our colleagues around the world for their dedication and commitment to delivering on our new ambitions. We also thank our shareholders for their continued support.I’m proud to lead this great company towards its bicentenary with a renewed sense of purpose  energy and ambition  knowing that its best is yet to come.”A UNIFYING VISIONBureau Veritas’ unifying vision is to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability. This vision translates into an ambitious  customer-centric strategy  leveraging five secular trends: Sustainability  Energy Transition  Connectivity & Digitalization  Supply Chain Reconfiguration and Urbanization.LEAP I 28This new vision translates into a new strategy based on three pillars: Portfolio  Performance and People.Portfolio: Pursue undisputed market leadershipBureau Veritas will actively manage its Portfolio to attain market leadership positions on prioritized and focused businesses.To this end  the Group will implement a three-fold approach:Expand leadership in existing strongholds with established leadership positions  through a combination of rapid organic scaling and inorganic expansion. Accelerate growth in selected markets to create new long-term strongholds  investing early in fast growing strategic sectors (sustainability  energy transition and cyber for instance)  where the Group has a clear path to market leadership. Optimize value and impact from the remainder of the portfolio in a granular and consistent way. Businesses that do not meet stringent financial performance hurdles will be candidates for performance improvement or portfolio high grading.Portfolio ambition: Existing and new strongholds account for c.55% of 2023 Group revenue and will deliver 80% of incremental organic revenue over 2024-2028. In doing so  the Group expects to reach a top three position in 90% of its portfolio by the end of 2028 (versus 75% in 2023).Acquisitions play a key role in Bureau Veritas’ strategy. Firmly aligned with its “expand leadership and new strongholds” portfolio strategic directions  the Group is ready to accelerate its M&A ambition. While carrying on its bolt-on strategy  the Group will remain open and attentive to mid-size opportunities (revenue above 100 million euro)  in a very disciplined way  consistent with its criteria of strategic fit  price  profitability and value creation.Performance: a technology-augmented and modernized executionThe Group will accelerate performance through programs designed to deliver meaningful efficiency and productivity benefits. The objective is to entrench higher granularity in the measurement and management of the day-to-day business. It expects to also elevate customer experience  and service quality versus competitors  and will modernize and scale select operational and functional processes to extract operational efficiencies.The two programs are Operational Leverage & Functional Scalability and Innovation.1/ Operational Leverage & Functional Scalability. The Group is enhancing its delivery models  to better serve its customers and ultimately to reduce its cost to serve. Three key areas of focus have been identified to extract operational leverage: i) improving performance management and measurement; ii) modernizing operational and functional processes; iii) developing tech augmented service models.2/ Innovation. Innovation and technology are the backbone of the Group’s strategy through a three-layered approach. The Group has invested in scalable enterprise systems  mostly cloud-based  to strengthen its global operations across human resources  finance  and sales. Bureau Veritas will also constantly capture data through modernized operations systems  enabling its people in the field and in labs to deliver superior customer service. The third layer enables the Group to innovate with technologies including machine learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to address customer needs and create new revenue streams.Performance Ambition : The Group expects to accelerate growth through additional capacity from enhanced productivity  with the ambition to deliver up to 100 bps of operational leverage and up to 80 bps of functional scalability within the 5-year period. Around half of these performance programs’ savings are to be reinvested.People: Evolve Bureau Veritas’ People modelBureau Veritas is a technical knowledge company with over two thirds of its 83 000 employees possessing specific technical expertise: technicians  engineers  scientists  and other specialists. It excels in attracting and developing capable talents from all around the world. As a service company  Bureau Veritas’ people skills and knowledge are critical to its market differentiation and business success.Recognizing the new dynamics around people and skills  Bureau Veritas will evolve its people model  leveraging its deep-rooted knowledge and expertise to train and develop in-house strategic competencies needed for future growth  enhancing its competitive advantage.The Group’s competitive advantage and ability to outpace competition will come from:1/ “New economy” and strategic skills  around sustainability  energy transition and digital  by developing a new and systematic approach to the way employees’ skills are developed.2/ “Tech Augmented ways of working”: with the increasing role of technology  Bureau Veritas will develop new tech-augmented service models that require new skills and competencies. These enhanced service models will free experts to focus on adding value  improving productivity  and enhancing customer service quality.SUSTAINABILITY AT BUREAU VERITAS’ CORESUPPORTING CUSTOMERS’ SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEYAs customers’ organizations transform into more sustainable enterprises  the demand for associated services is only increasing. These include a range of activities: corporate strategy  operational transformation advisory  product stewardship and supply-chain reassurance  as well as non-financial reporting.Bureau Veritas’ mission is to support its customers in their transition journey to a new  sustainable state  through the development of novel solutions  and an active network of experts to support their transformation.Capitalizing on its technical expertise  field DNA  global reach and independent third-party role  Bureau Veritas’ ambition is to actively support its customers’ sustainability journey from transition to transformation. The Group will leverage its differentiating attributes to build leadership positions in two complementary segments of the market:Transition services: supporting clients’ move to more sustainable business models  through two types of activity: ESG transformation services  i.e. supporting the implementation and monitoring of plans  Compliance and reporting assistance services  supporting clients’ efforts to comply with and communicate on regulatory and voluntary disclosures;Green object services  supporting the build and maintenance of green assets  green products  and green commodities – e.g. renewables  new mobility  green fuels  etc.Sustainability ambition: The more narrowly defined subset of sustainability services – both transition services and green objects combined  represents circa 5% of 2023 Group revenue and is targeted to grow to 15% of Group revenue by 2028.2028 CSR AMBITIONSStaying true to its purpose of “Shaping a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress”  Bureau Veritas must be exemplary in its own sustainability journey.The Group’s CSR strategy addresses the three dimensions of environment  workplace  and business practices  to drive a positive transformation of Group activities and actions. This is delivered through the engagement of its 83 000 dedicated employees to shape a better environment  to shape a better workplace and to shape better practices. Bureau Veritas will be fully engaged to deliver on its CSR commitment. The Group will also accelerate its efforts built around six priorities: climate  circularity & biodiversity  health & safety  human capital  diversity  and ethics.The Group is committed to the achievement of five key performance indicators through 2028:UNITED NATIONS’SDGS 2023 2028TARGET ENVIRONMENT / NATURAL CAPITAL CO 2 emissions (scope 1 & 2  1 000 tons) #13 149 107 SOCIAL & HUMAN CAPITAL Total Accident Rate (TAR)3 #3 0.25 0.23 Proportion of women in leadership positions4 #5 29% 36% Number of training hours per employee (per year) #8 36.1 40.0 GOVERNANCE Proportion of employees trained to the Code of Ethics #16 97% 99%2028 FINANCIAL AMBITIONBureau Veritas is now a more resilient business and capable of a step change in growth and profitability. The new mid-term financial targets reflect this ambition:2024-2028 GROWTH CAGR High-single digit total revenue growth5 With: Organic: mid-to-high single digit And: M&A acceleration and portfolio high-grading MARGIN Consistent adjusted operating margin improvement5 EPS CAGR5 + DIVIDEND YIELD Double digit returns CASH Strong cash conversion6: above 90%CAPITAL ALLOCATION - AN ACCELERATED EXTERNAL GROWTH POLICYOver the period 2024-2028  the use of Free Cash Flow generated from our operations will be balanced between Capital Expenditure (Capex)  Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) and shareholder returns (Dividend):ASSUMPTIONS CAPEX Around 2.5-3.0% of Group revenue M&A M&A acceleration DIVIDEND Pay-out of 65% of Adjusted Net Profit LEVERAGE Between 1.0x-2.0x by 2028In support of its strategy  and reflecting its financial health  Bureau Veritas intends to acquire its own shares for up to 200 million euro in 2024  within the share buyback program approved by the shareholders meeting. This would be funded through available resources.CONNECTING TO CAPITAL MARKETS DAY Schedule (Paris Time): Wednesday March 20  2024 – 9:00am CET to 13:00pm CET The presentation slides will be available at: https://group.bureauveritas.com/capital-markets-day-2024 Please register and connect to https://investorday-bureauveritas.com/register to access the live event.FINANCIAL CALENDARQ1 2024 revenue: April 25  2024 Shareholders’ Meeting: June 20  2024 Half Year 2024 Results: July 26  2024 Q3 2024 revenue: October 23  2024About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress.With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 83 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com . ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 + 33 (0)6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comThis press release (including the appendices) contains forward-looking statements  which are based on current plans and forecasts of Bureau Veritas’ management. Such forward-looking statements are by their nature subject to a number of important risk and uncertainty factors such as those described in the Universal Registration Document (“Document d’enregistrement universel”) filed by Bureau Veritas with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) that could cause actual results to differ from the plans  objectives and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Bureau Veritas undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  according to applicable regulations.1 At constant currency2 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit3 TAR: Total Accident Rate (number of accidents with and without lost time x 200 000/number of hours worked).4 Proportion of women from the Executive Committee to Band III (internal grade corresponding to a management or executive management position) in the Group (number of women on a full-time equivalent basis in a leadership position/total number of full-time equivalents in leadership positions).5 At constant currency.6 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Bureau Veritas', 'step change', 'shareholder returns', 'growth', 'high single digit organic revenue growth', 'high single-digit total revenue growth', 'consistent adjusted operating margin improvement', 'fast growing strategic sectors', 'Pursue undisputed market leadership', 'new Performance-centric execution model', 'top three leadership position', 'stringent financial performance hurdles', 'Active Portfolio management strategy', 'portfolio high-grading Performance programs', 'high single-digit organic', 'Bureau Veritas’ unifying vision', 'rapid organic scaling', 'strong cash conversion2', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'five secular trends', 'Supply Chain Reconfiguration', 'portfolio high grading', 'double-digit shareholder returns', 'ambitious, customer-centric strategy', 'new long-term strongholds', 'Capital Markets Day', 'market leadership positions', 'customer value proposition', 'New customer-centric vision', 'new growth strongholds', 'high quality', 'organic growth', 'consistent way', 'performance improvement', 'financial ambitions', 'financial health', 'existing strongholds', 'new vision', 'New strategy', 'three pillars', 'strategic competencies', 'new chapter', 'new ambitions', 'strategic markets', 'new markets', 'future growth', 'higher growth', 'People model', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'step change', 'preferred partner', 'M&A', 'meaningful efficiency', 'operational leverage', 'rooted knowledge', 'responsible progress', 'CSR commitments', 'EPS CAGR', 'dividend yield', '200 million euro', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'two centuries', 'standing reputation', 'global reach', 'broad capabilities', 'clients’ excellence', 'societal changes', 'opex investments', 'great company', 'three-fold approach', 'inorganic expansion', 'clear path', 'customers’ excellence', 'Energy Transition', 'growth ambition', 'functional scalability', 'technical expertise', 'continued support', 'focused businesses', 'LEAP I', '2028 strategy', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'France', 'March', 'Group', 'sustainability', 'core', 'productivity', 'benefits', 'innovation', 'deep', 'purpose', 'world', 'trust', 'shares', 'society', 'integrity', 'technological', 'history', 'terms', 'impact', 'remainder', 'technology', 'mid-to', 'colleagues', 'dedication', 'shareholders', 'bicentenary', 'renewed', 'sense', 'Connectivity', 'Digitalization', 'Urbanization', 'prioritized', 'combination', 'cyber', 'instance', 'granular', 'candidates']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37916,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SCATEC-ASA-18138342/news/Scatec-Corporate-Governance-Report-2023-46239036/,Scatec : Corporate Governance Report 2023 -March 20  2024 at 04:04 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Corporate Governance Report   Scatec ASA   Adopted by the   Board of Directors 19 March 2024     2 Scatec ASA - Corporate Governance Report 2023   Scatec ASA has made a strong commitment to ensure trust in the Company…,"Corporate Governance Report Scatec ASA Adopted by the Board of Directors 19 March 20242 Scatec ASA - Corporate Governance Report 2023 Scatec ASA (Scatec or the Company) has made a strong commitment to ensure trust in the Company and to enhance shareholder value through effective decision-making and transparent communication between the management  the Board of Directors and the shareholders. This report is prepared by the Board of Directors to present the Company's corporate governance structure. The Company complies with the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance (the Code of Practice) (available at the Norwegian Corporate Governance Committee's website  www.nues.no) based on the ""comply or explain"" principle. This report is structured to cover all sections of the Code of Practice and any deviations between the Company's corporate governance and the Code of Practice will be discussed under the relevant section of the report. 1. Implementation and reporting on corporate governance The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that the Company conducts its business using sound corporate governance and to ensure that the Company's standards for corporate governance reflect the Code of Practice. The principal purpose of the Code of Practice is to ensure (i) that listed companies implement corporate governance practices that regulates the division of responsibilities between the shareholders  the Board of Directors and Executive Management more comprehensively than the legislation requires  and (ii) effective management and control over activities with the aim of securing the greatest possible value creation over time in the best interest of shareholders  employees and other stakeholders. The Company's framework for corporate governance is intended to fulfil this purpose and thereby decrease business risk  maximise value and utilise the Company's resources in an efficient  sustainable manner  to the benefit of shareholders  employees and society at large. The overall responsibility for the Company's corporate governance rests with the board  and is implemented through the Board of Directors  the Audit and Sustainability Committee and the Organisation and Remuneration Committee. Scatec's values constitute a key premise for the Company's corporate governance. The key values of the Company are: predictable  driving results  changemakers and working together. These values aim to characterise the behaviour of the Company and the Company's employees and form the basis for the Company's ethical guidelines. The Board of Directors has adopted overarching guidelines for corporate governance  including rules of procedure for the Board of Directors  instructions for the Audit and Sustainability Committee and the Organisation and Remuneration Committee respectively  insider manuals  manual on disclosure of information  ethical guidelines and guidelines for corporate social responsibility. The corporate governance framework of the Company is subject to annual reviews and discussions by the Board of Directors. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements for corporate governance under the Accounting Act section 3-3b and the Euronext Oslo Rule Book II section 4.4  available at www. lovdata.noand www.oslobors.norespectively.3 Scatec ASA - Corporate Governance Report 2023 2. Business The Company is a leading renewable energy solution provider  accelerating access to reliable and affordable clean energy in emerging markets. As a long-term player  the Company and its subsidiaries develop  build  own and operate renewable energy plants  with 4.2 GW in operations and under construction across four continents today. Additionally  Scatec started construction of 0.3 GW in the first quarter 2024. The Company's business is defined in the Company's articles of association (the ""Articles of Association"") section 3: ""The company's business is establishment and operation of business within renewable energy  hereunder investment in companies operating such business."" The Company has adopted and implemented guidelines to ensure it creates value for its shareholders in a sustainable manner into its business and value creation for its shareholders through its sustainability framework and reporting. The Company's objectives  principal strategies and stakeholder engagement are further described in the Company's annual report  sustainability report and on the Company's website www.scatec.com.4 Scatec ASA - Corporate Governance Report 2023 3. Equity and dividends Capital Structure The Board of Director's continuously evaluate the capital structure  including equity and liquidity. At 31 December 2023  the Company's consolidated equity was NOK 10 570 million  which is equivalent to 25% of total assets. The Board of Directors considers this equity level to be satisfactory. The Company's capital structure is continuously considered in light of its objectives  strategy and risk profile. For further description of financial risks  please see the Company's annual report. Dividend policy All shares in the Company have equal rights to dividends. The Company reported to the market in its financial report for Q4 2022 that ""the dividend will be assessed annually by the board based on the Company's capital situation"". The Board of Directors have assessed the macro-economic factors  funding alternatives and capital situation of the Company and determined in Q3 2023 that it would be in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to amend the Company's dividend policy so the expected distribution percentage shall be reduced from 15% to 0%. The dividend policy will continue to be assessed on an annual basis.5 Scatec ASA - Corporate Governance Report 2023 Capital increases and issuance of shares The Board is currently  and until the General Meeting of 2024  but in no event later than 30 June 2024  authorised by the General Meeting to resolve an increase in the Company's share capital  in one or more rounds  by a total of NOK 446 965 through two separate authorisations: One authorisation which allows for increase in the share capital by a total of up to NOK 397 293. The authorisation was granted by the Annual General Meeting held 18 April 2023 and may be used for the purpose of strengthening the Company's equity and issuing shares as consideration in connection with acquisitions of businesses within the Company's purpose. As per the date of this document  the authorisation mentioned in i) above has not been used. A second authorisation which allows for increase in the share capital by a total of up to NOK 49 672. This authorisation was granted by the Annual General Meeting 18 April 2023 and may be used for issuing of shares in connection with the Company's incentive schemes. As per the date of this document  the authorisation mentioned in ii) above has not been used. Trading in own shares The Board is currently  and until the Annual General Meeting of 2024  but in no event later than 30 June 2024  authorised by the General Meeting to  in one or more rounds  acquire shares with a total nominal value of up to NOK 844 258 through three separate authorisations: One authorisation which allows for purchase of shares with a nominal value of up to NOK 397 293. Shares acquired pursuant to this authorisation shall be used in connection with acquisitions  mergers  de-mergers or other transactions. A second authorisation which allows for purchase of shares with a nominal value of up to NOK 397 293. Shares acquired pursuant to this authorisation shall be used for investment purposes or for subsequent sale or deletion of the shares. A third authorisation which allows for purchase up to 1 986 910 own shares in the company  in one or more rounds  up to an aggregate nominal value of NOK 49 672. Shares acquired pursuant to this authorisation shall be utilised for incentive schemes. The authorisations to acquire own share are in line with the Company's Corporate Governance policy. None of the authorisations have been used as of the date this document was adopted.6 Scatec ASA - Corporate Governance Report 2023 4. Equal treatment of shareholders Pre-emption rights to subscribe According to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act  the Company's shareholders have pre-emption rights in share offerings against cash contribution. Such pre-emption rights may however be set aside  either by the General Meeting or by the Board of Directors if the General Meeting has granted a Board authorisation which allows for this. Any resolution proposed by the Board to set aside pre-emption rights will be in the common interests of the Company and the shareholders  and the basis for such deviation will be publicly disclosed through a stock exchange notice from the Company. Trading in own shares In the event of a future share buy-back programme  the Board of Directors shall ensure that all transactions pursuant to such programme will be carried out either through the trading system at Oslo Børs or at prevailing prices at Oslo Børs. In the event of such programme  the Board of Directors will take the Company's and shareholders' interests into consideration and maintain transparency and equal treatment of all shareholders. If there is limited liquidity in the Company's shares  the Company shall consider other ways to ensure equal treatment of all shareholders. Guidelines for directors and Executive Management The Board of Directors has adopted rules of procedures for the Board of Directors which inter alia includes guidelines for notification by members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management if they have any material direct or indirect interest in any transaction entered into by the Company. 5. Shares and negotiability The Company has one class of shares  and all shares carry equal rights in the Company. There are no limitations on a party's ability to own  trade or vote for shares in the Company.7 Scatec ASA - Corporate Governance Report 2023 6. General meetings The Board of Directors will make its best efforts to ensure that the Company's shareholders can participate in the General Meeting. The General Meeting is held digitally  and any shareholder who is not able to participate on the day of the meeting can be represented by proxy or vote in advance. Notification The Board of Directors will seek to ensure that the resolutions and supporting information distributed are sufficiently detailed and precise to allow shareholders to form a view on all matters to be considered at the meeting. Participation and execution In accordance with the Norwegian Public Liability Companies Act  the Company's Articles of Association requires shareholders to give notice to the Company of their participation at General Meetings within five days prior to the General Meeting. The Company will aim to prepare and facilitate the use of proxy forms which allows separate voting instructions to be given for each item on the agenda and nominate a person who will be available to vote on behalf of shareholders as their proxy. To the extent deemed appropriate or necessary  the Board of Directors will seek to arrange for the General Meeting to vote separately on each candidate nominated for election to the Company's corporate bodies. Explanation for deviation from the Code of Practice in regard to recommendation that all Directors should attend the AGM: It is the intention of the Company that the Chair of the Board shall be present at General Meetings. The Company will however  normally not have all Directors attend as the Company believes this is unnecessary. The Chair is represented in all the Board committees and is considered qualified to answers any questions directed to the Board. Explanation for deviation from the Code of Practice regarding the recommendation on separate voting on each candidate to the Company's corporate bodies: In 2023  the voting on members to the nomination committee took place as a combined vote to ensure combined expertise and to comply with the nomination committee's overall recommendation. The auditor will attend the ordinary General Meeting and any extraordinary General Meetings to the extent required by the agenda items or other relevant circumstances. External legal counsel will be chairing the General Meetings.8 Scatec ASA - Corporate Governance Report 2023 7. Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee is governed by the Articles of Association section 8 and preforms its responsibilities in accordance with the instructions for the Nomination Committee as adopted by the General Meeting. The Nomination Committee consist of two to four members who shall be shareholders or shareholder representatives. The members are elected by the General Meeting for a term of one or two years and can be re-elected. The Nomination Committee gives recommendations to the General Meeting regarding election of members to the Board of Directors and Nomination Committee  and their compensation. The basis for the proposal(s) for each candidate shall be disclosed. The current members of the Nomination Committee are: Kristine Ryssdal (Chair) until 2024Mads Holm until 2025Annie Golden Bersagel until 2025Christian Rom until 2025 Their profiles are available atwww.scatec.com/investor. All shareholders are welcome to propose candidates for election on the Company's website  www. scatec.com/investor.9 Scatec ASA - Corporate Governance Report 2023 8. Board of Directors: composition and independence Pursuant to the Articles of Association section 7  the Company's Board of Directors shall consist of three to seven members. The term of office for members of the Board of Directors is two years at a time  with the possibility for re-election. The Board of Directors currently consists of the following five members: John Andersen (Chair) until 2024Maria Moræus Hanssen until 2024Mette Krogsrud until 2024Espen Gundersen until 2024Gisele Marchand until 2025Jørgen Kildahl until 2025Morten Henriksen until 2025 The Chair of the Board is elected by the General Meeting. All members of the Board of Directors are considered independent of the Company's Executive Management and material business contracts. Furthermore  Maria Moræus Hanssen  Gisele Marchand  Jørgen Kildahl  Espen Gundersen  Mette Krogsrud and Morten Henriksen are all considered independent of the Company's main shareholders. The Board of Directors does not include executive personnel. Diversity is a business imperative in the Company. Building a culture that nurtures diversity in all aspects is key to delivering on our goals and foster innovation - key to be changemakers  and the Company aspires diversity in all parts of the organisation  including the Board of Directors. For the Board of Directors  the diversity requirement is implemented in the instructions for the Nomination Committee clause 4.5 a) (ii)  which requires the Nomination Committee to ensure that the Board of Directors meets the Company's need for expertise  capacity  and diversity. The Board of Directors currently has 43% female representation and a diverse professional background with respect to both education and working experience. The committees are appointed by the Board of Directors  considering each Director's professional and personal qualities. Currently  the Committees have a range between 25% - 50% female representation. The Company's annual report provides information to illustrate the expertise of the members of the Board of Directors and their record of attendance at Board meetings  how long they have been members of the Board  as well as identify which members are considered to be independent. The Directors are encouraged to own shares in the Company  and are required to invest a minimum of 20% of the gross board remuneration to purchase shares in the Company until they own shares of a value corresponding to one year's gross board remuneration. The shares must be retained for as long as the Board member holds the position. Holdings exceeding one year's board remuneration are not subject to this requirement.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.8,0.18,0.02,True,English,"['Corporate Governance Report', 'Scatec', 'March', '04:04', 'Euronext Oslo Rule Book II', 'leading renewable energy solution provider', 'greatest possible value creation', 'Corporate Governance Report Scatec ASA', 'Norwegian Corporate Governance Committee', 'renewable energy plants', 'affordable clean energy', 'sound corporate governance', 'corporate governance practices', 'corporate social responsibility', 'efficient, sustainable manner', 'Accounting Act section', 'corporate governance structure', 'corporate governance framework', 'overall responsibility', '2 Scatec ASA', '3 Scatec ASA', '4 Scatec ASA', 'Sustainability Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'annual report', 'sustainability report', 'Capital Structure', 'Norwegian Code', 'strong commitment', 'shareholder value', 'effective decision-making', 'transparent communication', 'relevant section', 'best interest', 'other stakeholders', 'key premise', 'driving results', 'insider manuals', 'annual reviews', 'emerging markets', 'long-term player', 'four continents', 'first quarter', 'sustainability framework', 'principal strategies', 'stakeholder engagement', 'total assets', 'risk profile', 'financial risks', 'Dividend policy', 'equal rights', 'Executive Management', 'effective management', 'ethical guidelines', 'overarching guidelines', 'principal purpose', 'listed companies', 'consolidated equity', 'equity level', 'key values', 'reporting requirements', 'business risk', 'The Company', 'The Board', 'Directors', 'trust', 'shareholders', 'website', 'nues', 'explain', 'principle', 'sections', 'deviations', 'Implementation', 'standards', 'division', 'responsibilities', 'legislation', 'control', 'activities', 'aim', 'time', 'employees', 'resources', 'benefit', 'society', 'Audit', 'Organisation', 'predictable', 'changemakers', 'behaviour', 'basis', 'rules', 'procedure', 'instructions', 'disclosure', 'information', 'discussions', 'www', 'oslobors', 'access', 'reliable', 'subsidiaries', '4.2 GW', 'operations', 'construction', '0.3 GW', 'articles', 'association', 'establishment', 'investment', 'objectives', 'dividends', 'liquidity', '31 December', 'NOK', 'light', 'strategy', 'description', 'shares']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37917,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLARANOVA-SE-63216172/news/Claranova-Avis-de-Convocation-BALO-March-20-2024-Convening-Notice-English-version-46239247/,Claranova : Avis de Convocation BALO - March 20  2024 - Convening Notice - English version -March 20  2024 at 04:34 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Unofficial convenience translation of the French original for information purposes of the BALO Bulletin° 35 of March 20  2024   CLARANOVA S.E.   A European company with capital of €57 206 910   Registered office: Immeuble Ada…,"Unofficial convenience translation of the French original for information purposes of the BALO Bulletin° 35 of March 20  2024 CLARANOVA S.E. A European company (Societas Europaea or SE) with capital of €57 206 910 Registered office: Immeuble Adamas  2 rue Berthelot  CS 80141 92414 Courbevoie Cedex Registered in Nanterre (RCS No.°329°764°625) SECOND CONVENING NOTICE TO THE COMBINED GENERAL MEETING (AVIS DE CONVOCATION) And addendum to the preliminary convening notice published in Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires No.°26 of Feb. 28  2024 The shareholders of CLARANOVA S.E. (the ""Company"") are invited to attend to the Combined Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting (the ""Combined General Meeting"") on Friday April 5  2024  at 3 pm at 1  Parvis de la Défense  DESKEO La Défense - Grande Arche  Auditorium de la Grande Arche de la Défense  92800 Puteaux  France in order to deliberate on the following agenda: Agenda RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING Approval of the revised ""ex ante"" compensation policy for the Company's CEO for FY 2023-2024 Approval of the revised ""ex ante"" compensation policy for the Company's Deputy CEO for FY 2023-2024 Approval of the revised ""ex ante"" compensation policy for the Company's non-executive officers for FY 2023-2024 Approval of the revised ""ex ante"" compensation policy for the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company for FY 2023-2024 RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED TO THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING Authorization to be given to the Board of Directors  in accordance with Articles L. 225-197-1 to L. 225- 197-5 and L. 22-10-59 of the French Commercial Code  to grant existing or future performance shares to the Deputy CEO without consideration  with shareholders waiving their preferential subscription rights) Authorization to be given to the Board of Directors  in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 22- 10-60  1° of the French Commercial Code  to grant restricted stock units under the conditions set out in Articles L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-5 and L. 22-10-59 of the French Commercial Code  with shareholders waiving their preferential subscription rights. Authorization to be given to the Board of Directors  in accordance with the provisions of article L. 22- 10-60  2° of the French Commercial Code  to grant options  under the conditions set out in articles L. 225-129 et seq.  L. 225-177 to 225-186 and L. 22-10-56 to L. 22-10-58 and L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code  for the benefit of all employees of the Company and at least 90% of the employees of its subsidiaries as defined in Article L. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code and governed by Article L. 210-3 of the same Code  with shareholders waiving their preferential subscription rights. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing shares and equity securities giving access to other equity securities or entitlement to debt securities and/or securities giving access to equity securities of the Company  any subsidiary and/or any other company affiliated thereto  maintaining the preferential subscription right Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing shares and equity securities giving access to other equity securities or entitlement to debt securities and/or securities giving access to the equity securities of the of the Company  any subsidiary and/or any other company affiliated thereto  with the cancellation of the preferential subscription right  through a public offering and with an option to grant a priority right Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to issue debt securities giving access to the capital of subsidiaries of the Company and/or of any other company affiliated thereto (to be used outside periods of public offerings) Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to proceed with a capital increase  without preferential subscription rights  by issuing shares  equity securities giving access to other equity securities or granting a right to the allotment of debt securities and/or securities giving access to equity securities of the Company  any subsidiary and/or any other company related to the Company  as part of an offering governed by Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code  reserved for a limited number of investors (""cercle restreint d'investisseurs"")Authorization to be granted in accordance with Article L. 22-10-52° paragraph 2 of the French Commercial Code to the Board of Directors to set the issue price of shares  securities in the form of equity securities giving access to other equity securities or entitlement to the allotment of debt securities and/or securities giving access to equity securities  canceling the preferential subscription rights within the framework of the delegation of authority covered by the ninth  tenth and eleventh resolutions. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing shares and equity securities giving access to other equity securities or entitlement to debt securities and/or securities giving access to equity securities  with the cancellation of the preferential subscription right  in favor of a specific category of individuals Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the number of shares to be issued in the event of a capital increase giving access to the share capital of the Company  any subsidiary and/or any other company affiliated thereto  with or without preferential subscription rights Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to issue shares and securities giving access to the capital of the Company  one of its subsidiaries and/or another company as consideration for contributions in kind Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors for the purpose of issuing securities through a capital increase in the event of a public exchange offer initiated by the Company Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to issue  on one or more occasions  share warrants giving entitlement to subscribe for new ordinary shares in the Company  with shareholders' preferential subscription rights waived  for the benefit of specified categories of persons. Setting the maximum amount of issues that may be carried out by virtue of the delegations of authority granted Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to carry out a capital increase by issuing shares or securities giving access to the capital  reserved for participants in a company stock ownership plan  with cancellation of preferential subscription rights in favor of the latter Modification of article 15 of the Company's Articles of Association to allow the Board of Directors to be called by the Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors and to abolish the casting vote of the Chairman of the Board of Directors. RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING Resolution A. added at the request of shareholders of the Company and not approved by the Board of Directors Termination of Mr. Francis Meston's appointment as member of Claranova's Board of Directors Resolution B. added at the request of shareholders of the Company and not approved by the Board of Directors Termination of Mr. Roger Bloxberg's appointment as member of Claranova's Board of Directors Resolution C. added at the request of shareholders of the Company and not approved by the Board of Directors Appointment of Mr. Cyrille Crocquevieille as Director 21. Powers for formalities Shareholders' attention is drawn to the fact that the agenda and draft resolutions presented in the preliminary convening notice published in the French publication for legal announcements (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires or BALO) No. 26 of February 28  2024 have been amended and completed in order to take into account certain adjustments decided by the Board of Directors on March 14  2024 as well as the addition or amendment of certain resolutions submitted by certain shareholders. Based on the above  the draft resolutions to be submitted to the Annual General Meeting are those set out below. RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING FIRST RESOLUTION (Approval of the revised ""ex ante"" compensation policy for the Company's CEO for FY 2023-2024) The General Meeting  voting in accordance with quorum and majority rules for ordinary general meetings  after considering Chapter 3 of the Company's FY 2022-2023 universal registration document  which constitutes the corporate governance report referred to in Article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code  and the Board of Directors' report containing the revised compensation policy for the CEO for FY 2023-2024  approves  in accordance with Article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code  the revised compensation policy for the Company's CEO for FY 2023-2024  as presented in the Corporate Governance Report and the Board of Directors' report in Appendix 1. Page 2 / 29SECOND RESOLUTION (Approval of the revised ""ex ante"" compensation policy for the Company's Deputy CEO for FY 2023-2024) The General Meeting  voting in accordance with quorum and majority rules for ordinary general meetings  after considering Chapter 3 of the Company's FY 2023-2024 universal registration document  which constitutes the corporate governance report referred to in Article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code  and the Board of Directors' report containing the revised compensation policy for the Deputy CEO for FY 2023-2024  approves  in accordance with Article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code  the revised compensation policy for FY 2023-2024 for the Company's Deputy CEO  as presented in Appendix 2 to the Board of Directors' report. THIRD RESOLUTION (Approval of the revised ""ex ante"" compensation policy for the Company's non-executive officers for FY 2023-2024) The General Meeting  voting in accordance with quorum and majority rules for ordinary general meetings  after considering Chapter 3 of the Company's FY 2022-2023 universal registration document  which constitutes the corporate governance report referred to in Article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code  and the Board of Directors' report containing the revised compensation policy for the Company's non-executive officers for the FY 2023-2024  approves  in accordance with Article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code  the revised compensation policy for FY 2023-2024 for the Company's non-executive officers  as presented in Appendix 3 to the Board of Directors' report. FOURTH RESOLUTION (Approval of the revised ""ex ante"" compensation policy for the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company for FY 2023-2024) The General Meeting  voting in accordance with quorum and majority rules for ordinary general meetings  after considering Chapter 3 of the Company's FY 2022-2023 universal registration document  which constitutes the corporate governance report referred to in Article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code  and the Board of Directors' report containing the revised compensation policy for the Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors for FY 2023-2024  approves  in accordance with Article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code  the compensation policy for FY 2023-2024 for the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company  as presented in Appendix 4 to the Board of Directors' report. RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED TO THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING FIFTH RESOLUTION (Authorization to be given to the Board of Directors  in accordance with Articles L. 225- 197-1 to L. 225-197-5 and L. 22-10-59 of the French Commercial Code  to grant existing or future performance shares to the Deputy CEO without consideration  with shareholders waiving their preferential subscription rights) The General Meeting  voting in accordance with quorum and majority rules for extraordinary general meetings  having considered (i) the report of the Board of Directors and (ii) the Statutory Auditors' special report  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-59  L. 22-10-60 and L. 225-197-1et seq. of the French Commercial Code : authorizes the Board of Directors to proceed with restricted stock awards (attribution gratuite d'actions) granting existing shares and/or shares to be issued  on one or more occasions  in the proportions and at the times it deems appropriate  to the Deputy CEO  subject to the achievement of performance targets; resolves that the total number of new or existing performance shares granted for no consideration under this authorization may not exceed (i) 0.15% of the total number of shares comprising the Company's share capital until June 30  2024 and (ii) a total of 0  2% of the total number of shares comprising the Company's share capital for the duration of the authorization (including the 0.15% and any grants made pursuant to the sixth resolution)  it being specified that the total number of shares referred to above will be determined each time the present authorization is used by the Board of Directors  in relation to the share capital existing at that date and that this amount will be deducted from the maximum limit set forth in the sixth resolution  the seventh resolution and the aggregate maximum limit set forth in the eighteenth resolution. Page 3 / 29resolves that the Board of Directors will set the criteria for grants of these performance shares without consideration in accordance with the ""ex ante"" compensation policy for FY 2023-2024 submitted for approval at the General Meeting; resolves that these performance shares will become fully vested on the basis of conditions of presence and performance in accordance with the ""ex ante"" compensation policy for FY 2023-2024 submitted for approval at the General Meeting; duly notes that if any grants are made to the corporate officers referred to in Article L. 225-197-1 II  paragraphs 1 and 2 of the French Commercial Code  such grants must comply with the provisions of Article L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code; resolves that all performance shares granted without consideration will become fully vested at the end of a minimum period of three years  subject to the obligation to retain a percentage of the shares set by the Board of Directors  which the beneficiary will be required to hold in registered form as long as he or she remains with the Company. resolves that in the cases of disability of the beneficiary falling under the second and third categories provided for in Article L.341-4 of the French Social Security Code (Code de la Sécurité Sociale)  or equivalent provisions in other countries  including in the event of the occurrence of such disability during the vesting period  the shares may be definitively granted before the end of the vesting period and shall be freely transferable upon their delivery; resolves that this authorization automatically constitutes waiver by operation of law by the shareholders of their preferential subscription right to the shares that would be issued by virtue of this resolution in favor of the beneficiaries; resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to take any measures it deems appropriate to protect the rights of beneficiaries of performance share grants during the vesting period; and duly notes that in the event of an award of new performance shares  this authorization will entail  as and when the said shares become fully vested  a capital increase by capitalization of reserves  profits or additional paid-in capital in favor of the beneficiary of said performance shares and a corresponding waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights with respect to the said shares in favor of the performance share beneficiary. The General Meeting grants full powers to the Board of Directors  with the power of sub-delegation in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  to implement this authorization  in accordance with the conditions described above and within the limits authorized by the laws in force  and in particular to: determine whether the performance shares granted represent shares to be issued and/or existing shares  and to modify its choice before the definitive allotment of said shares;provide  as applicable  for the possibility of deferring the dates for the definitive allotment of the performance shares;record the vesting dates and the dates from which the performance shares may be freely transferred;make any adjustments to the number of restricted stock units granted during the vesting period that may be necessary to preserve the rights of beneficiaries  it being specified that performance shares granted in application of these adjustments will be deemed to have been granted on the same day as the shares initially granted;in the event of the issue of new performance shares  deduct  where appropriate  from the reserves  profits or issue premiums  the sums required to pay up the shares  record the completion of the capital increases carried out pursuant to this authorization  and make the corresponding amendments to the articles of association;take all useful measures and conclude all agreements to properly complete the proposed issues; and more generally carry out all formalities required for the issue  listing and financial servicing of the securities issued pursuant to this resolution and do all that is useful and necessary under the laws and regulations in force. This authorization is given for a period that may not exceed thirty-eight (38) months from the date of this General Meeting. Page 4 / 29SIXTH RESOLUTION (Authorization to be given to the Board of Directors  in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 22-10-60 1° of the French Commercial Code  to grant restricted stock units (gratuite d'actions) under the conditions set out in Articles L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-5 and L. 22-10-59 of the French Commercial Code  with shareholders waiving their preferential subscription rights The General Meeting  voting in accordance with quorum and majority rules for extraordinary general meetings  having considered (i) the report of the Board of Directors and (ii) the Statutory Auditors' special report  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-59  L. 22-10-60 and L. 225-197-1et seq. of the French Commercial Code: authorizes the Board of Directors  in accordance with Articles L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-5 and L. 22-10-59 of the French Commercial Code and Article L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code  to grant restricted stock units conferring entitlement to existing or future shares of the Company; resolves that the total number of new or existing shares or shares to be issued under this authorization may not represent more than 0.2% of the Company's share capital on the date of the Board of Directors' decision to grant said units  with the proviso that this amount will be deducted from the maximum limit set forth in the fifth resolution  the seventh resolution and the aggregate maximum limit set forth in the eighteenth resolution; resolves that the Board of Directors will set the criteria for these restricted stock unit awards and determine the list or categories of beneficiaries as well as the number of restricted stock units awarded to each within the above- mentioned limits  it being specified that the vesting of shares thus granted shall be subject to conditions of presence and performance set by the Board of Directors at the time of their grant. The conditions of performance must be serious and demanding and may be linked to criteria internal and/or external to the Group; duly notes that if any grants are made to the corporate officers referred to in Article L. 225-197-1 II  paragraphs 1 and 2 of the French Commercial Code  such grants must comply with the provisions of Article L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code; resolves that the restricted stock units will be fully vested after a minimum period of one year  with  should the Board of Directors so decides  an obligation requiring the beneficiaries to hold the shares for an additional period. If the vesting period (période d'acquisition) decided by the Board of Directors is less than two years  then a holding period (période de conservation) for the shares shall be required so that the combined vesting and holding periods is not less than two years; resolves that in the cases of disability of the beneficiary falling under the second and third categories provided for in Article L.341-4 of the French Social Security Code (Code de la Sécurité Sociale)  or equivalent provisions in other countries  the shares may be definitively granted before the end of the vesting period and shall be freely transferable upon their delivery; resolves that this authorization automatically constitutes waiver by operation of law by the shareholders of their preferential subscription right to the shares that would be issued by virtue of this resolution in favor of the beneficiaries; resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to take any measures it deems appropriate to protect the rights of beneficiaries of restricted stock units during the vesting period; and duly notes that in the event of an award of restricted stock units from new shares  this authorization will entail  as said shares are fully vested  a capital increase by capitalizing reserves  profits or issue premiums for the benefit of the beneficiaries of said shares and a corresponding waiver by shareholders in favor of the beneficiaries of said shares of their preferential subscription rights to said shares. The General Meeting grants full powers to the Board of Directors  with the power of sub-delegation in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  to implement this authorization  in accordance with the conditions described above and within the limits authorized by the laws in force  and in particular to: determine whether the restricted stock units granted represent shares to be issued and/or existing shares; Page 5 / 29determine the list or categories of beneficiaries of the shares;set the conditions and  if necessary  the criteria for granting shares  in particular the length of the vesting period and the length of the holding period required of each beneficiary;provide for the possibility of temporarily suspending allotment rights;record the final vesting dates and the dates from which the shares may be freely transferred  subject to any restrictions imposed by law;make any adjustments to the number of shares awarded during the vesting period that may be necessary to preserve the rights of beneficiaries;in the event of the issue of new shares  deduct  where appropriate  from the reserves  profits or issue premiums  the sums required to pay up the shares  to record the completion of the capital increases carried out pursuant to this authorization  and make the corresponding amendments to the articles of association; and generallytake all useful measures and conclude all agreements to properly complete the proposed grants. This authorization is given for a period that may not exceed thirty-eight (38) months from the date of this General Meeting. SEVENTH RESOLUTION Authorization to be given to the Board of Directors  in accordance with the provisions of article L. 22-10-60  2° of the French Commercial Code  to grant options  under the conditions set out in articles L. 225-129 et seq.  L. 225-177 to 225-186 and L. 22-10-56 to L. 22-10-58 and L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code  for the benefit of all employees of the Company and at least 90% of the employees of its subsidiaries as defined in Article L. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code and governed by Article L. 210-3 of the same Code  with shareholders waiving their preferential subscription rights) The General Meeting  voting in accordance with quorum and majority rules for extraordinary general meetings  after considering the(i) Board of Directors' report and (ii) the statutory auditors' special report  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-129et seq.  L. 225-177 to 225-186 and L. 22-10-56 to L. 22- 10-58 and L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code  authorizes the Board of Directors  for a period of thirty-eight (38) months  to grant  in accordance with the conditions set out in Articles L. 225-129 et seq  L. 225-177 to 225-186 and L. 22-10-56 to L. 22-10-58 and L. 22- 10-60  2° of the French Commercial Code  options giving a right to subscribe for new ordinary shares in the Company  representing  to the fullest extent authorized by applicable regulations  up to 0.2% of the Company's share capital  for the benefit of all its employees and at least 90% of all the employees of its subsidiaries within the meaning of Article L. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code and falling within the scope of Article L. 210-3 of the French Commercial Code; resolves that the subscription price for the Company's shares will be the higher of (i) one hundred percent (100%) of the weighted average trading price of the Company's shares over the twenty (20) trading days preceding the date on which the options are granted on Euronext Paris  and (ii) one hundred percent (100%) of the average closing price of the Company's shares on Euronext Paris over the twenty (20) trading days preceding the date on which the options are granted  less a discount  if any  within the limits authorized by the applicable regulation; duly notes that this authorization entails the express waiver by shareholders of their preferential subscription rights in favor of the beneficiaries of the stock options; confers full powers to the Board of Directors to determine the terms and conditions for granting and exercising options  establish the list of beneficiaries  record the completion of the capital increases and perform all necessary formalities; resolves that the nominal amount of any capital increases carried out under this authorization will be deducted from the 0.2% limit provided for under the fifth resolution. Page 6 / 29EIGHTH RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to be given to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing shares and equity securities giving access to other equity securities or entitlement to debt securities and/or securities giving access to the equity securities of the Company and/or any subsidiary  maintaining the preferential subscription right) The General Meeting  voting in accordance with quorum and majority rules for extraordinary general meetings  after considering the(i) Board of Directors' report and (ii) the statutory auditors' special report  and after noting for the record that the share capital is fully paid up  in accordance with articles L. 225-129et seq.  and notably Articles L. 225-129-2 and L. 225-132  as well as the provisions of Articles L. 228-91  and in particular Article L. 228-93et seq. and L. 22-10-49et seq. of the French Commercial Code  delegates to the Board of Directors  with the power of sub-delegation to the extent authorized by law and the articles of association  its power to increase the capital  on one or more occasions  issuing  in proportions and at such times of its choosing  in euros or any other currency or units of account established by reference to several currencies  by issuing shares of the Company or equity securities giving access to other equity securities or entitlement to debt securities and/or securities (including notably all debt securities) giving access to the equity securities of the Company which may be paid for either in cash or by offset against certain  due and payable claims or  in part by the capitalization of reserves  earnings or premiums; specifies as necessary that this delegation of authority expressly excludes the issuance of preferred shares and securities giving access to preferred shares; delegates to the Board of Directors  with the power of sub-delegation to the extent authorized by law and the articles of association  its authority to decide upon the issuance of securities giving access to the capital of companies of which the Company directly or indirectly holds more than half the capital; duly notes that  in accordance with Article L. 228-93 of the French Commercial Code  the decision to issue securities giving access to the capital of companies in which the Company directly or indirectly owns more than half the capital shall require the approval of the extraordinary general meeting of the companies in question; resolves that the maximum nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out  immediately and/or in the future  pursuant to this delegation of authority is set at €50 000 000 (or the equivalent value of such amount in the event of an issue in another authorized currency)  whereby it is specified that: the maximum nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out  immediately and/or in the future under this delegation of authority shall be included within the aggregate maximum limit for capital increases provided for under eighteenth resolution;this amount will be increased  as necessary  by the nominal amount of shares to be issued  in accordance with the law  and  as necessary  applicable contractual provisions  to preserve the rights of holders of securities and other rights giving access to the company's capital; resolves that the maximum nominal amount of debt securities which may be issued  immediately and/or in the future  pursuant to this delegation of authority is set at €100 000 000 (or the equivalent value of such amount in the event of an issue in another authorized currency)  whereby it is specified that this amount will be included under the aggregate maximum limit provided for in the eighteenth resolution ; resolves in the event of use by the Board of Directors of this delegation  that: shares issued will be reserved in priority for shareholders eligible on an irreducible basis ( à titre irréductible ) in proportion to the number of shares owned by them at that time;) in proportion to the number of shares owned by them at that time; the Board of Directors may  in accordance with Article L. 225-133 of the French Commercial Code  grant subject to reduction ( à titre réductible ) those shares not subscribed to on an irreducible basis ( à titre irréductible ) to shareholders having subscribed to a greater number of shares to which they were entitled on a preferential basis  in proportion to their subscription rights and within the limit of their demand;225-133 of the French Commercial Code  grant subject to reduction ( ) those shares not subscribed to on an irreducible basis ( ) to shareholders having subscribed to a greater number of shares to which they were entitled on a preferential basis  in proportion to their subscription rights and within the limit of their demand; in accordance with Article L. 225-134 of the French Commercial Code  if subscriptions on an irreducible basis for new shares  and as the case may be  for excess shares subject to reduction  should fail to account for the entire issue  the Board of Directors may use the different options provided by law in the order series fit  Page 7 / 29including public offerings in France and/or other countries; resolves that the price of the securities giving access to the Company's capital will be such that the amount received immediately  plus any amount that may be received in the future  shall be at least equal to the par value of each ordinary share of the Company issued under this authorization; resolves that the issuance of warrants for shares of the Company may be executed by subscription offers  as well as by grants to owners of existing shares without consideration; resolves that if warrants are granted without consideration  the Board of Directors will have the option of deciding that allotment rights forming fractional shares shall not be negotiable and that the corresponding security shall be sold; duly notes that this delegation of authority automatically constitutes a waiver by operation of law of shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the Company's ordinary shares to which they would be entitled based on these securities issued under this delegation. resolves that these transactions may be carried out at any time  including  within the limits provided for by applicable regulations  during periods of public tender offers for the Company's shares; resolves that the Board of Directors will have full powers to use the present delegation of authority  with the option to sub-delegate such powers  within the limits and under the conditions referred to above  in order to  in particular: set the amount of the issue(s) which may be executed on the basis of this delegation of authority  and determine in particular  the issue price  dates  the timetable  the procedures and conditions for subscription  payment  delivery and dividend rights and the date of record for the securities  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations;set the terms for exercising any rights attached to shares or to securities giving access to the capital  determine the terms  where applicable  for the exercise of rights  notably the terms for the exercise of conversion  exchange and redemption rights  including by delivery of Company assets such as shares or securities already issued by the Company; and  during the term of the securities concerned  amend the terms referred to above  in compliance with applicable formalities;receive subscription orders and the corresponding payments  record completion of capital increases to reflect the amount of shares actually subscribed and amend the articles of association in consequence;at its sole discretion  offset share issue costs against the related premiums and deduct from these issue premiums the amounts necessary to bring the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new share capital after each share capital increase one-tenth of the new share capital after each share capital increase  enter into any agreement for the purpose of ensuring the success of any issue  to carry out on one or more occasions  in proportions and at such times it considers appropriate  in France and/or  as applicable  in other countries  the aforementioned issues;set and make all adjustments for the purpose of taking into account the impact of transactions in the Company's share capital  notably a change in the share's par value  a share capital increase by capitalizing reserves  a grant of restricted share units ( attribution gratuite d'actions or free shares)  a stock split or reverse split  a distribution of reserves or any other assets  a share capital redemption or any other transaction impacting equity and set the terms enabling the preservation  where applicable  of the rights of holders of securities granting access to the share capital or free shares)  a stock split or reverse split  a distribution of reserves or any other assets  a share capital redemption or any other transaction impacting equity and set the terms enabling the preservation  where applicable  of the rights of holders of securities granting access to the share capital  and  in general  take all measures and perform all formalities useful for the issue  the listing of the securities and the agency agreement for the servicing of securities issued under this authority as well as for the exercise of rights attached to the securities; andfurthermore  in the event of an issue of debt securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  decides on whether such issues will be subordinated or not  fix their interest rates and the conditions of payment of the interest  their duration that can be limited or unlimited  the fixed or variable redemption price with or without premium  the methods of redemption according  in particular  to market conditions and the conditions under which these securities shall give the right to shares of Company and  during the term of the securities concerned  amend the terms referred to above  in compliance with applicable formalities; Page 8 / 29resolves that this delegation of authority will be valid for a period of twenty-six (26) months as from the date of this general meeting; duly notes that this delegation of authority supersedes and cancels  for the unused portion  as applicable  any prior delegation of authority having the same purpose; duly notes that if the Board of Directors uses the authorization granted under this resolution  it will report to the next ordinary general meeting  as required by laws and regulations  on the uses made of authorizations granted herein. NINTH RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing shares and equity securities giving access to other equity securities or entitlement to debt securities and/or securities giving access to the equity securities of the Company  any subsidiary and/or any other company affiliated thereto  with the cancellation of the preferential subscription right  through a public offering and with an option to grant a priority right) The General Meeting  voting in accordance with quorum and majority rules for extraordinary general meetings  after considering the(i) Board of Directors' report and (ii) the statutory auditors' special report  and after noting for the record that the share capital is fully paid up  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-129et seq.  L. 225-135et seq. and the provisions of Articles L. 228-91et seq. and L. 22-10-49et seq. of the French Commercial Code  delegates to the Board of Directors  with the power of sub-delegation to the extent authorized by law and the articles of association  its power to decide to issue securities  through a public offering (with the exception of public offerings covered by article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code)  on one or more occasions  in France or other countries  in proportions and at such times of its choosing  in euros or any other currency or the unit of account established by reference to several currencies  providing for the cancellation of the preferential subscription right  and an option to grant a priority right to shares of the Company or equity securities giving access to other equity securities or entitlement to debt securities and/or securities (including notably all debt securities) giving access to equity securities of the Company payable for in cash  including by offset against certain  due and payable claims or  in part  by the capitalization of reserves  earnings or premiums; specifies as necessary that this delegation of authority expressly excludes the issuance of preferred shares and securities giving access to preferred shares; resolves that securities giving access to ordinary shares of the Company thus issued may consist of debt securities or be associated with the issuance of such securities  or enable the issue thereof as intermediate securities. These securities may or may not be subordinated (and in such case  the Board of Directors will set their subordination ranking)  may or may not be for a limited term  and may be issued in euros or in a foreign currency  or in any other monetary units established by reference to several currencies; specifies that such shares and/or securities may be issued  in particular  in consideration for securities tendered to the Company in connection with a public exchange offer initiated by the Company in France or other countries  in accordance with local regulations  for securities meeting the conditions set out in Article L. 22-10-54 of the French Commercial Code; resolves that these transactions may be carried out at any time  including  within the limits provided for by applicable regulations  during periods of public tender offers for the Company's shares; resolves that the maximum nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out  immediately and/or in the future  pursuant to this delegation of authority is set at €18 000 000 (or the equivalent value of such amount in the event of an issue in another authorized currency)  whereby it is specified that: the maximum nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out  immediately and/or in the future under this delegation of authority shall be included within the aggregate maximum limit for capital increases provided for under eighteenth resolution; Page 9 / 29",neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.89,0.07,True,English,"['Avis de', 'Convening Notice', 'English version', 'Claranova', 'Convocation', 'BALO', 'March', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'revised ""ex ante"" compensation policy', '1, Parvis de la Défense', 'DESKEO La Défense', 'ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING Approval', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING Authorization', 'preferential subscription right Delegation', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Combined Annual Ordinary', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Unofficial convenience translation', 'CLARANOVA S.E.', 'SECOND CONVENING NOTICE', 'preliminary convening notice', 'restricted stock units', 'French Commercial Code', 'priority right Delegation', 'future performance shares', 'other equity securities', 'BALO Bulletin°', 'AVIS DE', 'French original', 'same Code', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'information purposes', 'Societas Europaea', 'Registered office', 'Immeuble Adamas', '2 rue Berthelot', '92414 Courbevoie Cedex', 'RCS No.', 'Grande Arche', 'following agenda', 'executive officers', 'public offerings', 'limited number', 'issue price', 'ninth, tenth', 'debt securities', 'other company', 'Article L.', 'Agenda RESOLUTIONS', 'Deputy CEO', 'share capital', 'capital increase', 'eleventh resolutions', 'or securities', 'European company', 'articles L.', '24 Approval', '24 RESOLUTIONS', 'March', 'Nanterre', 'CONVOCATION', 'addendum', 'Feb.', 'shareholders', 'Friday', 'April', 'Auditorium', '92800 Puteaux', 'France', 'order', 'FY', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'existing', 'consideration', 'provisions', 'conditions', 'options', 'benefit', 'employees', 'subsidiaries', 'authority', 'access', 'entitlement', 'subsidiary', 'cancellation', 'periods', 'allotment', 'part', 'investors', 'cercle', 'investisseurs', 'framework', '3']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37918,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/03/20/2849082/0/en/Valneva-Reports-Full-Year-2023-Results-and-Provides-Business-Updates-and-Outlook.html,Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Results and Provides Business Updates and Outlook,Total revenues of €153.7 million  including product sales of €144.6 million    Product sales surpassed pre-pandemic (2019) sales by 12% and 2022 sales...,"Total revenues of €153.7 million  including product sales of €144.6 millionProduct sales surpassed pre-pandemic (2019) sales by 12% and 2022 sales by 26%Excluding COVID-19 vaccine sales  product sales grew by 63% compared to 2022Cash position of €126.1 million at year-end 2023 enhanced by €95 million from sale of Priority Review Voucher (PRV)1Extended the interest-only period of existing debt financing agreement to January 2026 significantly extending cash runway 2Operational business considered sufficiently funded (excluding debt repayment) until commercial revenues from Lyme program enable sustained profitabilityExcellent progress across R&D pipelineApproval of single-shot chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ ® in the United States (U.S.) The world’s first and only vaccine to address this significant unmet medical need U.S. CDC recently adopted ACIP recommendations 3 Regulatory reviews ongoing in Europe  Canada and Brazilin the United States (U.S.) Completion of recruitment for Lyme disease Phase 3 study conducted in collaboration with Pfizer All execution milestones on trackAdvancing second-generation ZIKA vaccine candidate into Phase 1 clinical trial Addressing a re-emerging medical needUpdated FY 2024 guidanceValneva raises its 2024 product sales4 guidance to between €160 million and €180 million due to an improved outlook regarding the IXIARO® supply constraints that were anticipated in February 2024.As such  2024 total revenues are now expected to reach between €170 million and €190 million compared to €153.7 million in 2023  driven by continued sales growth of the Company’s proprietary travel vaccines and the launch-year sales of IXCHIQ®.Sales are expected to grow this year despite an estimated 20-30% reduction in third-party sales as a result of anticipated supply constraints.In 2024  the Company anticipates lower R&D expenses than previously communicated  narrowing guidance to €60 million to €75 million  based on additional visibility for its chikungunya- and Zika- related expenses. Additionally  Valneva expects non-dilutive contributions from institutions for R&D costs in connection with its ongoing chikungunya activities and the product tech transfers to Valneva’s brand-new state-of the art facility (“Almeida”) in Scotland.Other income is now expected between €100 million and €110 million in 2024  reflecting €95 million in proceeds from the PRV sale in early 2024.Valneva anticipates a significantly lower cash burn this year than in 2023 and expects its commercial business to be cash-flow positive and contribute significantly to funding the Company’s R&D from 2025.Valneva’s cost contributions for the Lyme disease Phase 3 study are expected to be completed in the first half of 2024. All remaining payments to Pfizer are reflected in current refund liability at December 31  2023  and will not impact the Profit & Loss statement in 2024.The Company has re-negotiated the terms of its loan agreement with Deerfield and OrbiMed5 and will now start reimbursing the first $100 million tranche in January 2026 instead of July 2024. The loan interest rate remains unchanged and this portion of the loan will still mature in the first quarter of 2027.Mid-term outlookProduct salesIn the mid-term  Valneva expects continued sales growth for its travel vaccines IXIARO® and DUKORAL®  and with the current launch of IXCHIQ®  the Company anticipates annual product sales to approximately double by the end of 2026. This will be driven by IXIARO®  for which continued double-digit annual growth is expected for at least the next three years  and by ramping IXCHIQ® sales  which are expected to exceed €100 million in year three after initial launch  subject to anticipated regulatory approvals and even assuming potential competitive product entry. There may also be upside from potential IXCHIQ® stockpiling opportunities. Regulatory reviews are ongoing in Europe  Canada and Brazil  and decisions for these submissions are expected in 2024. The Company currently estimates that the travel market opportunity for chikungunya vaccines could be valued between €300 million to €400 million based on the number of travelers to endemic regions and their anticipated adoption of the vaccine. Additionally  considering the high unmet medical need that chikungunya represents in Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMICs)  Valneva expects strong adoption of its chikungunya vaccine in these countries.The third-party product business supported Valneva’s revenues as a complement to its existing travel vaccine portfolio  especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. However  2023 third-party sales of more than €35 million yielded only 36% gross margin  diluting Valneva’s overall margins  and the Company has therefore decided to focus resources on direct sales of its proprietary products. Valneva expects that third-party sales will gradually wind down to less than 5% of product sales by 2026/2027  considering the anticipated end to its collaboration with Bavarian Nordic by the end of 2025. This is expected to bring the gross margin back to pre-COVID levels or better  with additional margin improvements expected from the cost-efficient manufacturing process of IXCHIQ® and scaling effects from leveraging the Company’s new manufacturing facilities in Livingston (Scotland) and Solna (Sweden).R&DValneva will continue leveraging its proven capabilities to develop differentiated first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions in areas of high unmet medical need. As in previous years  the Company will focus on advancing a limited number of promising product candidates with the aim to have an additional clinical program entering Phase 3 upon completion of the Phase 3 program for Lyme. Valneva may reach its pipeline development objective organically and/or via strategic transactions.Over the next three years  the Company expects approximately 40% of its R&D expenses to be linked to chikungunya development activities  including ongoing and anticipated clinical studies. These chikungunya expenses are expected to be supported at a sizable level by non-dilutive contributions from several institutions.Cash managementIn the mid-term  Valneva will continue focusing on stringent cost management with a particular focus on marketing and distribution as well as general and administrative costs. In parallel  IXCHIQ® sales ramp-up and anticipated gross margin improvements will further reduce the Company’s cash burn. The Company reduced its loss by more than €40 million in 2023 and expects to further reduce it in the coming years  anticipating that Valneva may achieve sustained profitability with potential commercial revenues from a successful development  approval and launch of its Lyme disease vaccine candidate partnered with Pfizer.With the eighteen-month extension of the interest-only period of its Deerfield and OrbiMed loan6  and based on 2023 year-end cash as augmented by the proceeds from the PRV sale  Valneva believes that it is sufficiently financed for its operational business  excluding debt repayment  until potential commercial revenues from its Lyme program enable the Company to operate in a sustained profitable way.Financial Information(Audited 2023 results  consolidated per IFRS)€ in million 12 months ending December 31 2023 2022 Total revenues 153.7 361.3 Product sales 144.6 114.8 Net profit/(loss) (101.4) (143.3) Adjusted EBITDA (loss) (65.2) (69.2) Cash 126.1 289.4Saint-Herblain (France)  March 20  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) a specialty vaccine company  today reported its consolidated financial results for the year ending December 31  2023 and provided several key corporate updates.Valneva will provide a live webcast of its full-year 2023 results conference call beginningat 3 p.m. CET/10 a.m. EDT today. This webcast will also be available on the Company’s website. Please refer to this link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/hom3riytPeter Bühler  Valneva’s Chief Financial Officer  commented  “In 2023  Valneva successfully executed on key strategic objectives despite a difficult economic environment. Our chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ® became the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this significant unmet medical need and we also managed to surpass our pre-pandemic product sales. Our objective for 2024 is to continue capitalizing on the travel industry recovery to generate further commercial growth and successfully launch our chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ®. With the recent successful sale of our PRV  and extension of our loan repayment  we have entered 2024 in a solid financial position to support our near- and mid-term commercial and R&D objectives.”Commercial PortfolioValneva’s commercial portfolio is composed of three travel vaccines  IXIARO®/JESPECT®  DUKORAL® and IXCHIQ®. The Company also distributes certain third-party products in countries where it operates its own marketing and sales infrastructure.JAPANESE ENCEPHALITIS VACCINE IXIARO®/JESPECT®IXIARO®  or JESPECT® in Australia and New Zealand  is an inactivated Vero cell culture-derived Japanese encephalitis and is the only Japanese encephalitis vaccine currently approved for use in the United States  Canada and Europe. IXIARO® is indicated for active immunization against Japanese encephalitis  the most prevalent cause of viral encephalitis in Asia  for adults  adolescents  children and infants aged two months and older  and is a required vaccine for U.S. military personnel who are deployed to areas of risk for Japanese encephalitis. The virus is spread by mosquitos and is the most important cause of viral encephalitis in Asia and the Western Pacific.In 2023  IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales increased 78% to €73.5 million compared to €41.3 million in 2022  primarily benefiting from the continued travel market recovery after the COVID-19 pandemic  and price increases. At the end of September 2023  Valneva also signed a new one-year contract with the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) worth a minimum of $32 million for the supply of IXIARO®.CHOLERA / ETEC7-DIARRHEA VACCINE DUKORAL®DUKORAL® is an oral vaccine for the prevention of diarrhea caused by Vibrio cholerae and/or heat-labile toxin producing ETEC8  the leading cause of travelers’ diarrhea. DUKORAL® is authorized for use in the European Union and Australia to protect against cholera  and in Canada  Switzerland  New Zealand and Thailand to protect against cholera and ETEC.In 2023  DUKORAL® sales increased 72% to €29.8 million compared to €17.3 million in 2022  of which Canada represented €17.5 million of global sales due to the strong overlap between Canadian travelers to regions of high ETEC prevalence and the vaccine’s approved indication. Similar to IXIARO®  DUKORAL® benefitted from the significant recovery in the private travel markets.CHIKUNGUNYA VACCINE IXCHIQ®IXCHIQ® is a single-dose  live-attenuated vaccine against the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  which in November 2023 was approved in the U.S. by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the prevention of disease caused by CHIKV in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to the mosquito-borne CHIKV. With this approval  IXCHIQ® became the world’s first and only licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this significant unmet medical need.At the end of February 2024  the U.S. Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP)  which develops recommendations on how to use vaccines in the U.S.  recommended IXCHIQ® for persons aged 18 years and above traveling to a country or territory where a chikungunya outbreak is occurring. Additionally  IXCHIQ® may be considered for persons traveling to a country or territory without an outbreak but with evidence of CHIKV transmission within the last five years  who are aged 65 years and above  and likely to have at least moderate exposure to mosquitos (at least two weeks  cumulatively) or who are traveling for a longer duration (six months or more  cumulatively). ACIP also recommended chikungunya vaccination for laboratory workers with potential for exposure to CHIKV. The ACIP recommendations were recently adopted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention9.Valneva’s commercial team is currently launching the vaccine in the U.S. The single-shot vaccine is also under regulatory review in Canada  Brazil and Europe  where it was granted accelerated assessment by the European Medicine Agency’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP). Decisions for these submissions are expected in 2024.IXCHIQ®’s final pivotal Phase 3 data were published in The Lancet  the world’s leading peer-reviewed medical journal  in June 202310. The article provides a detailed analysis of the Phase 3 results showing that VLA1553 demonstrated a very high seroresponse rate of 98.9% in participants 28 days after receiving the single administration compared to the 70% threshold (for non-acceptance) agreed with the FDA. Valneva is working on the preparation of two Phase 4 post-marketing effectiveness studies  required as part of the FDA’s approval under the accelerated pathway. The Company expects to launch these studies in 2025.Earlier clinical data  published in the Lancet Infectious Diseases  showed a rapid onset of immune response with a single dose of VLA1553 between 7- and 14-days post-vaccination11. This was later confirmed in a further analysis of the Phase 1 data12  which showed that 100% of vaccinated individuals reached the immune threshold13 established with the FDA at day 14.Additionally  VLA1553 was able to demonstrate a robust immune response which was sustained for 12 and 24 months by 99% and 97% of participants  respectively  and was equally durable in younger and older adults1415. This dedicated antibody persistence trial (VLA1553-303) will continue to evaluate persistence for a period of at least five years.A clinical study in adolescents  VLA1553-321  is ongoing in Brazil  for which Valneva reported initial safety data in August 202316. Funded by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) and conducted in collaboration with Instituto Butantan  the VLA1553-321 adolescent trial is intended to support the label extension to this age group following initial approvals in adults. The trial is also expected to support licensure of the vaccine in Brazil  which would be the first potential approval for use in endemic populations. Additionally  the Company initiated a Phase 2 pediatric trial in children aged 1 to 11 years  VLA1553-221  in January 202417 to support a Phase 3 pivotal pediatric study and potentially extend the label to this age group following initial regulatory approvals in adults and possibly in adolescents.THIRD-PARTY DISTRIBUTIONValneva distributes certain third-party vaccines in countries where it operates its own marketing and sales infrastructure. The Company notably has distribution agreements with Bavarian Nordic18 and VBI Vaccines19.In the year ended December 31  2023  third-party product sales grew 34% to €35.7 million compared to €26.5 million in the year ended December 31  2022.Clinical Stage Vaccine CandidatesLYME DISEASE VACCINE CANDIDATE – VLA15Phase 3 study ongoingValneva and Pfizer are developing VLA15  a Phase 3 vaccine candidate targeting Borrelia  the bacterium that causes Lyme disease. VLA15 is a multivalent recombinant protein vaccine that targets six serotypes of Borrelia representing the most common strains found in the United States and Europe. VLA15 is the only Lyme disease program in late-stage clinical development today and has received Fast Track designation from the FDA.Valneva and Pfizer reported results for three Phase 2 clinical trials of VLA15 in both adult and pediatric populations  in which high levels of antibodies against all six strains were observed20 21 22. These include the announcement in September 2023 of positive Phase 2 pediatric and adolescent immunogenicity and safety data following a booster vaccination with VLA15. These results from the VLA15-221 Phase 2 study showed a strong anamnestic antibody response for all serotypes in pediatric (5 to 11 years of age) and adolescent participants (12 to 17 years of age)  as well as in adults (18 to 65 years of age)  one month after administration of a booster dose (month 19). The safety and tolerability profile of VLA15 after a booster dose was consistent with previous studies23.In August 2022  the companies initiated a Phase 3 clinical study  ""Vaccine Against Lyme for Outdoor Recreationists (VALOR)""  to investigate the efficacy  safety and immunogenicity of VLA15 in participants five years of age and older in highly endemic regions in the United States and Europe24.Recruitment completion for the study was announced in December 2023. 9 437 participants five years of age and older were enrolled in the trial and will receive  as part of the primary series  three doses of VLA15 or a saline placebo (1:1 ratio) within the first year  and one booster dose approximately one year after vaccination with the first three doses25. The VALOR study is currently ongoing and is designed to follow vaccinated participants over two consecutive tick seasons. In the second quarter of 2024  participants enrolled in the first cohort will receive their booster vaccination and participants of the second cohort will receive the last of their initial three doses ahead of the 2024 tick season.Topline data from the VALOR trial are expected by the end of 2025  with the aim for Pfizer to submit a Biologic License Application to the FDA and Marketing Authorization Application to the EMA in 2026  subject to positive data.ZIKA VACCINE CANDIDATE – VLA1601Entering Phase 1  further program evaluation plannedVLA1601 is a highly purified inactivated  adjuvanted vaccine candidate against the mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the Zika virus (ZIKV). Disease outbreaks have been reported in tropical Africa  Southeast Asia  the Pacific Islands  and  since 2015  in the Americas. Zika virus transmission persists in several countries in the Americas and in other endemic regions. To date  a total of 89 countries and territories have reported evidence of mosquito transmitted Zika virus infection26; however  surveillance remains limited globally. There are no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  Zika remains a public health threat and is included in the Food and Drug Administration’s Tropical Disease Priority Review Voucher Program27.VLA1601 is being developed on the original manufacturing platform of Valneva’s licensed Japanese Encephalitis vaccine IXIARO®  which was further optimized to develop the Company’s inactivated  adjuvanted COVID-19 vaccine VLA2001  the first one to receive a standard marketing authorization in Europe28. Valneva reported Phase 1 results from its first-generation Zika vaccine candidate in 2019 showing excellent immunogenicity and safety results in all tested doses and schedules29. The Company now expects to start the clinical evaluation of its second-generation vaccine in the coming weeks.A vaccine against the Zika virus (ZIKV) would nicely complement Valneva’s portfolio of travel vaccines against mosquito-borne diseases  which already includes IXCHIQ® and IXIARO®.Pre-Clinical Vaccine CandidatesValneva continues to progress select pre-clinical assets and focus on strengthening its future clinical pipeline.The Company is currently focused on VLA2112  a vaccine candidate targeting the Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)  which is one of the most common human viruses. EBV can cause infectious mononucleosis30 and is strongly associated with the development of several types of cancer31 and multiple sclerosis32.Valneva has also been working on a vaccine candidate targeting the human metapneumovirus (hMPV)  which is a major worldwide respiratory pathogen that causes acute upper and lower respiratory tract infection33 and is exploring potential partnering opportunities.Additionally  Valneva initiated pre-clinical work on vaccine candidates against different enteric diseases.Full Year 2023 Financial Review(Audited34  consolidated under IFRS)RevenuesValneva’s total revenues were €153.7 million in 2023 compared to €361.3 million in 2022. Total revenues in 2022 included €280.0 million of revenue recognition mainly related to the COVID-19 supply agreements in the prior year.Valneva’s total product sales reached €144.6 million in 2023 compared to €114.8 million in 2022. Currency fluctuations of €2.8 million adversely impacted product sales. COVID-19 vaccine sales in 2023 amounted to €5.7 million compared to €29.6 million in 2022. Excluding COVID-19  product sales reached €138.9 million in 2023 compared to €85.2 million in 2022  an increase of 63%.IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales were €73.5 million in 2023 compared to €41.3 million in 2022. The 78% increase in sales is primarily the result of the continued travel market recovery  as well as price increases. The increase in IXIARO®/JESPECT® product sales included an adverse €1.5 million foreign currency impact.DUKORAL® sales were €29.8 million in 2023 compared to €17.3 million in 2022. This 72% increase is also a result of the significant recovery in the private travel markets and price increases. Foreign currency fluctuations reduced DUKORAL® sales by €0.9 million.Third Party product sales were €35.7 million in 2023 compared to €26.5 million in 2022  a 34% increase which was mainly driven by sales of Rabipur®/RabAvert® and Encepur® under the distribution agreement with Bavarian Nordic.Other revenues  including revenues from collaborations  licensing and services amounted to €9.1 million in 2023 compared to €246.5 million in 2022. Other revenues in 2022 included COVID related one-time effects of €280.0 million consisting of released refund liability as a result of the settlement with the UK government  as well as released non-refundable advance payments from European Member States  partially offset by €45.9 million of negative revenue resulting from an increase in the refund liability linked to the amended VLA15 collaboration and license agreement with Pfizer.Operating Result and adjusted EBITDACosts of goods and services sold (COGS) were €100.9 million in 2023. The gross margin on commercial product sales amounted to 46.0% compared to 45.5% in 2022. COGS of €35.1 million related to IXIARO® product sales  yielding a product gross margin of 52.3%. COGS of €17.1 million related to DUKORAL® product sales  yielding a product gross margin of 42.4%. Of the remaining COGS in 2023  €22.8 million related to the third-party products distribution business  €5.3 million to VLA2001 and €10.2 million to cost of services. In 2022  overall COGS were €324.4 million  of which €314.7 million related to cost of goods and €9.7 million related to cost of services. In 2022  COGS of the COVID-19 vaccine program amounted to €267.1 million and included effects from the significant reduction of sales volumes to the European Union Member States which resulted in impairment of fixed assets and inventories.Research and development expenses amounted to €59.9 million in 2023  compared to €104.9 million in 2022. This decrease was exclusively driven by the lower spend on Valneva’s COVID-19 vaccine  VLA2001. At the same time  costs related to the Zika vaccine candidate increased as the Company has been working towards re-initiation of clinical development. Marketing and distribution expenses in 2023 amounted to €48.8 million compared to €23.5 million in 2022. The increase is mainly related to €20.7 million of expenses associated with launch preparations for IXCHIQ® (2022: €7.3 million). In 2023  general and administrative expenses increased to €47.8 million from €34.1 million in 2022. In the previous year 2022  COGS  research and development  marketing and distribution as well as general and administrative expenses all benefited from a non-cash accrual adjustment related to the positive effect of the Company’s share price development on employee share-based compensation programs. This income compares to an expense in 2023.Other income  net of other expenses  increased to €21.5 million in 2023 from €12.2 million in 2022. The increase was mainly driven by grant income received from Scottish Enterprise in the amount of €11.1 million and by a gain from a settlement with a supplier in connection with COVID-19 activities of €4.7 million.Valneva recorded an operating loss of €82.1 million in 2023 compared to an operating loss of €113.4 million in 2022. The higher loss in 2022 was primarily driven by non-recurring expenses of goods and services related to valuation of inventory  and onerous agreement provisions for material in connection with our COVID-19 vaccine and its program suspension. Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below) loss in 2023 was €65.2 million  nearly unchanged to the Adjusted EBITDA loss of €69.2 million in 2022.Net ResultIn 2023  Valneva generated a net loss of €101.4 million compared to a net loss of €143.3 million in 2022.Finance expense and currency effects in 2023 resulted in a net finance expense of €16.5 million  compared to a net finance expense of €31.4 million in 2022. This increase in finance income/expenses  net was mainly due to foreign exchange gains of €5.6 million in 2023 compared to a loss of €12.6 million in 2022  primarily related to the development of the USD and GBP exchange rates.Cash Flow and LiquidityNet cash used in operating activities amounted to €202.7 million in 2023 compared to €245.3 million of cash used in operating activities in 2022. Cash outflows in 2023 were derived from the loss for the period amounting to €101.4 million and from working capital in the amount of €145.6 million  which largely were related to payments to Pfizer in conjunction with Valneva’s contribution to the Phase 3 costs of the Lyme VLA15 R&D program  reducing the refund liability.Cash outflows from investing activities amounted to €20.6 million in 2023 compared to €29.1 million in 2022  both mainly a result of construction activities across production sites in Scotland and Sweden  as well as equipment purchases.Net cash generated from financing activities decreased to €63.1 million in 2023 from €215.1 million in 2022. Cash inflows in 2023 were primarily due to €81.1 million of net proceeds from the additional tranches from the loan agreement with Deerfield and OrbiMed drawn in the second half of the year. Cash inflows in 2022 were mainly a result of proceeds from the equity subscription agreement with Pfizer  proceeds from a global offering as well as a draw-down of the loan provided by Deerfield and OrbiMed.Cash and cash equivalents were €126.1 million as at December 31  2023  compared to €289.4 million as at December 31  2022. Cash and Cash equivalents in 2023 included the drawing of a total of $100 million from the Deerfield and OrbiMed loan agreement as well as significant payments made to Pfizer related to the companies’ Phase 3 Lyme disease study “VALOR”. Cash at the end of 2023 does not include $103 million of proceeds from the PRV  which Valneva sold in February 2024.Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresManagement uses and presents IFRS results as well as the non-IFRS measure of Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate and communicate its performance. While non-IFRS measures should not be construed as alternatives to IFRS measures  management believes non-IFRS measures are useful to further understand Valneva’s current performance  performance trends  and financial condition.Adjusted EBITDA is a common supplemental measure of performance used by investors and financial analysts. Management believes this measure provide additional analytical tools. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings (loss) for the period before income tax  finance income/expense  foreign exchange gain/(loss)  results from investments in associates  amortization  depreciation  and impairment (excluding impairment loss of disposal).A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss for the period  which is the most directly comparable IFRS measure  is set forth below:€ in million Twelve months ending December 31 (consolidated per IFRS) 2023 2022 Loss for the period (101.4) (143.3) Add: Income tax expense 2.8 (1.5) Total Finance income (1.2) (0.3) Total Finance expense 23.3 19.1 Foreign exchange gain/(loss) – net (5.6) 12.6 Result from investments in associates - - Amortization 5.8 7.0 Depreciation 11.8 14.0 Impairment (0.7) 23.2 Adjusted EBITDA (65.2) (69.2)About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first and only chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Please click here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to guidance for certain financial results in fiscal year 2024 and mid-term outlook on financial results  cash position  and other business developments  including results of ongoing clinical trials  the timing and possible occurrence of further or initial regulatory approvals of its product candidates  the anticipated size of markets for its approved products and sales of those products  receipt of funding from external sources  supply of products sold by Valneva  and relationships with current business partners. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those developed or identified in any public documents filed with the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission made or to be made by Valneva. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines (including in relation to organic or strategic expansion of Valneva’s clinical pipeline)  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis and other global economic or political events  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection  the cancellation of existing contracts  the impact of a pandemic  and changes in the regulatory environment in which Valneva operates. The occurrence of any of these risks and uncertainties could substantially harm Valneva’s business  financial condition  prospects and results of operations. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Announces Sale of Priority Review Voucher for $103 Million - Valneva2 Valneva Announces Extension of the Interest-Only Period of Its Debt Facility with Deerfield and OrbiMed - Valneva3 ACIP Vaccine Recommendations and Schedules | CDC4 Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Revenue and Cash  Provides First 2024 Guidance - Valneva5 Valneva Announces Extension of the Interest-Only Period of Its Debt Facility with Deerfield and OrbiMed - Valneva6 Valneva Announces Extension of the Interest-Only Period of Its Debt Facility with Deerfield and OrbiMed - Valneva7 Indications differ by country - Please refer to Product / Prescribing Information (PI) / Medication Guide approved in your respective countries for complete information  incl. dosing  safety and age groups in which this vaccine is licensed  ETEC = Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (E. Coli) bacterium.8 Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) is a type of Escherichia coli and one of the leading bacterial causes of diarrhea in the developing world  as well as the most common cause of travelers’ diarrhea.9 ACIP Vaccine Recommendations and Schedules | CDC10 Valneva Announces Publication of its Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate Phase 3 Data in The Lancet - Valneva11 Wressnigg N  Hochreiter R  Zoihsl O  Fritzer A  Bézay N  Klingler A  Lingnau K  Schneider M  Lundberg U  Meinke A  Larcher-Senn J  Čorbic-Ramljak I  Eder-Lingelbach S  Dubischar K  Bender W. ""Single-shot live-attenuated chikungunya vaccine in healthy adults: a phase 1  randomised controlled trial."" Lancet ID  2020: 20(10):1193-1203.12 McMahon R  Töpfer S  Schneider M  Hadl S  Hochreiter R  Kosulin K  Mader R  Zoihsl O  Wressnigg N  ​Dubischar K  Buerger V  Eder-Lingelbach S  Jaramillo JC. ""One year antibody persistence and safety of a live-attenuated chikungunya virus (CHIKV) vaccine candidate (VLA1553) in adults aged 18 years and above."" CISTM. Basel  2023.13 Seroresponse14 Valneva Reports Positive 12-Month Antibody Persistence Data for Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva15 Valneva Reports Positive 24-Month Antibody Persistence Data for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine IXCHIQ® - Valneva16 Valneva Reports Positive Initial Phase 3 Safety Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva17 Valneva Vaccinates First Participant in Pediatric Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine - Valneva18 Valneva and Bavarian Nordic Announce Marketing and Distribution Partnership - Valneva19 Valneva and VBI Vaccines Announce European Partnership for Marketing and Distribution of PreHevbri® - Valneva20 Valneva and Pfizer Report Six-Month Antibody Persistence Data in Children and Adults for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate - Valneva21Pfizer and Valneva Initiate Phase 3 Study of Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15 - Valneva22 Valneva and Pfizer Report Further Positive Phase 2 Results  Including Booster Response  for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate - Valneva23 Valneva and Pfizer Report Positive Pediatric and Adolescent Phase 2 Booster Results for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate - Valneva24 Pfizer and Valneva Initiate Phase 3 Study of Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15 - Valneva25 Pfizer and Valneva Complete Recruitment for Phase 3 VALOR Trial for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate  VLA15 - Valneva26 Zika virus disease (who.int)27 Tropical Disease Priority Review Voucher Program | FDA28 Valneva Receives Marketing Authorization in Europe for Inactivated Whole-Virus COVID-19 Vaccine VLA2001 - Valneva29 Emergent Biosolutions and Valneva Report Positive Phase 1 Results for Their Vaccine Candidate Against the Zika Virus - Valneva30 https://www.cdc.gov/epstein-barr/index.html#:~:text=EBV%20can%20cause%20infectious%20mononucleosis common%20among%20teens%20and%20adults .31 https://www.cancer.org/healthy/cancer-causes/infectious-agents/infections-that-can-lead-to-cancer/viruses.html#:~:text=EBV%20infection%20increases%20a%20person's some%20cases%20of%20stomach%20cancer .32 https://www.nih.gov/news-events/nih-research-matters/study-suggests-epstein-barr-virus-may-cause-multiple-sclerosis#:~:text=Infection%20with%20Epstein%2DBarr%20virus could%20help%20prevent%20multiple%20sclerosis33 https://www.cdc.gov/ncird/human-metapneumovirus.html34 The audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been performed. The audit report will be issued upon finalization of procedures regarding the filing.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.28,0.29,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Results', 'Business Updates', 'Valneva', 'Outlook', 'significant unmet medical need', 'high unmet medical need', 'Lyme disease Phase 3 study', 'second-generation ZIKA vaccine candidate', 'potential competitive product entry', 'potential IXCHIQ® stockpiling opportunities', 'existing debt financing agreement', 'existing travel vaccine portfolio', 'ACIP recommendations 3 Regulatory reviews', 'lower R&D expenses', 'single-shot chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ', 'emerging medical need', 'Phase 1 clinical trial', 'Zika- related expenses', 'Priority Review Voucher', 'R&D pipeline', 'R&D costs', 'double-digit annual growth', 'next three years', 'travel market opportunity', 'lower cash burn', 'product tech transfers', 'current refund liability', 'ongoing chikungunya activities', 'continued sales growth', 'first $100 million tranche', 'loan interest rate', 'proprietary travel vaccines', 'annual product sales', 'U.S. CDC', '2024 product sales4 guidance', 'COVID-19 vaccine sales', 'third-party product business', 'IXIARO® supply constraints', 'Lyme program', 'debt repayment', 'loan agreement', 'chikungunya vaccines', 'regulatory approvals', 'IXCHIQ® sales', 'current launch', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'proprietary products', 'third-party sales', 'Cash position', 'cash runway', 'Operational business', 'commercial business', 'pandemic (2019) sales', 'launch-year sales', 'direct sales', 'interest-only period', 'sustained profitability', 'Excellent progress', 'United States', 'FY 2024 guidance', '20-30% reduction', 'additional visibility', 'non-dilutive contributions', 'new state', 'art facility', 'Other income', 'cost contributions', 'first half', 'remaining payments', 'Loss statement', 'first quarter', 'initial launch', 'endemic regions', '36% gross margin', 'overall margins', 'Bavarian Nordic', 'Total revenues', 'commercial revenues', 'Middle-Income Countries', 'strong adoption', 'The Company', 'PRV sale', 'Mid-term outlook', '2022 sales', 'pre', 'year-end', 'January', 'world', 'Europe', 'Canada', 'Brazil', 'Completion', 'recruitment', 'collaboration', 'Pfizer', 'execution', 'milestones', 'track', 'Valneva', 'February', 'result', 'institutions', 'connection', 'brand', 'Almeida', 'Scotland', 'proceeds', 'early 2024', 'December', 'terms', 'Deerfield', 'OrbiMed5', 'July', 'portion', 'DUKORAL®', 'upside', 'decisions', 'submissions', 'number', 'travelers', 'LMICs', 'complement', 'resources', 'less']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,globenewswire.com
37919,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-54466/news/Valneva-Reports-Full-Year-2023-Results-and-Provides-Business-Updates-and-Outlook-46237543/,Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Results and Provides Business Updates and Outlook -March 20  2024 at 02:01 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)  Total revenues of €153.7 million  including product sales of €144.6 million Product sales surpassed pre-pandemic sales by 12% and 2022 sales by 26%Excluding COVID-19 vaccine sales  product sales grew by 63% compared to 2022 Cash position…,"Total revenues of €153.7 million  including product sales of €144.6 millionProduct sales surpassed pre-pandemic (2019) sales by 12% and 2022 sales by 26%Excluding COVID-19 vaccine sales  product sales grew by 63% compared to 2022Cash position of €126.1 million at year-end 2023 enhanced by €95 million from sale of Priority Review Voucher (PRV)1Extended the interest-only period of existing debt financing agreement to January 2026 significantly extending cash runway 2Operational business considered sufficiently funded (excluding debt repayment) until commercial revenues from Lyme program enable sustained profitabilityExcellent progress across R&D pipelineApproval of single-shot chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ ® in the United States (U.S.) The world’s first and only vaccine to address this significant unmet medical need U.S. CDC recently adopted ACIP recommendations 3 Regulatory reviews ongoing in Europe  Canada and Brazilin the United States (U.S.) Completion of recruitment for Lyme disease Phase 3 study conducted in collaboration with Pfizer All execution milestones on trackAdvancing second-generation ZIKA vaccine candidate into Phase 1 clinical trial Addressing a re-emerging medical needUpdated FY 2024 guidanceValneva raises its 2024 product sales4 guidance to between €160 million and €180 million due to an improved outlook regarding the IXIARO® supply constraints that were anticipated in February 2024.As such  2024 total revenues are now expected to reach between €170 million and €190 million compared to €153.7 million in 2023  driven by continued sales growth of the Company’s proprietary travel vaccines and the launch-year sales of IXCHIQ®.Sales are expected to grow this year despite an estimated 20-30% reduction in third-party sales as a result of anticipated supply constraints.In 2024  the Company anticipates lower R&D expenses than previously communicated  narrowing guidance to €60 million to €75 million  based on additional visibility for its chikungunya- and Zika- related expenses. Additionally  Valneva expects non-dilutive contributions from institutions for R&D costs in connection with its ongoing chikungunya activities and the product tech transfers to Valneva’s brand-new state-of the art facility (“Almeida”) in Scotland.Other income is now expected between €100 million and €110 million in 2024  reflecting €95 million in proceeds from the PRV sale in early 2024.Valneva anticipates a significantly lower cash burn this year than in 2023 and expects its commercial business to be cash-flow positive and contribute significantly to funding the Company’s R&D from 2025.Valneva’s cost contributions for the Lyme disease Phase 3 study are expected to be completed in the first half of 2024. All remaining payments to Pfizer are reflected in current refund liability at December 31  2023  and will not impact the Profit & Loss statement in 2024.The Company has re-negotiated the terms of its loan agreement with Deerfield and OrbiMed5 and will now start reimbursing the first $100 million tranche in January 2026 instead of July 2024. The loan interest rate remains unchanged and this portion of the loan will still mature in the first quarter of 2027.Mid-term outlookProduct salesIn the mid-term  Valneva expects continued sales growth for its travel vaccines IXIARO® and DUKORAL®  and with the current launch of IXCHIQ®  the Company anticipates annual product sales to approximately double by the end of 2026. This will be driven by IXIARO®  for which continued double-digit annual growth is expected for at least the next three years  and by ramping IXCHIQ® sales  which are expected to exceed €100 million in year three after initial launch  subject to anticipated regulatory approvals and even assuming potential competitive product entry. There may also be upside from potential IXCHIQ® stockpiling opportunities. Regulatory reviews are ongoing in Europe  Canada and Brazil  and decisions for these submissions are expected in 2024. The Company currently estimates that the travel market opportunity for chikungunya vaccines could be valued between €300 million to €400 million based on the number of travelers to endemic regions and their anticipated adoption of the vaccine. Additionally  considering the high unmet medical need that chikungunya represents in Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMICs)  Valneva expects strong adoption of its chikungunya vaccine in these countries.The third-party product business supported Valneva’s revenues as a complement to its existing travel vaccine portfolio  especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. However  2023 third-party sales of more than €35 million yielded only 36% gross margin  diluting Valneva’s overall margins  and the Company has therefore decided to focus resources on direct sales of its proprietary products. Valneva expects that third-party sales will gradually wind down to less than 5% of product sales by 2026/2027  considering the anticipated end to its collaboration with Bavarian Nordic by the end of 2025. This is expected to bring the gross margin back to pre-COVID levels or better  with additional margin improvements expected from the cost-efficient manufacturing process of IXCHIQ® and scaling effects from leveraging the Company’s new manufacturing facilities in Livingston (Scotland) and Solna (Sweden).R&DValneva will continue leveraging its proven capabilities to develop differentiated first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions in areas of high unmet medical need. As in previous years  the Company will focus on advancing a limited number of promising product candidates with the aim to have an additional clinical program entering Phase 3 upon completion of the Phase 3 program for Lyme. Valneva may reach its pipeline development objective organically and/or via strategic transactions.Over the next three years  the Company expects approximately 40% of its R&D expenses to be linked to chikungunya development activities  including ongoing and anticipated clinical studies. These chikungunya expenses are expected to be supported at a sizable level by non-dilutive contributions from several institutions.Cash managementIn the mid-term  Valneva will continue focusing on stringent cost management with a particular focus on marketing and distribution as well as general and administrative costs. In parallel  IXCHIQ® sales ramp-up and anticipated gross margin improvements will further reduce the Company’s cash burn. The Company reduced its loss by more than €40 million in 2023 and expects to further reduce it in the coming years  anticipating that Valneva may achieve sustained profitability with potential commercial revenues from a successful development  approval and launch of its Lyme disease vaccine candidate partnered with Pfizer.With the eighteen-month extension of the interest-only period of its Deerfield and OrbiMed loan6  and based on 2023 year-end cash as augmented by the proceeds from the PRV sale  Valneva believes that it is sufficiently financed for its operational business  excluding debt repayment  until potential commercial revenues from its Lyme program enable the Company to operate in a sustained profitable way.Financial Information(Audited 2023 results  consolidated per IFRS)€ in million 12 months ending December 31 2023 2022 Total revenues 153.7 361.3 Product sales 144.6 114.8 Net profit/(loss) (101.4) (143.3) Adjusted EBITDA (loss) (65.2) (69.2) Cash 126.1 289.4Saint-Herblain (France)  March 20  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) a specialty vaccine company  today reported its consolidated financial results for the year ending December 31  2023 and provided several key corporate updates.Valneva will provide a live webcast of its full-year 2023 results conference call beginningat 3 p.m. CET/10 a.m. EDT today. This webcast will also be available on the Company’s website. Please refer to this link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/hom3riytPeter Bühler  Valneva’s Chief Financial Officer  commented  “In 2023  Valneva successfully executed on key strategic objectives despite a difficult economic environment. Our chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ® became the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this significant unmet medical need and we also managed to surpass our pre-pandemic product sales. Our objective for 2024 is to continue capitalizing on the travel industry recovery to generate further commercial growth and successfully launch our chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ®. With the recent successful sale of our PRV  and extension of our loan repayment  we have entered 2024 in a solid financial position to support our near- and mid-term commercial and R&D objectives.”Commercial PortfolioValneva’s commercial portfolio is composed of three travel vaccines  IXIARO®/JESPECT®  DUKORAL® and IXCHIQ®. The Company also distributes certain third-party products in countries where it operates its own marketing and sales infrastructure.JAPANESE ENCEPHALITIS VACCINE IXIARO®/JESPECT®IXIARO®  or JESPECT® in Australia and New Zealand  is an inactivated Vero cell culture-derived Japanese encephalitis and is the only Japanese encephalitis vaccine currently approved for use in the United States  Canada and Europe. IXIARO® is indicated for active immunization against Japanese encephalitis  the most prevalent cause of viral encephalitis in Asia  for adults  adolescents  children and infants aged two months and older  and is a required vaccine for U.S. military personnel who are deployed to areas of risk for Japanese encephalitis. The virus is spread by mosquitos and is the most important cause of viral encephalitis in Asia and the Western Pacific.In 2023  IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales increased 78% to €73.5 million compared to €41.3 million in 2022  primarily benefiting from the continued travel market recovery after the COVID-19 pandemic  and price increases. At the end of September 2023  Valneva also signed a new one-year contract with the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) worth a minimum of $32 million for the supply of IXIARO®.CHOLERA / ETEC7-DIARRHEA VACCINE DUKORAL®DUKORAL® is an oral vaccine for the prevention of diarrhea caused by Vibrio cholerae and/or heat-labile toxin producing ETEC8  the leading cause of travelers’ diarrhea. DUKORAL® is authorized for use in the European Union and Australia to protect against cholera  and in Canada  Switzerland  New Zealand and Thailand to protect against cholera and ETEC.In 2023  DUKORAL® sales increased 72% to €29.8 million compared to €17.3 million in 2022  of which Canada represented €17.5 million of global sales due to the strong overlap between Canadian travelers to regions of high ETEC prevalence and the vaccine’s approved indication. Similar to IXIARO®  DUKORAL® benefitted from the significant recovery in the private travel markets.CHIKUNGUNYA VACCINE IXCHIQ®IXCHIQ® is a single-dose  live-attenuated vaccine against the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  which in November 2023 was approved in the U.S. by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the prevention of disease caused by CHIKV in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to the mosquito-borne CHIKV. With this approval  IXCHIQ® became the world’s first and only licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this significant unmet medical need.At the end of February 2024  the U.S. Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP)  which develops recommendations on how to use vaccines in the U.S.  recommended IXCHIQ® for persons aged 18 years and above traveling to a country or territory where a chikungunya outbreak is occurring. Additionally  IXCHIQ® may be considered for persons traveling to a country or territory without an outbreak but with evidence of CHIKV transmission within the last five years  who are aged 65 years and above  and likely to have at least moderate exposure to mosquitos (at least two weeks  cumulatively) or who are traveling for a longer duration (six months or more  cumulatively). ACIP also recommended chikungunya vaccination for laboratory workers with potential for exposure to CHIKV. The ACIP recommendations were recently adopted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention9.Valneva’s commercial team is currently launching the vaccine in the U.S. The single-shot vaccine is also under regulatory review in Canada  Brazil and Europe  where it was granted accelerated assessment by the European Medicine Agency’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP). Decisions for these submissions are expected in 2024.IXCHIQ®’s final pivotal Phase 3 data were published in The Lancet  the world’s leading peer-reviewed medical journal  in June 202310. The article provides a detailed analysis of the Phase 3 results showing that VLA1553 demonstrated a very high seroresponse rate of 98.9% in participants 28 days after receiving the single administration compared to the 70% threshold (for non-acceptance) agreed with the FDA. Valneva is working on the preparation of two Phase 4 post-marketing effectiveness studies  required as part of the FDA’s approval under the accelerated pathway. The Company expects to launch these studies in 2025.Earlier clinical data  published in the Lancet Infectious Diseases  showed a rapid onset of immune response with a single dose of VLA1553 between 7- and 14-days post-vaccination11. This was later confirmed in a further analysis of the Phase 1 data12  which showed that 100% of vaccinated individuals reached the immune threshold13 established with the FDA at day 14.Additionally  VLA1553 was able to demonstrate a robust immune response which was sustained for 12 and 24 months by 99% and 97% of participants  respectively  and was equally durable in younger and older adults1415. This dedicated antibody persistence trial (VLA1553-303) will continue to evaluate persistence for a period of at least five years.A clinical study in adolescents  VLA1553-321  is ongoing in Brazil  for which Valneva reported initial safety data in August 202316. Funded by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) and conducted in collaboration with Instituto Butantan  the VLA1553-321 adolescent trial is intended to support the label extension to this age group following initial approvals in adults. The trial is also expected to support licensure of the vaccine in Brazil  which would be the first potential approval for use in endemic populations. Additionally  the Company initiated a Phase 2 pediatric trial in children aged 1 to 11 years  VLA1553-221  in January 202417 to support a Phase 3 pivotal pediatric study and potentially extend the label to this age group following initial regulatory approvals in adults and possibly in adolescents.THIRD-PARTY DISTRIBUTIONValneva distributes certain third-party vaccines in countries where it operates its own marketing and sales infrastructure. The Company notably has distribution agreements with Bavarian Nordic18 and VBI Vaccines19.In the year ended December 31  2023  third-party product sales grew 34% to €35.7 million compared to €26.5 million in the year ended December 31  2022.Clinical Stage Vaccine CandidatesLYME DISEASE VACCINE CANDIDATE – VLA15Phase 3 study ongoingValneva and Pfizer are developing VLA15  a Phase 3 vaccine candidate targeting Borrelia  the bacterium that causes Lyme disease. VLA15 is a multivalent recombinant protein vaccine that targets six serotypes of Borrelia representing the most common strains found in the United States and Europe. VLA15 is the only Lyme disease program in late-stage clinical development today and has received Fast Track designation from the FDA.Valneva and Pfizer reported results for three Phase 2 clinical trials of VLA15 in both adult and pediatric populations  in which high levels of antibodies against all six strains were observed20 21 22. These include the announcement in September 2023 of positive Phase 2 pediatric and adolescent immunogenicity and safety data following a booster vaccination with VLA15. These results from the VLA15-221 Phase 2 study showed a strong anamnestic antibody response for all serotypes in pediatric (5 to 11 years of age) and adolescent participants (12 to 17 years of age)  as well as in adults (18 to 65 years of age)  one month after administration of a booster dose (month 19). The safety and tolerability profile of VLA15 after a booster dose was consistent with previous studies23.In August 2022  the companies initiated a Phase 3 clinical study  ""Vaccine Against Lyme for Outdoor Recreationists (VALOR)""  to investigate the efficacy  safety and immunogenicity of VLA15 in participants five years of age and older in highly endemic regions in the United States and Europe24.Recruitment completion for the study was announced in December 2023. 9 437 participants five years of age and older were enrolled in the trial and will receive  as part of the primary series  three doses of VLA15 or a saline placebo (1:1 ratio) within the first year  and one booster dose approximately one year after vaccination with the first three doses25. The VALOR study is currently ongoing and is designed to follow vaccinated participants over two consecutive tick seasons. In the second quarter of 2024  participants enrolled in the first cohort will receive their booster vaccination and participants of the second cohort will receive the last of their initial three doses ahead of the 2024 tick season.Topline data from the VALOR trial are expected by the end of 2025  with the aim for Pfizer to submit a Biologic License Application to the FDA and Marketing Authorization Application to the EMA in 2026  subject to positive data.ZIKA VACCINE CANDIDATE – VLA1601Entering Phase 1  further program evaluation plannedVLA1601 is a highly purified inactivated  adjuvanted vaccine candidate against the mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the Zika virus (ZIKV). Disease outbreaks have been reported in tropical Africa  Southeast Asia  the Pacific Islands  and  since 2015  in the Americas. Zika virus transmission persists in several countries in the Americas and in other endemic regions. To date  a total of 89 countries and territories have reported evidence of mosquito transmitted Zika virus infection26; however  surveillance remains limited globally. There are no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  Zika remains a public health threat and is included in the Food and Drug Administration’s Tropical Disease Priority Review Voucher Program27.VLA1601 is being developed on the original manufacturing platform of Valneva’s licensed Japanese Encephalitis vaccine IXIARO®  which was further optimized to develop the Company’s inactivated  adjuvanted COVID-19 vaccine VLA2001  the first one to receive a standard marketing authorization in Europe28. Valneva reported Phase 1 results from its first-generation Zika vaccine candidate in 2019 showing excellent immunogenicity and safety results in all tested doses and schedules29. The Company now expects to start the clinical evaluation of its second-generation vaccine in the coming weeks.A vaccine against the Zika virus (ZIKV) would nicely complement Valneva’s portfolio of travel vaccines against mosquito-borne diseases  which already includes IXCHIQ® and IXIARO®.Pre-Clinical Vaccine CandidatesValneva continues to progress select pre-clinical assets and focus on strengthening its future clinical pipeline.The Company is currently focused on VLA2112  a vaccine candidate targeting the Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)  which is one of the most common human viruses. EBV can cause infectious mononucleosis30 and is strongly associated with the development of several types of cancer31 and multiple sclerosis32.Valneva has also been working on a vaccine candidate targeting the human metapneumovirus (hMPV)  which is a major worldwide respiratory pathogen that causes acute upper and lower respiratory tract infection33 and is exploring potential partnering opportunities.Additionally  Valneva initiated pre-clinical work on vaccine candidates against different enteric diseases.Full Year 2023 Financial Review(Audited34  consolidated under IFRS)RevenuesValneva’s total revenues were €153.7 million in 2023 compared to €361.3 million in 2022. Total revenues in 2022 included €280.0 million of revenue recognition mainly related to the COVID-19 supply agreements in the prior year.Valneva’s total product sales reached €144.6 million in 2023 compared to €114.8 million in 2022. Currency fluctuations of €2.8 million adversely impacted product sales. COVID-19 vaccine sales in 2023 amounted to €5.7 million compared to €29.6 million in 2022. Excluding COVID-19  product sales reached €138.9 million in 2023 compared to €85.2 million in 2022  an increase of 63%.IXIARO®/JESPECT® sales were €73.5 million in 2023 compared to €41.3 million in 2022. The 78% increase in sales is primarily the result of the continued travel market recovery  as well as price increases. The increase in IXIARO®/JESPECT® product sales included an adverse €1.5 million foreign currency impact.DUKORAL® sales were €29.8 million in 2023 compared to €17.3 million in 2022. This 72% increase is also a result of the significant recovery in the private travel markets and price increases. Foreign currency fluctuations reduced DUKORAL® sales by €0.9 million.Third Party product sales were €35.7 million in 2023 compared to €26.5 million in 2022  a 34% increase which was mainly driven by sales of Rabipur®/RabAvert® and Encepur® under the distribution agreement with Bavarian Nordic.Other revenues  including revenues from collaborations  licensing and services amounted to €9.1 million in 2023 compared to €246.5 million in 2022. Other revenues in 2022 included COVID related one-time effects of €280.0 million consisting of released refund liability as a result of the settlement with the UK government  as well as released non-refundable advance payments from European Member States  partially offset by €45.9 million of negative revenue resulting from an increase in the refund liability linked to the amended VLA15 collaboration and license agreement with Pfizer.Operating Result and adjusted EBITDACosts of goods and services sold (COGS) were €100.9 million in 2023. The gross margin on commercial product sales amounted to 46.0% compared to 45.5% in 2022. COGS of €35.1 million related to IXIARO® product sales  yielding a product gross margin of 52.3%. COGS of €17.1 million related to DUKORAL® product sales  yielding a product gross margin of 42.4%. Of the remaining COGS in 2023  €22.8 million related to the third-party products distribution business  €5.3 million to VLA2001 and €10.2 million to cost of services. In 2022  overall COGS were €324.4 million  of which €314.7 million related to cost of goods and €9.7 million related to cost of services. In 2022  COGS of the COVID-19 vaccine program amounted to €267.1 million and included effects from the significant reduction of sales volumes to the European Union Member States which resulted in impairment of fixed assets and inventories.Research and development expenses amounted to €59.9 million in 2023  compared to €104.9 million in 2022. This decrease was exclusively driven by the lower spend on Valneva’s COVID-19 vaccine  VLA2001. At the same time  costs related to the Zika vaccine candidate increased as the Company has been working towards re-initiation of clinical development. Marketing and distribution expenses in 2023 amounted to €48.8 million compared to €23.5 million in 2022. The increase is mainly related to €20.7 million of expenses associated with launch preparations for IXCHIQ® (2022: €7.3 million). In 2023  general and administrative expenses increased to €47.8 million from €34.1 million in 2022. In the previous year 2022  COGS  research and development  marketing and distribution as well as general and administrative expenses all benefited from a non-cash accrual adjustment related to the positive effect of the Company’s share price development on employee share-based compensation programs. This income compares to an expense in 2023.Other income  net of other expenses  increased to €21.5 million in 2023 from €12.2 million in 2022. The increase was mainly driven by grant income received from Scottish Enterprise in the amount of €11.1 million and by a gain from a settlement with a supplier in connection with COVID-19 activities of €4.7 million.Valneva recorded an operating loss of €82.1 million in 2023 compared to an operating loss of €113.4 million in 2022. The higher loss in 2022 was primarily driven by non-recurring expenses of goods and services related to valuation of inventory  and onerous agreement provisions for material in connection with our COVID-19 vaccine and its program suspension. Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below) loss in 2023 was €65.2 million  nearly unchanged to the Adjusted EBITDA loss of €69.2 million in 2022.Net ResultIn 2023  Valneva generated a net loss of €101.4 million compared to a net loss of €143.3 million in 2022.Finance expense and currency effects in 2023 resulted in a net finance expense of €16.5 million  compared to a net finance expense of €31.4 million in 2022. This increase in finance income/expenses  net was mainly due to foreign exchange gains of €5.6 million in 2023 compared to a loss of €12.6 million in 2022  primarily related to the development of the USD and GBP exchange rates.Cash Flow and LiquidityNet cash used in operating activities amounted to €202.7 million in 2023 compared to €245.3 million of cash used in operating activities in 2022. Cash outflows in 2023 were derived from the loss for the period amounting to €101.4 million and from working capital in the amount of €145.6 million  which largely were related to payments to Pfizer in conjunction with Valneva’s contribution to the Phase 3 costs of the Lyme VLA15 R&D program  reducing the refund liability.Cash outflows from investing activities amounted to €20.6 million in 2023 compared to €29.1 million in 2022  both mainly a result of construction activities across production sites in Scotland and Sweden  as well as equipment purchases.Net cash generated from financing activities decreased to €63.1 million in 2023 from €215.1 million in 2022. Cash inflows in 2023 were primarily due to €81.1 million of net proceeds from the additional tranches from the loan agreement with Deerfield and OrbiMed drawn in the second half of the year. Cash inflows in 2022 were mainly a result of proceeds from the equity subscription agreement with Pfizer  proceeds from a global offering as well as a draw-down of the loan provided by Deerfield and OrbiMed.Cash and cash equivalents were €126.1 million as at December 31  2023  compared to €289.4 million as at December 31  2022. Cash and Cash equivalents in 2023 included the drawing of a total of $100 million from the Deerfield and OrbiMed loan agreement as well as significant payments made to Pfizer related to the companies’ Phase 3 Lyme disease study “VALOR”. Cash at the end of 2023 does not include $103 million of proceeds from the PRV  which Valneva sold in February 2024.Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresManagement uses and presents IFRS results as well as the non-IFRS measure of Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate and communicate its performance. While non-IFRS measures should not be construed as alternatives to IFRS measures  management believes non-IFRS measures are useful to further understand Valneva’s current performance  performance trends  and financial condition.Adjusted EBITDA is a common supplemental measure of performance used by investors and financial analysts. Management believes this measure provide additional analytical tools. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings (loss) for the period before income tax  finance income/expense  foreign exchange gain/(loss)  results from investments in associates  amortization  depreciation  and impairment (excluding impairment loss of disposal).A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss for the period  which is the most directly comparable IFRS measure  is set forth below:€ in million Twelve months ending December 31 (consolidated per IFRS) 2023 2022 Loss for the period (101.4) (143.3) Add: Income tax expense 2.8 (1.5) Total Finance income (1.2) (0.3) Total Finance expense 23.3 19.1 Foreign exchange gain/(loss) – net (5.6) 12.6 Result from investments in associates - - Amortization 5.8 7.0 Depreciation 11.8 14.0 Impairment (0.7) 23.2 Adjusted EBITDA (65.2) (69.2)About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first and only chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Pleaseclick here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to guidance for certain financial results in fiscal year 2024 and mid-term outlook on financial results  cash position  and other business developments  including results of ongoing clinical trials  the timing and possible occurrence of further or initial regulatory approvals of its product candidates  the anticipated size of markets for its approved products and sales of those products  receipt of funding from external sources  supply of products sold by Valneva  and relationships with current business partners. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those developed or identified in any public documents filed with the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission made or to be made by Valneva. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines (including in relation to organic or strategic expansion of Valneva’s clinical pipeline)  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis and other global economic or political events  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection  the cancellation of existing contracts  the impact of a pandemic  and changes in the regulatory environment in which Valneva operates. The occurrence of any of these risks and uncertainties could substantially harm Valneva’s business  financial condition  prospects and results of operations. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Announces Sale of Priority Review Voucher for $103 Million - Valneva2 Valneva Announces Extension of the Interest-Only Period of Its Debt Facility with Deerfield and OrbiMed - Valneva3 ACIP Vaccine Recommendations and Schedules | CDC4 Valneva Reports Full Year 2023 Revenue and Cash  Provides First 2024 Guidance - Valneva5 Valneva Announces Extension of the Interest-Only Period of Its Debt Facility with Deerfield and OrbiMed - Valneva6 Valneva Announces Extension of the Interest-Only Period of Its Debt Facility with Deerfield and OrbiMed - Valneva7 Indications differ by country - Please refer to Product / Prescribing Information (PI) / Medication Guide approved in your respective countries for complete information  incl. dosing  safety and age groups in which this vaccine is licensed  ETEC = Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (E. Coli) bacterium.8 Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) is a type of Escherichia coli and one of the leading bacterial causes of diarrhea in the developing world  as well as the most common cause of travelers’ diarrhea.9 ACIP Vaccine Recommendations and Schedules | CDC10 Valneva Announces Publication of its Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate Phase 3 Data in The Lancet - Valneva11 Wressnigg N  Hochreiter R  Zoihsl O  Fritzer A  Bézay N  Klingler A  Lingnau K  Schneider M  Lundberg U  Meinke A  Larcher-Senn J  Čorbic-Ramljak I  Eder-Lingelbach S  Dubischar K  Bender W. ""Single-shot live-attenuated chikungunya vaccine in healthy adults: a phase 1  randomised controlled trial."" Lancet ID  2020: 20(10):1193-1203.12 McMahon R  Töpfer S  Schneider M  Hadl S  Hochreiter R  Kosulin K  Mader R  Zoihsl O  Wressnigg N  ​Dubischar K  Buerger V  Eder-Lingelbach S  Jaramillo JC. ""One year antibody persistence and safety of a live-attenuated chikungunya virus (CHIKV) vaccine candidate (VLA1553) in adults aged 18 years and above."" CISTM. Basel  2023.13 Seroresponse14 Valneva Reports Positive 12-Month Antibody Persistence Data for Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva15 Valneva Reports Positive 24-Month Antibody Persistence Data for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine IXCHIQ® - Valneva16 Valneva Reports Positive Initial Phase 3 Safety Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - Valneva17 Valneva Vaccinates First Participant in Pediatric Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine - Valneva18 Valneva and Bavarian Nordic Announce Marketing and Distribution Partnership - Valneva19 Valneva and VBI Vaccines Announce European Partnership for Marketing and Distribution of PreHevbri® - Valneva20 Valneva and Pfizer Report Six-Month Antibody Persistence Data in Children and Adults for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate - Valneva21Pfizer and Valneva Initiate Phase 3 Study of Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15 - Valneva22 Valneva and Pfizer Report Further Positive Phase 2 Results  Including Booster Response  for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate - Valneva23 Valneva and Pfizer Report Positive Pediatric and Adolescent Phase 2 Booster Results for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate - Valneva24 Pfizer and Valneva Initiate Phase 3 Study of Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate VLA15 - Valneva25 Pfizer and Valneva Complete Recruitment for Phase 3 VALOR Trial for Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate  VLA15 - Valneva26 Zika virus disease (who.int)27 Tropical Disease Priority Review Voucher Program | FDA28 Valneva Receives Marketing Authorization in Europe for Inactivated Whole-Virus COVID-19 Vaccine VLA2001 - Valneva29 Emergent Biosolutions and Valneva Report Positive Phase 1 Results for Their Vaccine Candidate Against the Zika Virus - Valneva30 https://www.cdc.gov/epstein-barr/index.html#:~:text=EBV%20can%20cause%20infectious%20mononucleosis common%20among%20teens%20and%20adults .31 https://www.cancer.org/healthy/cancer-causes/infectious-agents/infections-that-can-lead-to-cancer/viruses.html#:~:text=EBV%20infection%20increases%20a%20person's some%20cases%20of%20stomach%20cancer .32 https://www.nih.gov/news-events/nih-research-matters/study-suggests-epstein-barr-virus-may-cause-multiple-sclerosis#:~:text=Infection%20with%20Epstein%2DBarr%20virus could%20help%20prevent%20multiple%20sclerosis33 https://www.cdc.gov/ncird/human-metapneumovirus.html34 The audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been performed. The audit report will be issued upon finalization of procedures regarding the filing.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.28,0.29,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Results', 'Business Updates', 'Valneva', 'Outlook', 'March', 'significant unmet medical need', 'high unmet medical need', 'Lyme disease Phase 3 study', 'second-generation ZIKA vaccine candidate', 'potential competitive product entry', 'potential IXCHIQ® stockpiling opportunities', 'existing debt financing agreement', 'existing travel vaccine portfolio', 'ACIP recommendations 3 Regulatory reviews', 'lower R&D expenses', 'single-shot chikungunya vaccine IXCHIQ', 'emerging medical need', 'Phase 1 clinical trial', 'Zika- related expenses', 'Priority Review Voucher', 'R&D pipeline', 'R&D costs', 'double-digit annual growth', 'next three years', 'travel market opportunity', 'lower cash burn', 'product tech transfers', 'current refund liability', 'ongoing chikungunya activities', 'continued sales growth', 'first $100 million tranche', 'loan interest rate', 'proprietary travel vaccines', 'annual product sales', 'U.S. CDC', '2024 product sales4 guidance', 'COVID-19 vaccine sales', 'third-party product business', 'IXIARO® supply constraints', 'Lyme program', 'debt repayment', 'loan agreement', 'chikungunya vaccines', 'regulatory approvals', 'IXCHIQ® sales', 'current launch', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'proprietary products', 'third-party sales', 'Cash position', 'cash runway', 'Operational business', 'commercial business', 'pandemic (2019) sales', 'launch-year sales', 'direct sales', 'interest-only period', 'sustained profitability', 'Excellent progress', 'United States', 'FY 2024 guidance', '20-30% reduction', 'additional visibility', 'non-dilutive contributions', 'new state', 'art facility', 'Other income', 'cost contributions', 'first half', 'remaining payments', 'Loss statement', 'first quarter', 'initial launch', 'endemic regions', '36% gross margin', 'overall margins', 'Bavarian Nordic', 'Total revenues', 'commercial revenues', 'Middle-Income Countries', 'strong adoption', 'The Company', 'PRV sale', 'Mid-term outlook', '2022 sales', 'pre', 'year-end', 'January', 'world', 'Europe', 'Canada', 'Brazil', 'Completion', 'recruitment', 'collaboration', 'Pfizer', 'execution', 'milestones', 'track', 'Valneva', 'February', 'result', 'institutions', 'connection', 'brand', 'Almeida', 'Scotland', 'proceeds', 'early 2024', 'December', 'terms', 'Deerfield', 'OrbiMed5', 'July', 'portion', 'DUKORAL®', 'upside', 'decisions', 'submissions', 'number', 'travelers', 'LMICs', 'complement', 'resources', 'less']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37920,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KENMARE-RESOURCES-PLC-30340902/news/2023-Preliminary-Results-46237861/,2023 Preliminary Results,(marketscreener.com) Kenmare Resources plc 20 March 2024 2023 PRELIMINARY RESULTS Kenmare Resources plc   one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in northern Mozambique  today announc…,"Kenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)20 March 20242023 PRELIMINARY RESULTSKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  today announces its preliminary results for the twelve months to 31 December 2023.Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director:“In 2023  Kenmare delivered $220 million of EBITDA  the second strongest in its history and representing a 50% EBITDA margin. The Board is proposing a full year dividend of USc56.04 per share for 2023  up 3% on 2022  and bringing shareholder returns to over $250 million since 2019.This sound financial performance was delivered against a backdrop of operational challenges and a weaker product market. With 2024 well underway  Kenmare is on track to achieve its annual production guidance  although production is still expected to be second half weighted. The markets for our products have been stronger than anticipated in 2024 to date  driven by improving demand for titanium pigment.As previously announced  I will be stepping down as MD later this year. I am very proud of what Kenmare has achieved over the past 38 years and I am confident that the Company will continue to create value for all stakeholders.”2023 overviewFinancialRecommended 2023 dividend of $50.0 million or USc56.04 per share  a 3% increase compared to 2022 (USc54.31)  comprising an interim dividend of USc17.50 per share (paid in October 2023) and a final dividend of USc38.54 per share (payable in May 2024)Mineral product revenue of $437.1 million  a 12% decrease compared to 2022 ($498.3 million)  driven by a 10% lower average price received for Kenmare’s products  due to weaker markets and a 3% reduction in shipmentsTotal cash operating costs of $228.1 million  up 4% on 2022 ($218.7 million)  due to increased heavy mobile equipment rental  higher fuel costs  and costs associated with a severe lightning strike in Q1 2023Cash operating costs per tonne of $209  a 15% increase compared to 2022 ($182 per tonne)  due to higher total cash operating costs and a 9% decrease in production of finished productsEBITDA of $220.3 million  representing a strong EBITDA margin of 50% (2022: 60%)  despite weaker product pricing driving a 26% decrease on 2022 ($298.0 million)Profit after tax of $131.0 million  down 36% on 2022 ($206.0 million)Diluted earnings per share of $1.37 per share  a 35% decrease on 2022 ($2.12 per share)Net cash of $20.7 million at year-end 2023 (2022: $25.7 million)  with cash and cash equivalents of $71.0 million (2022: $108.3 million)Share buy-back of 5.9% of Kenmare’s issued share capital for £23.6 million ($30.0 million) completed in September 2023Post-period end  new debt facilities agreed for a $200 million Revolving Credit Facility to enhance financial flexibility and support Kenmare’s planned capital programmesOperational and corporateAs announced on 15 March 2024  Managing Director Michael Carvill will step down from his executive role and Board position later this year – the Nomination Committee has commenced a process to find his successorStrong safety performance achieved in Q4 2023 has continued in Q1 2024  with the milestone of three million hours without a Lost Time Injury (“LTI”) passed in late FebruaryHeavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) production of 1 448 300 tonnes in 2023  a 9% decrease compared to 2022 (1 586 200 tonnes)  due to lower ore grades and mining rates impacted by power interruptions and a severe lightning strike in Q1 2023Ilmenite production of 986 300 tonnes in 2023  a 9% decrease on 2022 (1 088 300 tonnes)  broadly in line with a 9% reduction in HMC processedShipments of finished products of 1 045 200 tonnes in 2023  a 3% decrease on 2022 (1 075 600 tonnes)  due to weaker product markets and poor weather conditions in Q4 2023Ilmenite production guidance for 2024 is 950 000 to 1 050 000 tonnesProduction in 2024 will be second half weighted  with Q1 2024 production expected to be in line with Q1 2023 – material uplift in production expected in Q2 2024.Dividend timetableKenmare confirms the dates for the proposed 2023 final dividend are as follows:Ex-dividend date 11 April 2024 Record date 12 April 2024 Currency election date 16 April 2024 at 12:00 noon (IST) AGM date for shareholder approval 10 May 2024 Payment date 17 May 2024Irish Dividend Withholding Tax (25%) must be deducted from dividends paid by the Company  unless a shareholder is entitled to an exemption and has submitted a properly completed exemption form to Kenmare’s Registrar.Analyst and investor conference call and webcastKenmare will host a conference call and webcast for analysts  institutional investors  lenders and media today at 09:00 UK time. Participant dial-in numbers for the conference call are as follows (a pin code is not required to access the call):UK: +44 20 3481 4247 Ireland: +353 1 582 2023 US: +1 (646) 307 1963 Conference ID: 9962365To register for the webcast click here. A playback of the webcast will be available at www.kenmareresources.com.Private investor webinarThere will also be a separate webinar for private investors on 26 March 2024 at 12:30pm UK time. To access the webinar  please register in advance by clicking here.For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Katharine Sutton / Michael StarkeInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: + 353 1 671 0411Mob: + 353 87 943 0367 / + 353 87 663 0875Murray Group (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: + 353 1 498 0300Mob: + 353 86 609 0221About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of-life items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Forward-Looking statementsThis announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control  actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDear shareholders IntroductionKenmare faced a number of challenges in 2023  both internal and external. For some of these challenges  such as a weaker product market  the resilience we have built into the Company over the past few years has enabled us to continue to operate profitably. For others  such as the severe lightning strike close to the Moma Mine in February  we have since built in additional protective measures to minimise future interruptions to production. I am proud that  against this backdrop  we delivered another year of robust financial results and strong shareholder distributions.In 2024  we are embarking on a capital programme to unlock the value from the Nataka ore zone  which represents over 70% of Moma’s Mineral Resources. I am confident that we have the skills and experience to navigate the challenges that come with large projects: we have strong relationships with our partners in Mozambique  our customers  and other stakeholders  supported by a team with 17 years of operational experience and more than 30 years in country.I would like to recognise Michael Carvill’s role in developing the Company to this point and in preparing the way for the Nataka development. The Moma deposit was developed and Kenmare exists only because of Michael’s focus  determination  and ability to build enduring relationships. I am very grateful to him for agreeing to continue to provide the Company with his insights as a senior advisor on the Nataka transition and our relationship with the Government of Mozambique.Transition to NatakaIn 2023  we completed a Definitive Feasibility Study (“DFS”) for the main elements of the upgrade of Wet Concentrator Plant (“WCP”) A and its transition to Nataka. Nataka is the largest ore zone within Moma’s portfolio and WCP A is expected to mine there for the remainder of its economic life. Our detailed studies have confirmed the optimal method to mine Nataka and upgrade the mining plant  with the objective of retaining our first quartile position on the industry revenue to cost curve.The capital cost for the Nataka transition to the end of 2027 is estimated to be up to $341 million. This includes costs for additional WCP A infrastructure  with the DFS for this work due to be completed in Q2 2024. Your Directors are very conscious that this represents a significant increase to the cost estimates announced following the Pre-Feasibility Study (“PFS”) and the Board and executive team are focused on detailed oversight and effective delivery of the project  supporting successful mining in the new orebody for many years to come.In order to maintain maximum financial flexibility during this short period of increased capital spend  the Board took the decision in late 2023 to defer the upgrade of WCP B. While we continue to study ways of enhancing production at WCP B  which is likely to represent an attractive investment  in the short-term we are prioritising the WCP A investment.Delivering value for our shareholdersDuring the year  I was pleased to get the opportunity to meet with a number of Kenmare’s shareholders as it is vital for the Board and management to understand their perspectives  priorities and concerns. In early 2024  we undertook an investor perception study to allow a wider group of existing shareholders  potential investors and sell-side analysts to share their views on all aspects of the Company. One of the key pieces of feedback was the importance of maintaining a sound balance sheet  particularly while undertaking the Nataka transition. My fellow Directors and I will continue to foster open dialogue with our shareholders and we remain focused on maximising shareholder value.The Board is recommending a final dividend of USc38.54 per share (2022: USc43.33). This amounts to a total dividend in respect of 2023 of USc56.04 per share  up 3% (2022: USc54.31). We also completed a second share buy-back in September 2023  when Kenmare repurchased 5.9% of its issued share capital for a total consideration of $30.0 million. Including the 2023 dividend  over $250 million will have been returned to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share buy-backs since 2019.The majority of the capital investment to support the Nataka transition will be incurred in 2024 and 2025. We recently announced a new $200 million debt facility with our lenders  which is an important element of our capital structure and financial planning. To the extent possible during this period  we will aim to pay dividends towards the top of our stated payout range of 20-40% of underlying Profit After Tax. However  additional shareholder returns will need to be balanced with a requirement to maintain a strong balance sheet to fund the programme.SustainabilitySustainability has always been central to Kenmare and from speaking to employees at Moma  I know it is one of the areas of our business that inspires the most passion and pride in our workforce. I am encouraged to see a return to strong safety performance  with no Lost Time Injuries in Q4 and three million hours worked without a Lost Time Injury achieved by late February 2024. The health  safety and wellbeing of our team at the Moma Mine remain our top priorities.Female representation in Kenmare’s workforce increased again in 2023 – by the end of the year  16% of Mine employees were women  up from 14.5% in 2022. This represents a fourfold increase over the last eight years  and we are making good progress towards our target of 20% by the end of 2025. Importantly  an even higher proportion of the senior management at the Mine is female (40% compared to 25% in 2022) and we are pleased to see their positive impact being delivered through improved leadership and collaboration.Turning to the environment  we take seriously our responsibility to maintain biodiversity at the Moma Mine. In June 2023  our Sustainability Committee participated in a strategic discussion centred on the conservation goals of both the Global Biodiversity Framework and the Mozambican Government. Work is underway on our strategies for “No Net Loss” and “15% Net Gain”  which will be delivered through Moma’s Biodiversity Offset Management Plan.Executive and Board developmentAs Michael Carvill is stepping down later this year  Kenmare’s Nomination Committee has initiated a process to find Michael’s successor and will consider both internal and external candidates. Michael will step down ahead of the Company’s 2024 Interim Results.As I mentioned in my last statement  we were delighted to welcome Issa Al Balushi to the Board in early 2023. He became a Director in January as the Board nominee of our largest investor  the Oman Investment Authority.We are committed to increasing female representation on Kenmare’s Board and  following a review by the Nomination Committee  we have initiated a search for an additional female Non-Executive Director. This will be co-ordinated with the search for a new Managing Director in order to ensure that the Board has the appropriate mix of skills. It is also our intention to appoint one of our female Directors as Senior Independent Director when Graham Martin retires next year. This will allow us to benefit from increased diversity  whilst also meeting Listing Rules for female Directors and their roles in senior Board positions. Following this  women will represent at least 40% of Kenmare’s Board.During the year  I conducted an internal Board performance review. Similarly to 2022  the review indicated a high level of satisfaction and found that there is good communication both within the Board and its Committees  and with management. However  there is always room for improvement  and we have identified a number of focus areas to improve Board effectiveness in 2024. These include strengthening the processes by which the Board oversees budgeting and capital allocation planning  and how we evaluate internal and external investment opportunities.Outlook2023 was a year of on-going global volatility: the Chinese economy slowed  and major conflicts erupted or continued in several parts of the world. The potential for instability is likely to extend into 2024  with both the USA and Russia holding elections during the year  in addition to approximately 70 other countries  including Mozambique.However  despite the prospect of on-going macroeconomic uncertainty  Kenmare continues to occupy a market-leading position: we produce products that the world needs  we can operate profitably throughout the commodity price cycle  and the Nataka transition will ensure this continues for future generations.Nevertheless  we recognise there is a lot of work to be done  including continuing to strengthen our safety culture  improving the consistency of our operational performance  and ensuring we capture strategic opportunities whenever value can be created for all of our stakeholders. We recognise that Kenmare’s share price has experienced significant weakness during the past year  and we are focused on delivery in order to improve our valuation in 2024 and beyond.AcknowledgementsOn behalf of the Board  I would like to thank Michael Carvill for his outstanding commitment and service to Kenmare over almost forty years. Having worked with him personally for 25 years  I have seen first-hand his dedication to the highest personal and corporate values in every facet of our operations  the inspirational quality of his leadership  and the beneficial impact of his commitment to the communities in which we work. We are very grateful for Michael’s tremendous contribution to Kenmare and he has our very best wishes for the future.We appreciate the support of everyone who has contributed to the Company over the past year  and I’d like to finish by thanking my colleagues on the Board  Kenmare’s employees  our host communities  shareholders  and other valued stakeholders.Andrew WebbCHAIRMANMANAGING DIRECTOR’S STATEMENTDear shareholders IntroductionIn March 2024  I announced that I will be stepping down as Managing Director later this year. Subject to my re-election at our Annual General Meeting in May  I will continue in my executive role and on Kenmare’s Board until the Interim Results in mid-August  and in a consultancy capacity until at least the end of 2024. The 38 years I will have served as Managing Director have been both fascinating and rewarding  and each year has brought its own challenges and achievements.Looking back on 2023 in particular  we advanced a number of major projects  critical for the long-term success of the business. Preparations began for the transition of WCP A to Nataka  which will secure production for decades to come. The refinancing of our debt facilities  which we announced in early 2024  enhanced our financial flexibility and will allow us to maintain shareholder distributions  while funding our capital requirements. The contract was also signed for the construction of a new district hospital by the Kenmare Moma Development Association (“KMAD”)  which will substantially improve the healthcare provision for communities living close to the Moma Mine.However  2023 also presented a number of operational challenges  principally an unusually severe lightning strike  that led to a downward revision of our ilmenite production guidance for the year. I am proud that  despite these issues and weaker product markets  we delivered a robust financial performance  with the second strongest EBITDA in Kenmare’s history and representing a 50% EBITDA margin. We also maintained a net cash position at year-end. The Board is recommending a dividend per share of USc56.04 in respect of 2023  up 3% on 2022  and benefitting from Kenmare’s reduced issued share capital following our second share buy-back in 2023.SafetyIn late February 2024  we passed the milestone of three million hours worked without a LTI  which is a credit to our team at Moma. This built on our strong safety performance in Q4 2023  when we achieved zero LTIs.While this was encouraging  our Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate for the 12 months to 31 December 2023 increased to 0.15 incidents per 200 000 hours worked  due to the five LTIs earlier in the year  compared to 0.09 in 2022. As part of our focus on reversing this negative trend  we strengthened our safety leadership with the appointment of a new Health & Safety Manager  Babra Mudzanapabwe. She is managing the implementation of additional training and new safety protocols  including “safety-led down times”  to reinforce that safety must always be prioritised above production.For an eighth consecutive year  Moma retained its maximum five-star rating by the National Occupational Safety Association (NOSA).Operational performanceOperations at the Moma Mine had a difficult start to 2023  due to an unusually severe lightning strike hitting power lines close to the Mine in February. Power infrastructure and electronic devices within our three WCPs were damaged by the strike  impacting HMC production. We continued to experience power reliability issues throughout H1  leading us to revise down our ilmenite production guidance in July. In the months following the lightning strike  our technical team conducted a thorough investigation and additional protective measures have since been put in place  providing an additional line of defence to the grid’s own safeguards.To improve future regional power reliability  Kenmare part-funded the refurbishment of the Nampula STATCOM on the Electricidade de Moꞔambique (“EdM”) grid and this was commissioned in Q4 2023. In addition  a new regional 400kV power line is due to be commissioned by EdM in the coming months. Both of these projects are expected to enhance power stability at the Mine.HMC production was also impacted by lower grades in 2023 than expected. Against this backdrop  we were pleased to achieve revised ilmenite production guidance for the year  while meeting or exceeding original production guidance for our other products  and we are focused on improving operational performance in 2024.Shipments in 2023 were down 3% compared to 2022  due to slightly weaker demand and more cautious buying from our customers. However  we saw our strongest shipments in Q4 and volumes would have been higher still had poor weather not impacted loading time.In an independent report  TZMI  a mineral sands industry analyst  declared that Kenmare is in the first quartile on the industry revenue to cost curve in respect of 2021. It was pleasing to receive this independent verification of our own analysis and we are focused on maintaining this leading position  which will be facilitated through our programme of capital investment.In late 2022  Kenmare initiated the renewal process for the Implementation Agreement  which covers elements of the fiscal regime governing Moma’s operation. The original agreement was signed in 2004 with a 20-year term and the Company has materially exceeded all the undertakings agreed at that time. This process is continuing and Kenmare is confident the renewal will be concluded in an orderly manner.SustainabilitySince the Company’s formation  we have had a commitment to being a trusted corporate citizen  particularly with respect to our stakeholders in Mozambique.In 2004  we established KMAD and I am very proud of the transformational change it has delivered for people living close to the Mine. During the past 20 years  over $20 million has been invested into community development initiatives  including $4.7 million in 2023. In addition to the agreement to construct a new district hospital  some of KMAD’s highlights for the year included the construction of a third community health centre and the first students graduating from the KMAD-constructed Topuito Technical College  including 23 female students sponsored by KMAD.2023 has been confirmed as the hottest year on record and climate change is no longer a future threat but a current reality for our business. With this in mind  we are working to set 2030 interim targets for operational emissions to demonstrate a clear route to decarbonisation and our 2040 Net Zero target. In 2023  we reduced our Scope 1 emissions by 14%  due primarily to investments in the Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply and operational efficiencies at the Mineral Separation Plant.Product marketsThe Moma Mine is a globally significant titanium minerals deposit  with over 100 years of Mineral Resources at the current production rate. Titanium minerals are listed as critical minerals for a number of regions  including the US and in Europe. They are essential in the production of titanium pigment  which is used in everyday items such as paint  plastic and paper  as well as in the fast-growing titanium metal market  which is primarily consumed by the aerospace industry.Following a year of record pricing in 2022  markets softened in 2023 due to increasing global economic uncertainty. It was nonetheless pleasing to see that demand from our customers remained relatively robust despite these macroeconomic pressures and demand for ilmenite has been stronger in early 2024 than we expected.Downstream demand for titanium pigment was subdued in 2023  although it improved through the second half of the year. The challenges faced by the pigment market prompted producers to sustain lower-than-normal inventories throughout 2023. We believe the rebuilding of these inventories through increased utilisation rates in 2024 will support demand for ilmenite. Market dynamics continue to favour Kenmare’s ilmenite and we also benefit from our first quartile margin position  allowing us to generate positive cash flow throughout the commodity price cycle.The zircon market was also softer in 2023 as reduced global economic activity decreased demand for products like ceramics. Prices for zircon in Europe remained weaker in early 2024 but Kenmare has seen a stabilisation in the Chinese spot market in recent months  which we expect will provide some support to the global market.Despite these short-term pressures  Kenmare believes that the market fundamentals for our products are strong  due primarily to medium- and long-term supply constraints within the titanium feedstocks and zircon industries.Capital projectsDuring 2023  we completed the DFS for the core elements of WCP A’s upgrade and transition to Nataka in late 2025. Nataka is the largest of Moma’s ore zones and WCP A will mine there for the rest of its economic life.The upgrade of WCP A will significantly increase the plant’s capacity and allow it to more effectively manage slimes  which are ultra fine particles that negatively impact production. This will ensure consistent future production  while maintaining low operating costs. The DFS for additional infrastructure is continuing and scheduled to be completed in Q2 2024.Total capital expenditure for the project is estimated to be up to $341 million to the end of 2027  including the costs for additional infrastructure. Most of this capital expenditure is expected to be incurred in 2024 and 2025  with $179 million budgeted for 2024.The DFS capital cost estimate is higher than the PFS estimate  which was released in April. This was due to changes in scope and design  reflecting opportunities to safeguard Kenmare’s first quartile position on the revenue to cost curve; additional indirect costs to deliver effective schedule risk minimisation; increased contingency costs; and capital cost inflation during the period.We will be funding this capital investment through operational cash flows and debt facilities  while continuing to make shareholder returns. We announced a new $200 million Revolving Credit Facility with our existing lender group in February 2024  with improved terms that reflect our position as an established mineral sands producer.OutlookWith 2024 well underway  our focus is firmly on delivery. Our team at the Moma Mine are working hard to achieve our guidance for the year  while maintaining the strong safety performance we returned to in Q4 2023. Our projects team is advancing the preparations for the transition to Nataka  while actively looking for ways to optimise the scope  design  and execution of the project.While product markets were impacted in 2023 by the weaker global economy  ilmenite prices are holding up well in early 2024. Our first quartile position on the industry revenue to cost curve supports our ability to generate strong cash flow  even during periods of weaker pricing  and we are focused on optimising mining at Nataka to ensure we retain this position.Finally  I would like to thank all my friends and colleagues within the Company  as well as our customers  shareholders  and other partners in Mozambique for their continued support. It has been a privilege to lead Kenmare for almost four decades and I am pleased to leave the Company in a position of strength  with a tier one asset  and as the largest supplier of ilmenite in the world. I am very proud of all that Kenmare has achieved to date and confident in our team's ability to continue to execute on the Company’s strategy to create value for all stakeholders.Michael CarvillMANAGING DIRECTORUNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023Notes Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Revenue 2 458 477 525 988 Cost of sales 4 (294 927) (282 694) Gross profit 163 550 243 294 Administration expenses 4 (8 426) (9 862) Operating profit 155 124 233 432 Finance income 5 5 904 1 147 Finance costs 5 (11 118) (12 472) Profit before tax 149 910 222 107 Income tax expense 6 (18 928) (16 073) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 130 982 206 034 Attributable to equity holders 130 982 206 034 $ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 7 1.41 2.17 Diluted earnings per share 7 1.37 2.12The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023Notes Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Revenue 2 458 477 525 988 Cost of sales 4 (294 927) (282 694) Gross profit 163 550 243 294 Administration expenses 4 (8 426) (9 862) Operating profit 155 124 233 432 Finance income 5 5 904 1 147 Finance costs 5 (11 118) (12 472) Profit before tax 149 910 222 107 Income tax expense 6 (18 928) (16 073) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 130 982 206 034 Attributable to equity holders 130 982 206 034 $ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 7 1.41 2.17 Diluted earnings per share 7 1.37 2.12The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONAS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023Notes Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Assets Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 8 935 848 930 759 Right-of-use assets 9 1 368 1 608 937 216 932 367 Current assets Inventories 10 99 257 84 171 Trade and other receivables 11 153 650 124 018 Cash and cash equivalents 12 71 048 108 271 323 955 316 460 Total assets 1 261 171 1 248 827 Equity Capital and reserves attributable to the Company’s equity holders Called-up share capital 13 97 104 Share premium 545 950 545 950 Other reserves 229 740 232 759 Retained earnings 367 504 324 721 Total equity 1 143 291 1 103 534 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Bank loans 14 15 502 46 180 Lease liabilities 9 1 256 1 540 Provisions 15 20 877 19 746 37 635 67 466 Current liabilities Bank loans 14 32 371 32 398 Lease liabilities 9 264 245 Trade and other payables 16 38 564 35 293 Current tax liabilities 17 6 921 8 893 Provisions 15 2 125 998 80 245 77 827 Total liabilities 117 880 145 293 Total equity and liabilities 1 261 171 1 248 827The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITYFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023UnauditedCalled-Up ShareCapital$’000 UnauditedSharePremium$’000 Unaudited Other Reserves$’000 Unaudited RetainedEarnings$’000 UnauditedTotal$’000 Balance at 1 January 2022 104 545 950 230 539 154 050 930 643 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year - - - 206 034 206 034 Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 206 034 206 034 Transactions with owners of the Company – contributions and distributions - - 5 601 - 5 601 Recognition of share-based payment expense Exercise of share-based payment awards - - (3 363) - (3 363) Shares acquired by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust - -(1 797) -(1 797) Shares distributed by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust - -1 779 -1 779 Odd lot offer share buy back - - 515 (515) - Odd lot offer share buy back transaction costs - - - (122) (122) Cancellation of treasury shares - - (515) - (515) Dividends paid - - - (34 726) (34 726) Total contributions and distributions - - 2 220 (35 363) (33 143) Balance at 1 January 2023 104 545 950 232 759 324 721 1 103 534 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year - - - 130 982 130 982 Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 130 982 130 982 Transactions with owners of the Company – contributions and distributions Recognition of share-based payment expense - - 3 278 - 3 278 Exercise of share-based payment awards - - (3 512) (2 197) (5 709) Shares acquired by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust - - (6 182) - (6 182) Shares distributed by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust - - 3 390 - 3 390 Tender offer share buy back (7) - 7 (29 963) (29 963) Share buy back transaction costs - - - 572 572 Dividends paid - - - (56 611) (56 611) Total contributions and distributions (7) - (3 019) (88 199) (91 225) Balance at 31 December 2023 97 545 950 229 740 367 504 1 143 291UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023Notes Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Cash flows from operating activities Profit for the financial year after tax 130 982 206 034 Adjustment for: Foreign exchange movement included in operating costs - 1 123 Expected credit losses 18 46 1 110 Share-based payments 3 278 5 601 Finance income 5 (5 904) (1 147) Finance costs 5 11 118 12 472 Income tax expense 6 18 928 16 073 Depreciation 8  9 65 122 64 596 223 570 305 862 Change in: Provisions 1 341 (2 141) Inventories (15 086) (23 952) Trade and other receivables (29 529) (47 627) Trade and other payables 299 (1 680) Exercise of share-based payment awards (2 319) (1 566) Cash generated from operating activities 178 276 228 896 Income tax paid (21 119) (10 461) Interest received 5 756 657 Interest paid 9 (7 323) (7 068) Factoring and other trade facility fees 5 (1 467) (2 218) Debt commitment fees paid and other fees 5 (928) (534) Net cash from operating activities 153 195 209 272 Investing activities Additions to property  plant and equipment 8 (66 540) (59 867) Net cash used in investing activities (66 540) (59 867) Financing activities Dividends paid (56 611) (34 726) Odd lot offer share buy back - (515) Odd lot offer share buy back transaction costs - (122) Tender offer share buy back (29 963) - Tender offer share buy back transaction costs 572 - Market purchase of equity under Kenmare Restricted Share Plan (6 182) (1 797) Drawdown of debt 14 - 20 000 Repayment of debt 14 (31 429) (91 429) Payment of lease liabilities (265) (995) Net cash used in financing activities (123 878) (109 584) Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents (37 223) 39 821 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year 108 271 69 057 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents - (607) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year 12 71 048 108 271UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20231. Statement of accounting policiesKenmare Resources plc (the “Company”) is domiciled in the Republic of Ireland. The Company’s registered address is Styne House  Hatch Street Upper  Dublin 2. The Company has a premium listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on Euronext Dublin. These consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). The principal activity of the Group is the operation and further development of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique.On 19 March 2024  the Directors approved the preliminary results for publication. While the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023  from which the preliminary results have been extracted  are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union  these preliminary results do not contain sufficient information to comply with IFRS. The Directors expect to publish on 4 April 2024 the full financial statements that comply with IFRS as adopted by the European Union.The auditor  KPMG  has not yet issued their audit opinion on the financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023. The financial information included within this unaudited preliminary results statement for the year ended 31 December 2023 does not constitute the statutory financial statements of the Group within the meaning of section 293 of the Companies Act 2014. The Group financial information in this preliminary statement for the year ended 31 December 2023 is unaudited. A copy of the statutory financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 will be annexed to the next annual return and filed with the Registrar of Companies.The Group financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 included in this preliminary statement represents an abbreviated version of the Group’s financial statements for that year. The statutory financial statements for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022  upon which the auditor  KPMG  has issued an unqualified opinion  were annexed to the annual return of the Company and filed with the Registrar of Companies.None of the new and revised standards and interpretations which are effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023  have a material effect on the Group’s financial statements.Basis of preparationThe consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and interpretations issued by the IFR Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) as adopted by the EU and those parts of the Companies Act 2014 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS and Article 4 of the IAS Regulation.Going concernThe Directors have  at the time of approving the financial statements  a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group have or will have adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Based on the Group’s cash flow forecast  liquidity  solvency position and available finance facilities  the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources for the foreseeable future and  therefore  they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the financial statements.Management plans assume that all agreements  licences  concessions and approvals relating to the Group’s mining and processing activities are in place or will be renewed over the 12 month period  including the Implementation Agreement  from the date of authorisation of these financial statements. The Group forecast has been prepared by management with best estimates of production  pricing and cost assumptions over the period. Key assumptions upon which the Group forecast is based include a mine plan covering production using the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi reserves and resources as will be set out in the Annual Report’s unaudited mineral reserves and resources table. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. Production levels for the purpose of the forecast are approximately 1.1 million tonnes per annum of ilmenite plus co-products  zircon  concentrates and rutile  over the next twelve months. Assumptions for product sales prices are based on contract prices as stipulated in marketing agreements with customers or  where contract prices are based on market prices or production is not presently contracted  prices are forecast taking into account independent titanium mineral sands expertise and management expectations. Operating costs are based on approved budget costs for 2024  taking into account the current running costs of the Mine and escalated by 2% per annum thereafter. Capital costs are based on the capital plans and include escalation at 2% per annum. The 2024 operating costs and forecast capital costs take into account the current inflationary environment. The 2% inflation rate used from 2025 to escalate these costs over the life of mine is an estimated long-term inflation rate.Sensitivity analysis is applied to the assumptions above to test the robustness of the cash flow forecasts for changes in market prices  shipments and operating and capital cost assumptions. Changes in these assumptions affect the level of sales and profitability of the Group and the amount of capital required to deliver the projected production levels. As a result of this assessment  the Board has a reasonable expectation that the Group will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the 12 month period from the date of authorisation of these financial statements.2. RevenueUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Revenue from contracts with customers Revenue derived from the sale of mineral products 437 091 498 339 Revenue derived from freight services 21 386 27 649 Total Revenue 458 477 525 988Revenue by mineral productThe principal categories for disaggregating mineral products revenue are by product type and by country of the customer’s location. The mineral product types are ilmenite  zircon  rutile and concentrates. Concentrates includes secondary zircon and mineral sands concentrates.During the financial year  the Group sold 1 045 200 tonnes (2022: 1 075 600 tonnes) of finished products to customers at a sales value of $437.1 million (2022: $498.3 million). The Group earned revenue derived from freight services of $21.4 million (2022: $27.6 million).Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Revenue derived from sales of mineral products by primary product Ilmenite 315 138 347 446 Primary zircon 79 628 99 152 Concentrates 31 046 33 057 Rutile 11 279 18 684 Total revenue from mineral products 437 091 498 339 Revenue derived from freight services 21 386 27 649 Total Revenue 458 477 525 988Revenue by destinationIn the following table  revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical market. The Group allocates revenue from external customers to individual countries and discloses revenues in each country where revenues represent 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue. Where total disclosed revenue disaggregated by country constitutes less than 75% of total Group revenue  additional disclosures are made on a regional basis until at least 75% of the Group’s disaggregated revenue is disclosed. There were no individual countries within Europe  Asia (excluding China) or the Rest of the World with revenues representing 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the year.Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Revenue derived from sales of mineral product by destinationChina 177 511 154 704 Europe 86 238 130 440 Asia (excluding China) 76 535 108 487 USA 52 826 51 600 Rest of the World 43 981 53 108 Total revenue from mineral products 437 091 498 339 Revenue derived from freight services 21 386 27 649 Total Revenue 458 477 525 988Revenue by major customersThe Group evaluates the concentration of mineral product revenue by major customer. The following table disaggregates mineral product revenue from the Group’s four largest customers.Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Revenue from external customers Largest customer 69 023 74 671 Second largest customer 41 616 62 791 Third largest customer 32 999 58 413 Fourth largest customer 31 844 41 015 Total 175 482 236 890All Group revenues from external customers are generated by the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Further details on this operating segment can be found in Note 3. Sales to and from Ireland were $nil (2022: $nil) in the year.3. Segment reportingInformation on the operations of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique is reported to the Group’s Board for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance. Information regarding the Group’s operating segment is reported below:Unaudited20232022 Corporate Mozambique Total Corporate Mozambique Total $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 Revenue & Results Revenue* - 458 477 458 477 - 525 988 525 988 Cost of sales - (294 927) (294 927) - (282 694) (282 694) Gross profit - 163 550 163 550 - 243 294 243 294 Administrative expenses (6 867) (1 559) (8 426) (7 848) (2 014) (9 862) Segment operating profit (6 867) 161 991 155 124 (7 848) 241 280 233 432 Finance income 2 585 3 319 5 904 23 1 124 1 147 Finance expenses (40) (11 078) (11 118) (83) (12 389) (12 472) Profit before tax (4 322) 154 232 149 910 (7 908) 230 015 222 107 Income tax expense (7 156) (11 772) (18 928) (1 601) (14 472) (16 073) Profit for the financial year (11 478) 142 460 130 982 (9 509) 215 543 206 034 Segment assets & Liabilities Segment Assets 40 918 1 220 253 1 261 171 12 583 1 236 244 1 248 827 Segment Liabilities 10 392 107 488 117 880 4 722 140 571 145 293 Additions to non-current assets Segment Additions to non-current assets - 69 730 69 730 - 59 867 59 867*Revenue excludes inter-segment revenue of $22.7 million (2022: $24.2 million) earned by the corporate segment relating to marketing and management services fee income. Inter-segment revenue is not regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker.Corporate assets consist of the Company’s property  plant and equipment including right-of-use assets  cash and cash equivalents and prepayments at the reporting date. Corporate liabilities consist of trade and other payables at the reporting date.4. Cost and income analysisUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Expenses by function Cost of sales 294 927 282 694 Administrative expenses 8 426 9 862 Total 303 353 292 556Expenses by nature can be analysed as follows:Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Expenses by nature Staff costs 58 252 55 907 Repairs and maintenance 42 278 43 151 Power and fuel 47 791 43 960 Freight 21 386 27 649 Other production and operating costs 83 274 78 921 Movement of mineral products inventory (14 750) (21 628) Depreciation of property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 65 122 64 596 Total 303 353 292 556Mineral products consist of finished products and heavy mineral concentrate as detailed in Note 10. Mineral stock movement in the year was an increase of $14.7 million (2022: $21.6 million increase). Freight costs of $21.4 million (2022: $27.7 million) arise from sales to customers on a CIF or CFR basis. There were no exceptional items within operating profit in 2023 (2022: $nil).5. Net finance costsUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Finance costs Interest on bank borrowings (7 935) (8 829) Interest on lease liabilities (112) (147) Factoring and other trade facility fees (1 467) (2 218) Commitment and other fees (928) (534) Unwinding of discount on mine closure provision (676) (744) Total finance costs (11 118) (12 472) Interest earned on bank deposits 5 904 657 Foreign exchange gain - 490 Total finance income 5 904 1 147 Net finance costs recognised in profit or loss (5 214) (11 325)All interest has been expensed in the financial year. The Group has classified factoring and other trade facility fees in net cash from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cashflows.6. Income tax expenseUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Corporation tax 18 928 16 073 Deferred tax - - Total 18 928 16 073 Reconciliation of effective tax rate Profit before tax 149 910 222 107 Profit before tax multiplied by the applicable tax rate (12.5%) 18 739 27 763 (Over)/under provision in respect of prior years (219) 546 Non-taxable income (9 434) (18 120) Non-deductible expenses 1 204 483 Differences in effective tax rates on overseas earnings 8 638 5 401 Total 18 928 16 073During the year  Kenmare Moma Mining Limited Mozambique Branch had taxable profits of $34.1 million (2022: $39.9 million)  resulting in an income tax expense of $11.7 million (2022: $14.5 million) being recognised. The income tax rate applicable to taxable profits of KMML Mozambique Branch is 35% (2022: 35%).Kenmare Moma Mining Limited Mozambique Branch has elected  and the fiscal regime applicable to mining allows for  the option to deduct  as an allowable deduction  depreciation of exploration and development expense and capital expenditure over the life of mine. Tax losses may be carried forward for three years. There are no tax losses carried forward at 31 December 2023.Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited Mozambique Branch has Industrial Free Zone (IFZ) status. As an IFZ Branch  it is exempted from corporation taxes and hence its income is non-taxable.During the year  Kenmare Resources plc had taxable profits of $89.2 million (2022: $13.3 million) as a result of management and marketing service fee income earned on services provided to subsidiary undertakings and dividend income earned from subsidiary undertakings  resulting in a corporate tax expense of $7.2 million (2022: $1.6 million).7. Earnings per shareThe calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company is based on the following data:Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Profit for the financial year attributable to equity holders of the Company 130 982 206 034Unaudited2023Number of shares 2022Number of shares Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share 93 126 115 94 919 944 Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares: Share awards 2 437 495 2 361 819 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share 95 563 610 97 281 763$ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 1.41 2.17 Diluted earnings per share 1.37 2.12The denominator for the purposes of calculating both basic and diluted earnings per share has been adjusted to reflect shares acquired during the year.8. Property  plant and equipmentPlant andEquipment$’000 DevelopmentExpenditure$’000 ConstructionIn Progress$’000 OtherAssets$’000 Total$’000 Cost At 1 January 2022 1 017 429 258 172 61 430 64 431 1 401 462 Additions during the financial year 252 112 59 261 242 59 867 Transfer from construction in progress 48 233 1 767 (69 918) 19 918 - Disposals (10 230) - - (7 201) (17 431) Adjustment to mine closure cost (20 080) - - - (20 080) At 31 December 2022 1 035 604 260 051 50 773 77 390 1 423 818 Additions during the financial year - - 69 703 27 69 730 Transfer from construction in progress 20 144 13 095 (40 391) 7 152 - Disposals (415) - - (9 429) (9 844) Adjustment to mine closure cost 241 - - - 241 At 31 December 2023 1 055 574 273 146 80 085 75 140 1 483 945 Accumulated depreciation At 1 January 2022 270 113 141 489 - 35 302 446 904 Charge for the financial year 44 435 6 379 - 12 772 63 586 Disposals (10 230) - - (7 201) (17 431) At 31 December 2022 304 318 147 868 - 40 873 493 059 Charge for the financial year 44 928 8 952 - 11 002 64 882 Disposals (415) - - (9 429) (9 844) At 31 December 2023 348 831 156 820 - 42 446 548 097 Carrying amount At 31 December 2023 706 743 116 326 80 085 32 694 935 848 At 31 December 2022 731 286 112 183 50 773 36 517 930 759An adjustment to the mine closure cost of $0.2 million (2022: $20.1 million) was made during the year as a result of an update in the mine closure cost estimate as detailed in Note 15.At each reporting date  the Group assesses whether there is any indication that property  plant and equipment may be impaired. The Group considers the relationship between its market capitalisation and its book value  among other factors  when reviewing for indicators for impairment. As at 31 December 2023  the market capitalisation of the Group was below the book value of net assets  which is considered an indicator of impairment. The Group carried out an impairment review of property  plant and equipment as at 31 December 2023. As a result of the review  and given the performance and outlook of the Group  no impairment provision was recognised in the current financial year. No impairment was recognised in the prior financial year. Given the historic volatility in mineral product pricing and sensitivity of the forecast to mineral product pricing  the discount rate and to a lesser extent operating costs  the impairment loss of $64.8 million  which was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in 2014  was not reversed.The cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment testing is the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine. The basis on which the Mine is assessed is its value in use. The cash flow forecast employed for the value in use computation is from a life of mine financial model. The recoverable amount obtained from the financial model represents the present value of the future discounted pre-tax  pre-finance cash flows discounted at 12% (2022: 14%).Key assumptions include the following:• The discount rate is based on the Group’s weighted average cost of capital. This rate is a best estimate of the current market assessment of the time value of money  and the risks specific to the Mine  taking into consideration country risk  currency risk and price risk. The factors making up the cost of equity and cost of debt have changed from the prior year review  resulting in a discount rate of 12% (2022: 14%). The Group’s estimation of the country risk premium included in the discount rate has remained unchanged from the prior year. The Group does not consider it appropriate to apply the full current country risk premium for Mozambique to the calculation of the Group’s weighted average cost of capital as it believes the specific circumstances which have resulted in the risk premium increase over the past number of years are not relevant to the specific circumstances of the Moma Mine. Hence  country risk premium applicable to the calculation of the cost of equity has been adjusted accordingly. Forecast income tax on intercompany dividends from subsidiary undertakings is assumed to be exempt from 2025  by way of change to tax legislation or alternatively group restructuring. Using a discount rate of 12.0%  the recoverable amount is greater than the carrying amount by $374.0 million (2022: $86.9 million). The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the recoverable amount. A 3.5% increase in the discount rate to 15.5% reduces the recoverable amount by $374.0 million to $nil  assuming all other inputsremain unchanged. The increase in the recoverable amount from the prior year is a result of increased cash flows over the life of mine as a result of increased forecast revenue net of increased capital costs and a decrease in the discount rate from 14% to 12%.• The forecast assumes that all agreements  licences  concessions and approvals relating to the Group’s mining and processing activities including the Implementation Agreement are in place or will be renewed. The mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi proved and probable reserves and resources. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine life assumption of 40 years has not changed from the prior year review. Average annual production is approximately 1.3 million tonnes (2022: 1.2 million tonnes) of ilmenite and co-products zircon  rutile and concentrates over the life of the Mine. Medium term production over the next three years is approximately 1.1 million tonnes. This mine plan does not include investment in additional mining capacity. Certain minimum stocks of final and intermediate products are assumed to be maintained at period ends.• Product sales prices are based on contract prices as stipulated in marketing agreements with customers  or where contracts are based on market prices or production is not currently contracted  prices are forecast by the Group taking into account independent titanium mineral sands expertise provided by TiPMC Solutions and management expectations including general inflation of 2% per annum. Forecast prices provided by TiPMC Solutions have been reviewed and found to be consistent with other external sources of information. Average forecast product sales prices have increased over the life of mine from the prior year-end review as a result of revised forecast pricing. A 9.0% reduction in average sales prices over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $374.0 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged.• Operating costs are based on approved budget costs for 2024 taking into account the current running costs of the Mine and estimated forecast inflation for 2024. From 2025 onwards  operating costs are escalated by 2% per annum as management expects inflation to normalise and average 2% over the life of mine period. Average forecast operating costs has decreased from the prior year-end review as a result of a reduction in the estimated future power costs and further optimisation of unit price for mining in Nataka. A 6.5% increase in operating costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $374.0 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged.Whilst the Group has set ambitions to be net zero by 2040  the full financial impact of the transition plan is still being assessed as the Group considers how it will work towards meeting this target. The mine financial model includes the cost of using bio-diesel in its forecast operating costs. The cost of studies on plant electrification and other sustainable methods of operating are also included in forecast operating and capital cost. No savings associated with the Company’s ambition to become net zero have been factored into the forecast.• Capital costs are based on a life of mine capital plan including inflation at 2% per annum from 2025. Average forecast capital costs have increased and their scheduling has changed from the prior year-end review based on updated sustaining and development capital plans required to maintain the existing plant over the life of mine. A 47% increase in capital costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $374.0 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged.9. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilitiesPlant and Equipment$’000 Land and Buildings$’000 Total$’000Cost At 1 January 2023 3 319 2 590 5 909 Additions - - - Disposals (3 319) - (3 319) At 31 December 2023 - 2 590 2 590 Accumulated Depreciation At 1 January 2023 3 319 982 4 301 Depreciation expense - 240 240 Disposals (3 319) - (3 319) At 31 December 2023 - 1 222 1 222 Carrying amount At 31 December 2023 - 1 368 1 368 At 31 December 2022 - 1 608 1 608On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $3.3 million in relation to electricity generators at the Mine. The lease for the electricity generators was renewed in November 2017 for a five-year period and rental payments were fixed for the five years. The lease agreement expired in November 2022 and following negotiations the Group completed the acquisition process of the electricity generators in February 2023.On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $1.7 million in respect of the rental of its Irish head office. The lease has a term of 10 years commencing August 2017 and rental payments are fixed to the end of the lease term. This lease obligation is denominated in Euros.In February 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $0.4 million in respect of its Mozambican country office in Maputo. The lease has a seven-year term commencing February 2019 and rental payments are fixed for seven years. This lease obligation is denominated in US Dollars. The Branch has discounted lease payments using its incremental borrowing rates. The weighted average rate applied is 7%.In December 2022  the Maputo Office lease was modified and remeasured. The lease term was extended to 10 years commencing 1 December 2022. In addition  additional floor space of 250 square meters was leased as an addendum to the existing lease. The Group has determined that the lease modification should not be accounted for as a separate lease because the lease payments for the new office space are not considered commensurate with market rentals for office space of that size and characteristic. The incremental borrowing rate applied to the remeasured lease is 10.2%.At each reporting date  the Company assesses whether there is any indication that right-of-use assets may be impaired. No impairment indicators were identified as at 31 December 2023 or 31 December 2022.The Group has recognised a rental expense of $12.4 million (2022: $3.9 million) in relation to short term leases of machinery and vehicles which have not been recognised as a right-of-use asset.Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities at each reporting date:Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Current 264 245 Non-current 1 256 1 540 Total 1 520 1 785The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases:Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Depreciation expense 240 1 010 Interest expense on lease liabilities 112 147 Total 352 1 157Reconciliation of movements of lease liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Lease liabilities Balance at 1 January 1 785 2 178Cash movements Lease interest paid (112) (147) Principal paid (265) (1 142)Non-cash movements Lease modification - 749 Lease interest accrued 112 147 Balance at 31 December 1 520 1 78510. InventoriesUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Mineral products 58 405 43 655 Consumable spares 40 852 40 516 99 257 84 171At 31 December 2023  total final product stock was 259 100 tonnes (2022: 213 500 tonnes). Closing stock of heavy mineral concentrate was 16 700 tonnes (2022: 18 800 tonnes).Net realisable value is determined with reference to forecast prices of finished products expected to be achieved. There is no guarantee that these prices will be achieved in the future  particularly in weak product markets. During the financial year  there was a write-down of $nil (2022: nil) to mineral products charged to cost of sales to value mineral products at net realisable value.11. Trade and other receivablesUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Trade receivables 127 442 104 970 VAT receivable 6 377 4 527 Prepayments 19 831 14 521 153 650 124 018Further details on trade receivables can be found in Note 18.12. Cash and cash equivalentsUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Bank balances 71 048 108 271Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances held for the purposes of meeting short-term cash commitments and investments which are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Where investments are categorised as cash equivalents  the related balances have a maturity of three months or less from the date of investment.13. Called-up share capitalUnaudited2023€’000 2022€’000 Authorised share capital 181 000 000 ordinary shares of €0.001 each 181 181 181 181Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Allotted  called-up and fully paid Opening balance 94 829 551 (2022: 94 921 970) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 104 Acquired and cancelled5 601 390 (2022: 92 419) ordinary shares of €0.001 each (7) -Closing balance 89 228 161 (2022: 94 829 551) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 97 104 Total called-up share capital 97 104No ordinary shares were issued during the year (2022: $nil).On 11 September 2023  a total of 5 601 390 shares were purchased under the Tender Offer  representing 5.9% of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital. The shares were purchased at the Tender Price of £4.22 per share and  at this price  the total value of all shares purchased was £23.6 million (circa $30 million). Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to US$0.6 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings.On 3 October 2022  under the authority granted at the Company’s Annual General Meeting held on 26 May 2022  and in accordance with Section 1075 of the Companies Act 2014 and article 147 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed an odd lot offer which involved the acquisition of 92 419 ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 0.1% of the then called-up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $0.5 million. The odd lot offer buy back was funded from distributable reserves and all ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $0.1 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings.14. Bank loansUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Borrowings 47 873 78 578 The borrowings are repayable as follows: Less than one year 33 087 33 653 Between two and five years 15 712 47 142 48 799 80 795 Transaction costs (926) (2 217) Total carrying amount 47 873 78 578BorrowingsOn 11 December 2019  the Group entered into debt facilities with Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”).The debt facilities comprise a $110 million Term Loan Facility and a $40 million Revolving Credit Facility that share common terms and a common security package. The finance documentation also accommodates for a Mine Closure Guarantee Facility (provided by either the existing lenders or other finance providers) of up to $40 million  with the provider(s) of such a facility sharing in the common security package. The potential total aggregate principal amount of indebtedness secured under the finance documentation is therefore $190 million. The transaction costs for arrangement of the debt facilities amounted to $6.5 million.The Term Loan Facility has a final maturity date of 11 March 2025. Interest is at SOFR plus 5.40% per annum. Repayment is in seven equal semi-annual instalments  beginning 11 March 2022.On 11 November 2023 the Revolving Credit Facility was extended by 12 months and has a final maturity date of 11 December 2024. Interest is at SOFR plus 4.25% per annum.The Group entered into a mine closure guarantee facility with Absa Bank Moçambique SA effective from 1 July 2023 for an amount of $26.6 million. This guarantee shares the security package with the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility on a pro rata and pari passu basis.The security package consists of (a) security over the Group’s bank accounts (subject to certain exceptions)  (b) pledges of the shares of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (the “Project Companies”)  (c) security over intercompany loans  and (d) Mozambican law security interests over certain rights and agreements with Mozambican authorities  including over the Implementation Agreement  the Mineral Licensing Contract and the Mining Licence.The carrying amount of the secured bank accounts of the Group was $70.9 million as at 31 December 2023 (2022: $102.9 million). The shares of the Project Companies and intercompany loans are not included in the consolidated statement of financial position as they are eliminated on consolidation. They  therefore  do not have a carrying amount but  upon enforcement of the pledges on behalf of the lender group  the shares in the Project Companies would cease to be owned or controlled by the Group. The secured rights and agreements do not have a carrying amount. They are  however  necessary for the Project Companies to operate the Mine in Mozambique.At 31 December 2023  total debt of $47.9 million (2022: $78.6 million) was recognised by the Group after $31.4 million of principal repayments were made against the term loan over the course of the year. Unamortised transaction costs of $0.9 million (2022: $2.2 million) plus interest amortised of $1.7 million (2022: $2.2 million) were recognised by the Group at 31 December 2023.Reconciliation of movements of debt to cash flows arising from financing activities Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Bank loans Balance at 1 January 78 578 148 099 Cash movements Loan interest paid (7 211) (6 921) Principal paid (31 429) (91 429) Loan drawn down - 20 000 Non-cash movements Loan interest accrued 7 935 8 829 Balance at 31 December 47 873 78 578CovenantsThe finance documents contain a number of representations  covenants and events of default on customary terms  the breach of which could lead to the secured parties under the finance documentation accelerating the outstanding loans and taking other enforcement steps  such as the enforcement of some or all of the security interests  which could lead to  in extremis  the Group losing its interest in the Mine. The most salient of the relevant terms that could lead to acceleration of the loans and/or enforcement of security are the financial covenants.All covenants have been complied with during the year. The key financial covenants are detailed below:As at31 December2023 As at31 December2022 Covenant Interest Coverage Ratio 65.35:1 34.96:1 Not less than 4.00:1 Net Debt to EBITDA (0.09):1 (0.09):1 Not greater than 2.00:1 Debt Service Coverage Ratio 4.88:1 3.11:1 Not less than 1.20:1 Liquidity $111 048 000 $148 271 000 Not less than $15 000 000 Reserve Tail Ratio 81% 81% Not less than 30%The definition of the covenants under the debt facilities are set out below:• Interest Coverage Ratio is defined as the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Cost.• Net Debt is defined as total financial indebtedness excluding leases less consolidated cash and cash equivalents.• The Debt Service Coverage Ratio is the ratio of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of a reporting period plus available facilities plus cash generated in the period to debt repayments in the period.• Liquidity is defined as consolidated cash and cash equivalents plus undrawn amounts of the Revolving Credit Facility.• Reserve Tail Ratio means the reserve tail ratio  expressed as a percentage of the termination date reserves (estimated remaining reserves in March 2025) divided by the initial reserves (estimated reserves in December 2019).15. ProvisionsUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Mine closure provision 17 540 16 623 Mine rehabilitation provision 5 462 4 121 Other provisions - - 23 002 20 744 Current 2 125 998 Non-current 20 877 19 746 23 002 20 744MineClosureProvision$’000 MineRehabilitationProvision$’000OtherProvisions Total$’000 At 1 January 2022 35 959 3 998 2 264 42 221 (Decrease)/increase in provision during the financial year (20 080) 4 131 948 (15 001) Provision utilised during the financial year - (4 008) (3 212) (7 220) Unwinding of the discount 744 - - 744 At 1 January 2023 16 623 4 121 - 20 744 Increase in provision during the financial year 241 1 720 - 1 961 Provision utilised during the financial year - (379) - (379) Unwinding of the discount 676 - - 676 At 31 December 2023 17 540 5 462 - 23 002The Mine closure provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Project Companies’ liability for close-down  dismantling and restoration of the mining and processing site. A corresponding amount equal to the provision is recognised as part of property  plant and equipment. The costs are estimated on the basis of a formal closure plan  are subject to regular review and are estimated based on the net present value of estimated future costs. Mine closure costs are a normal consequence of mining  and the majority of close-down and restoration expenditure is incurred at the end of the life of the Mine. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as a finance cost and $0.7 million (2022: $0.7 million) has been recognised in the statement of comprehensive income for the financial year.The main assumptions used in the calculation of the estimated future costs include:• a discount rate of 4.0% (2022: 4.0%);• an inflation rate of 2% (2022: 2%);• an estimated life of mine of 40 years (2022: 40 years). It is assumed that all licences and permits required to operate will be renewed or extended during the life of mine; and• an estimated closure cost of $36.8 million (2022: $34.1 million) and an estimated post-closure monitoring provision of $2.6 million (2022: $3.9 million).The life of mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi reserves and resources as set out in the reserve and resources table. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine closure provision has increased by $0.2 million as a result of a change in the estimated closure cost.The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the Mine closure provision. The Branch uses rates as provided by the US Treasury. 30-year US Treasury yields are the longest period for which yields are quoted. This discount rate is deemed to provide the best estimate of the current market assessment of the time value of money. Risks specific to the liability are included in the cost estimate. A 1% increase in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision decreasing by $2.5 million (2022: $5.6 million). A 1% decrease in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision increasing by $4.3 million (2022: $12.4 million).The Mine rehabilitation provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Company’s liability for rehabilitating areas disturbed by mining activities. Rehabilitation costs are recognised based on the area disturbed and estimated cost of rehabilitation per hectare  which is reviewed regularly against actual rehabilitation cost per hectare. Actual rehabilitation expenditure is incurred approximately 12 months after the area has been disturbed. During the financial year  there was a release of $0.4 million (2022: $4.0 million) to reflect the actual mine rehabilitation costs incurred  and an addition to the provision of $1.7 million (2022: $4.1 million) for areas newly disturbed.Other provisions comprise an amount of $nil (2022: $nil) in relation to a potential indirect tax liability. The matter was resolved in 2022 following a final settlement of $3.2 million agreed with the Mozambican Tax Authority.16. Trade and other payablesUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Trade payables 6 510 7 305 Deferred income 2 752 2 740 Accruals 29 302 25 248 38 564 35 293Included in accruals at the financial year end is an amount of $1.4 million (2022: $1.6 million) for payroll and social insurance taxes.Deferred income relates to sales contracts which contain separate performance obligations for the sale of mineral products and the provision of freight services. The portion of the revenue representing the obligation to perform the freight service is deferred and recognised over time as the obligation is fulfilled  along with the associated costs.17. Current tax liabilitiesUnaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Current tax liabilities 6 921 8 893Refer to Note 6 for further information on the Group’s tax expense.18. Financial instrumentsUnaudited2023 2022 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Financial assets at fair value through profit and lossTrade receivables 1 - - 31 188 31 188 Level 2 Financial assets at fair value through OCI Trade receivables 2 110 534 110 534 43 065 43 065 Level 2 Financial assets not measuredat fair value Trade receivables 3 16 908 16 908 30 717 30 717 Level 2 Cash and cash equivalents 71 048 71 048 108 271 108 271 Level 2 198 490 198 490 213 241 213 241 Financial liabilities not measuredat fair value Bank loans 47 873 48 799 78 578 80 795 Level 21 Relates to trade receivables which will be discounted through the Barclay’s Bank facility.2 Relates to trade receivables which may be factored through the ABSA facility or discounted through the Barclays’s Bank facility.3 Relates to trade receivables which will not be discounted or factored.The carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities including their levels in fair value hierarchy are detailed above. The table does not include fair value information for other receivables  prepayments  trade payables and accruals as these are not measured at fair value as the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.Trade receivables or letters of credit where it is not known at initial recognition if they will be factored are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). Trade receivables which will not be factored and for which balances will be recovered under the sale contract credit terms are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.In the case of factored receivables  the Group derecognises the discounted receivable to which the arrangement applies when payment is received from the bank as the terms of the arrangement are non-recourse. The payment to the bank by the Group’s customers are considered non-cash transactions for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cashflows.The valuation technique used in measuring Level 2 fair values is discounted cash flows  which considers the expected receipts or payments discounted using adjusted market discount rates or where these rates are not available estimated discount rates.The Group has exposure to credit risk  liquidity risk and market risk arising from financial instruments.Risk management frameworkThe Board is ultimately responsible for risk management within the Group. It has delegated responsibility for the monitoring of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems to the Audit and Risk Committee. The Board and Audit and Risk Committee receive reports from executive management on the key risks to the business and the steps being taken to mitigate such risks. The Audit and Risk Committee is assisted in its role by internal audit. Internal audit undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures  the results of which are reported to the Audit and Risk Committee.Credit riskCredit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations and arises principally from the Group’s trade receivables from customers. The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced by the individual circumstances of each customer. The Group also considers the factors that may influence the credit risk of its customer base  including the default risk associated with the industry and country in which customers operate.Before entering into sales contracts with new customers  the Group uses an external credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality. The credit quality of customers is reviewed regularly during the year and where appropriate credit limits or limits to the number of shipments which can be outstanding at any point are imposed.The Group’s customers have been transacting with the Group for a significant number of years  and no customers’ balances have been written off or are credit impaired at the financial year end. In monitoring customer credit risk  customers are reviewed individually and the Group has not identified any factors that would merit reducing exposure to any particular customer. The Group does not require collateral in respect of trade receivables.The gross exposure to credit risk for trade receivables by geographic region was as follows:Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 China 38 693 19 009 Asia (excluding China) 24 905 17 243 Europe 34 150 45 806 USA 29 597 22 776 Africa 97 136 Total 127 442 104 970At 31 December 2023  $63.8 million (2022: $35.4 million) is due from the Group’s three largest customers.A summary of the Group’s exposure to credit risk for trade receivables is as follows:Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 External credit ratings at least Baa3 (Moody’s) 65 266 31 188 Other 63 756 75 316 Total gross carrying amount 129 022 106 504 Loss allowance (1 580) (1 534) Total 127 442 104 970The following table provides ageing information relevant to the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables from individual customers. No balances were considered credit impaired at 31 December 2023 or 31 December 2022.Current$’000 More than30 dayspast due$’000 More than60 dayspast due$’000 More than90 dayspast due$’000 Total$’000 2023 127 383 - - 59 127 442 2022 104 962 - - 8 104 970Expected credit loss assessment of trade receivablesFor trade receivables measured at fair value through OCI and trade receivables measured at amortised cost  the Group allocates to each customer a credit risk grade based on data that is determined to be predictive of the risk of loss (including but not limited to external ratings  financial statements and available market information about customers) and applying experienced credit judgement.The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses as at 31 December 2023.Equivalent to Moody’s credit rating Weight average loss rate Gross carrying amount$’000 Impairment loss allowance$’000 Credit impaired Other 2.0% 63 756 1 580 NoThe following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses as at 31 December 2022.Equivalent to Moody’s credit rating Weight average loss rate Gross carrying amount$’000 Impairment loss allowance$’000 Credit impaired Other 2.0% 75 316 1 534 NoThe movement in expected credit losses in respect of trade receivables were measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income during the year was as follows:Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Balance at 1 January 1 534 424 Net remeasurement of loss allowance 46 1 110 Balance at 31 December 1 580 1 534The credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited because funds are deposited with banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies. For deposits in excess of $75 million the Group requires that the institution has an A- (S&P)/A3 (Moody’s) long-term rating. For deposits in excess of $50 million  the Group requires that the institution has a BB- (S&P)/Ba3 (Moody’s) long-term rating.At 31 December 2023 and 2022 cash was deposited with the following banks:2023 2022 Long-term credit rating Long-term credit rating $ million S&P Moody’s $ million S&P Moody’s Nedbank Ltd 25.8 BB- Ba2 - - - Barclays Bank plc 23.2 A/+ Stable A1/ Stable 81.4 A + A1/ Stable FirstRand Bank Limited 10.1 BB- Ba2 - BBB - Ba2/ Stable HSBC Bank plc - - - 1.0 AA / Stable A1/ Stable Absa Bank Mauritius Limited 4.9 - Ba 20.5 Ba2/ NegativeLiquidity riskLiquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled in cash payments. The Group’s objective when managing liquidity is to ensure that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due.The Group monitors Mine payment forecasts  both operating and capital  which assist it in monitoring cash flow requirements and optimising its cash return on investments. The Group aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents at an amount in excess of expected cash outflows on financial liabilities. The Group monitors the level of expected cash inflows on trade receivables together with expected cash outflows on trade and other payables.The Group has a trade finance facility with Absa Bank for three of the Group’s largest customers. In accordance with this facility  the bank purchases 80% of the receivable without recourse. The facility is for a maximum amount of $30.0 million with limits on the maximum amount that can be factored for each of the customers named in the facility. During the period  no trade receivables were factored under this agreement. At the year end  trade receivables amounting to $45.3 million (2022: $43.1 million) may be factored under this facility and are therefore included in trade receivables measured at fair value through OCI as at 31 December 2023. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $nil million (2022: $0.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows.The Group has a trade facility with Barclays Bank for customers which it sells to under letter of credit terms. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore assumes the credit risk. Barclays Bank can also discount these letters of credit thereby providing early payment of receivables to the Group. There is no limit under the Barclays Bank facility. During the period  trade receivables of $10.9 million (2022: $201.4 million) were discounted under this facility. At the year end  there were $65.2 million (2022: $31.2 million) of trade receivables which can be discounted under this facility. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $1.5 million (2022: $2.0 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows.The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2023 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments:Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Betweentwo and five years$’000 More thanfive years$’000 Bank loans 48 799 33 087 15 712 - Lease liabilities 2 019 390 1 173 456 Trade and other payables 38 564 38 564 - - 89 382 72 041 16 885 456The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2022 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments:Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Betweentwo and five years$’000 More thanfive years$’000 Bank loans 80 795 33 653 47 142 - Lease liabilities 2 409 390 1 447 572 Trade and other payables 35 293 35 293 - - 118 497 69 336 48 589 572As disclosed in Note 14  the Group has bank loans that contain loan covenants. A future breach of covenant may require the Group to repay the loan earlier than indicated in the above table. Under the loan agreement  the covenants are monitored on a regular basis by Group finance and regularly reported to management and the lenders to ensure compliance with the agreement.Furthermore  the group has authorised and committed expenditure on operations-related capital projects amounting to $93 7 million (2022: $11.5 million).Risk concentrationConcentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities  or activities in the same geographical region  or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic  political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group’s performance to developments affecting a particular industry.The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low  as its customers are located in several jurisdictions and industries and operate in largely independent markets. Details of concentration of revenue are included in Note 2.Market riskMarket risk is risk that changes in market prices  foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the Group’s income statement. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures while optimising returns.Currency riskThe Group is exposed to transactional foreign currency risk to the extent that there is a mismatch between the currencies in which sales  purchases  receivables and borrowings are denominated and the respective functional currencies of Group companies. The functional currency of all Group entities is US Dollars. The presentational currency of the Group is US Dollars. Sales and bank loans are denominated in US Dollars  which significantly reduces the exposure of the Group to foreign currency risk. Payable transactions are denominated in Mozambican Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi.During the year the Group entered into an agreement with Absa Bank Mauritius Ltd for the purchase and sale of US Dollars and South African Rand and the purchase of Mozambican Metical. The limit on the facility is $24 million and the maximum tenor is 3 months. The Group also entered into an agreement with Standard Bank Mauritius Ltd for the purchase of South African Rand. The limit on the facility is approximately $12.0 million and the maximum tenor is 3 months. There were no forward contracts in place at the period end.Exposure to currency riskThe Group’s gross exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2023 is as follows.Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 12 956 1 712 338 395 156 - Cash and cash equivalents 5 371 9 296 571 499 3 17 Bank loans - - - - - - Leases - - (1 255) - - - Trade and other payables (12 919) (1 741) (296) - - - Net exposure5 408 9 267 (642) 894 15917The Group’s exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2022 is as follows.Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 12 172 756 489 72 88 - Cash and cash equivalents 1 397 12 894 892 1 129 17 34 Bank loans - - - - - - Leases - - (1 255) - - - Trade and other payables (20 367) (2 178) (502) (10) - - Net exposure (6 798) 11 472 (376) 1 191 105 34Sensitivity analysisA reasonably possible strengthening or weakening of the Mozambique Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi by 10% against the US Dollar would have affected profit or loss by the amounts shown below. The analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.Profit or loss Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 AustralianDollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 31 December 2023 Strengthening 540 927 (64) 89 16 2 Weakening (540) (927) 64 (89) (16) (2) 31 December 2022 Strengthening (680) 1 147 (38) 119 11 3 Weakening 680 (1 147) 38 (119) (11) (3)Interest rate riskThe loan facilities are arranged at variable rates and expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Variable rates are based on six-month SOFR. The borrowing rate at financial year end was 11.3% (2022: 9.2%). The interest rate profile of the Group’s loan balances at the financial year end was as follows:Unaudited2023$’000 2022$’000 Variable rate debt 48 799 80 795 -Under the assumption that all other variables remain constant  a reasonable possible change of 1% in the six-month SOFR rate results in a $0.5 million (2022: $0.8 million) change in finance costs for the financial year.The above sensitivity analyses are estimates of the impact of market risks assuming the specified change occurs. Actual results in the future may differ materially from these results due to developments in the global financial markets  which may cause fluctuations in interest rates to vary from the assumptions made above and therefore should not be considered a projection of likely future events.Interest rate benchmark reformA fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally  including the replacement of some interbank offered rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as “IBOR reform”)  including LIBOR (the London Interbank Offered Rate).Pursuant to an Amendment and Restatement Agreement entered into on 9 March 2023 in respect of the Group’s debt facilities  the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of those facilities was amended with effect from 11 March 2023. As a result of the amendment  interest rates for interest periods commencing from 11 March 2023 onwards were no longer determined by reference to US LIBOR; instead they are determined on the basis of the applicable Term SOFR Rate. While US LIBOR represented an inter-bank lending rate  Term SOFR is a published screen rate derived from SOFR  being the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. As SOFR represents a risk-free rate  a credit adjustment spread is applied in addition  which spread varies according to the length of the relevant interest period.The Group has concluded that the new basis for determining cashflows is economically equivalent to the previous basis.19. Events after the statement of financial position dateNew Debt FacilityOn 4 March 2024  the Group entered into a $200 million Revolving Credit Facility (“RCF”) provided by Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”). The Mandated Lead Arranger in respect of the Facility was Rand Merchant Bank.The interest rate is 4.85% plus SOFR with a term of five years. The facility replaces the existing corporate debt facilities that were put in place in 2019. The facility envisages the debt sharing of security with mine closure guarantee facility of up to $50 million (an increase from the $40 million facility under the existing facilities).Proposed dividendOn 19 March 2024  the Board proposed a final dividend of USc38.54 per share. This proposed dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend.GLOSSARY – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURESCertain financial measures set out in the Annual Report to 31 December 2023 are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  but represent additional measures used by the Board to assess performance and for reporting both internally and to shareholders and other external users. Presentation of these Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) provides useful supplemental information which  when viewed in conjunction with the Group’s IFRS financial information  allows for a more meaningful understanding of the underlying financial and operating performance of the Group.These non-IFRS measures should not be considered as an alternative to financial measures as defined under IFRS. Descriptions of the APMs included in this report  as well as their relevance for the Group  are disclosed below.APM Description Relevance EBITDA Operating profit/loss before depreciation and amortisation Eliminates the effects of financing  tax and depreciation to allow assessment of the earnings and performance of the Group EBITDA margin Percentage of EBITDA to Mineral Product Revenue Provides a group margin for the earnings and performance of the Group Capital costs Additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Provides the amount spent by the Company on additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product produced Total costs less freight and other non-cash costs  including depreciation and inventory movements divided by final product production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of product produced over time Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite net of co-products Cash operating costs less revenue of zircon  rutile and mineral sands concentrates  divided by ilmenite production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of ilmenite produced over time Net cash/debt Bank loans before transaction costs  loan amendment fees and expenses plus lease liabilities net of cash and cash equivalents Measures the amount the Group would have to raise through refinancing  asset sale or equity issue if its debt were to fall due immediately  and aids in developing an understanding of the leveraging of the Group ROCE Return on capital employed ROCE measures how efficiently the Group generates profits from investment in its portfolio of assets. Shareholder returns Dividends and share buy backs Shareholder returns comprise the interim dividend  the proposed final dividend to be approved by shareholders at the AGM and any share buy backsEBITDA2019$m 2020$m 2021$m 2022$m 2023$m Operating profit 57.3 33.4 151.1 233.4 155.1 Depreciation 33.4 42.3 63.1 64.6 65.2 EBITDA 90.7 75.7 214.2 298.0 220.3EBITDA margin2019$m 2020$m 2021$m 2022$’m 2023$’m EBITDA 90.7 75.7 214.2 298.0 220.3 Mineral Product Revenue 255.5 231.5 420.5 498.4 437.1 EBITDA margin (%) 35% 33% 51% 60% 50%Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product2019$m 2020$m 2021$m 2022$m 2023$m Cost of sales 195.7 192.3 295.0 282.7 294.9 Administrative expenses 17.9 18.1 9.8 9.9 8.4 Total operating costs 213.6 210.4 304.8 292.6 303.3 Freight (15.4) (12.2) (35.4) (27.6) (21.4) Total operating costs less freight 198.2 198.2 267.5 265.0 281.9 Non-cash costs Depreciation and amortisation (33.4) (42.3) (63.1) (64.6) (65.2) Expected credit losses - - (0.2) (1.1) - Share-based payments (1.8) (0.5) (1.1) (2.2) (3.3) Mineral product inventory movements (4.5) 4.9 (9.3) 21.6 14.7 Total cash operating costs 158.5 160.3 195.7 218.7 228.1 Final product production tonnes 988 300 840 500 1 228 500 1 200 800 1 091 500 Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product $160 $191 $159 $182 $209Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite2019$m 2020$m 2021$m 2022$’m 2023$’m Total cash operating costs 158.5 160.3 195.7 218.7 228.1 Less revenue from co-products zircon rutile and mineral sands concentrate (84.5) (63.2) (85.8) (150.9) (122.0) Total cash costs less co-product revenue 74.0 97.1 109.9 67.8 106.1 Ilmenite product production tonnes 892 900 756 000 1 119 400 1 088 300 986 300 Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite $83 $128 $98 $62 $108Net cash/debt2019$’m 2020$’m 2021$’m 2022$’m 2023$’m Bank debt (60.9) (145.8) (148.1) (78.6) (47.9) Transaction costs (6.6) (5.4) (3.8) (2.2) (0.9) Gross debt (67.5) (151.2) (151.9) (80.8) (48.8) Lease liabilities (4.5) (3.4) (2.2) (1.8) (1.5) Cash and cash equivalents 81.2 87.2 69.1 108.3 71.0 Net cash/(debt) 9.2 (67.4) (85.0) 25.7 20.7Return on Capital EmployedRestated$m Restated$m Restated$m 2022$’m 2023$’m Operating profit 57.3 33.4 151.1 233.4 155.1 Total Equity and Non-Current Liabilities 984.0 1 087.5 1 045.4 1 170.4 1 180.9 ROCE 6% 3% 15% 20% 13%GLOSSARY – TERMS",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.22,0.28,0.51,True,English,"['2023 Preliminary Results', 'higher total cash operating costs', 'heavy mobile equipment rental', '$200 million Revolving Credit Facility', 'Irish Dividend Withholding Tax', 'Managing Director Michael Carvill', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'higher fuel costs', 'three million hours', 'Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'leading global producers', 'Mineral product revenue', '10% lower average price', 'severe lightning strike', 'new debt facilities', 'Strong safety performance', 'lower ore grades', 'poor weather conditions', 'weaker product market', 'weaker product pricing', 'Lost Time Injury', 'sound financial performance', 'full year dividend', 'Currency election date', 'annual production guidance', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'strong EBITDA margin', 'investor conference call', 'Ilmenite production guidance', 'Net cash', 'cash equivalents', 'weaker markets', 'titanium pigment', '2023 overview Financial', 'financial flexibility', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'Dividend timetable', '50% EBITDA margin', 'Conference ID', 'PRELIMINARY RESULTS', 'northern Mozambique', 'twelve months', 'The Board', 'past 38 years', 'Diluted earnings', 'Post-period end', 'capital programmes', 'executive role', 'Board position', 'Nomination Committee', 'late February', 'mining rates', 'power interruptions', 'material uplift', 'Ex-dividend date', 'Record date', 'AGM date', 'Payment date', 'institutional investors', '09:00 UK time', 'Participant dial', 'pin code', 'shareholder returns', 'shareholder approval', 'LSE:KMR', 'operational challenges', 'finished products', 'exemption form', 'Share buy-back', 'share capital', 'Q1 2024 production', '2023 dividend', 'Q1 2023', 'Company', 'Group', '20 March', 'ISE', 'zircon', '31 December', 'Statement', 'history', 'backdrop', 'track', 'demand', 'MD', 'value', 'stakeholders', '3% increase', 'USc17', 'October', 'May', '12% decrease', '3% reduction', 'shipments', 'tonne', '15% increase', '9% decrease', '26% decrease', 'Profit', '35% decrease', 'year-end', 'September', 'corporate', '15 March', 'process', 'successor', 'Q4', 'milestone', 'LTI', 'line', '9% reduction', 'HMC', '3% decrease', 'Q2', 'dates', 'April', '12:00 noon', 'dividends', 'Registrar', 'Analyst', 'webcast', 'lenders', 'media', 'numbers', 'Ireland', '2022', '950,000']",2024-03-20,2024-03-21,marketscreener.com
37921,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/onward-medical-publishes-prospectus-for-listing-of-new-shares-1033186146,ONWARD® Medical Publishes Prospectus for Listing of New Shares,NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN,"NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THE PRESS RELEASE.THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE (7)(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014)EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 21  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD) (the “Company” or “ONWARD Medical”)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disorders  announces today that it has published a prospectus for the admission to listing of 4 444 444 ordinary shares in the Company’s share capital  with a nominal value of EUR 0.12 each  issued through a private placement with institutional investors  certain founders and certain members of management  and certain members of the Board of Directors (the “Private Placement”) and in a separate public offering via the PrimaryBid platform with retail investors in France (the “Public Offer”)  for which pricing and allocation have occurred prior to trading on March 21  2024 (the “Offerings”). In connection with the listing of the shares placed in the Offerings  a listing prospectus was published today. The prospectus was approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) on March 21  2024 and can be downloaded via ir.onwd.com/shareholder-information .This press release does not constitute  contain  or form part of an offering of securities in any jurisdiction.About ONWARD® MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy™ platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX® or implantable ARC-IM® platforms  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company’s pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing regulatory approval submissions for ARC-EX for the US and Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation  a component of hemodynamic instability  following SCI. Other ongoing studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI) to address multiple symptoms of SCI.Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD Medical has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL)  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).ONWARD Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Company Enquiries:info@onwd.comFor Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communications media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Khaled Bahi  Interim CFO investors@onwd.comAdditional important informationThese materials may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. These materials do not contain  constitute or form part of an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities (the “Securities”) of ONWARD Medical N.V. (the “Company”)  in the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The Securities of the Company may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). There will be no public offering of the Securities in the United States. The Securities of the Company have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act. The Securities referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia  Canada or Japan or to  or for the account or benefit of  any national  resident or citizen of Australia  Canada or Japan subject to certain exceptions. No public offering of the securities will be made in the United States.This document (and the information contained within) is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 in each member state (“Member State”) of the European Economic Area (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Company has not authorised any offer to the public of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area other than within the Republic of France. With respect to each Member State (each a “Relevant State”)  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of securities requiring publication of a prospectus in any Relevant State. As a result  the Private Placement Shares may and will only be offered in Relevant States (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or (ii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. The Public Offered Shares may and will only be offered in the Republic of France pursuant to Article 3(2) lit. b of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purpose of this paragraph  the expression ""offer of securities to the public"" means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable the investor to decide to exercise  purchase or subscribe for the Securities. Further for the purpose of this paragraph  “Private Placement Shares” means the Securities that form part of the Private Placement in the European Economic Area (other than France) and “Public Offered Shares” means the Securities that form part of the Public Offer.This document (and the information contained within) is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as it forms part of U.K. domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “U.K. Prospectus Regulation”). No action has been undertaken or will be undertaken that constitutes an offer of the securities referred to herein to the public in the United Kingdom or requires the publication of a prospectus in the United Kingdom. The securities referred to herein may not and will not be offered in the United Kingdom  except to relevant persons in accordance with the exemptions set forth in the U.K. Prospectus Regulation.In the United Kingdom  this document is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons who are “qualified investors” within the meaning the U.K. Prospectus Regulation  and who are also (i) investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  or (ii) high net worth companies  unincorporated associations and other bodies to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated in accordance with Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  or (iii) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.This communication is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This communication cannot be used as basis for any investment agreement or decision. Acquiring investments to which this announcement relates may expose an investor to a significant risk of losing the entire amount invested. Persons considering making such investments should consult an authorised person specialising in advising on such investments. This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning the securities referred to herein.No announcement or information regarding the offering  listing or securities of the Company referred to above may be disseminated to the public in jurisdictions where a prior registration or approval is required for such purpose. No steps have been taken  or will be taken  for the offering or listing of securities of the Company in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required  except for the admission of the offered shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam. The issue  exercise  or sale of  and the subscription for or purchase of  securities of the Company are subject to special legal or statutory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. The Company is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.Information to DistributorsSolely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within: (a) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments  as amended from time to time (“MiFID II”); (b) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II; and (c) local implementing measures (together  the “MiFID II Product Governance Requirements”)  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  which any ‘manufacturer’ (for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto  the offered shares have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that the offered shares are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels as are permitted by MiFID II (the “Target Market Assessment”). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  distributors should note that: the price of the offered shares may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the offered shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the offered shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Private Placement. Furthermore  it is noted that  notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  the placement agents in the Private Placement will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties.For the avoidance of doubt  the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  or purchase  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the offered shares.Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the offered shares and determining appropriate distribution channels.Bryan  Garnier & Co  KBC Securities and Degroof Petercam are acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Private Placement. In connection with such matters  they  their affiliates and their respective directors  officers  employees and agents will not regard any other person as their client  nor will they be responsible to any other person for providing the protections afforded to their clients or for providing advice in relation to the Private Placement or any other matters referred to in this announcement.",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.35,0.38,True,English,"['ONWARD® Medical', 'New Shares', 'Prospectus', 'Listing', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'ten Breakthrough Device Designations', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'spinal cord injury', 'European Economic Area', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'upper extremity strength', 'regulatory approval submissions', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'Interim CFO investors', 'ARC Therapy™ platform', 'ONWARD® ARC Therapy', 'blood pressure regulation', 'implantable ARC-IM® platforms', 'implantable ARC-IM platform', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'separate public offering', 'Other ongoing studies', 'Additional important information', 'medical technology company', 'ONWARD® Medical', 'Positive results', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'institutional investors', 'retail investors', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'UNITED STATES', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'share capital', 'nominal value', 'private placement', 'Financial Markets', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'Drug Administration', 'pivotal study', 'hemodynamic instability', 'combination use', 'brain-computer interface', 'multiple symptoms', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'Media Enquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'VP Communications', 'Investor Enquiries', 'Khaled Bahi', 'member state', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'US Food', 'US office', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'movement disorders', '4,444,444 ordinary shares', 'movement disabilities', 'external ARC-EX®', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Company Enquiries', 'Netherlands Authority', 'The Securities', 'ONWD.com', 'The Company', 'listing prospectus', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'END', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'EINDHOVEN', 'function', 'people', 'admission', 'founders', 'members', 'management', 'Board', 'Directors', 'France', 'pricing', 'allocation', 'March', 'Offerings', 'connection', 'AFM', 'shareholder-information', 'parallel', 'component', 'BCI', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'Amsterdam', 'ticker', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'materials', 'sale', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'exemption', 'account', 'benefit', 'resident', 'citizen', 'exceptions', 'document', 'advertisement']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,markets.businessinsider.com
37922,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.cryptotimes.io/2024/03/21/euronext-will-not-begin-crypto-trading-without-regulatory-support/,Euronext Will Not Begin Crypto Trading without Regulatory Support,Euronext CEO Boujnah states no immediate plans for crypto trading  aligning with European competitors amidst Bitcoin's surge.,European stock market operator Euronext does not intend to enter the cryptoasset trading space without the support of its authorities  Chief Executive Stephane Boujnah stated on Tuesday.As Bitcoin rebounded from a crash to reach record highs of nearly $74 000 last week  exchanges that were previously hesitant are now entering the crypto realm. Bitcoin has gained over 50% this year  with significant inflows into U.S.-listed Bitcoin funds.This month  the London Stock Exchange Group announced that it will be accepting applications for cryptocurrency exchange-traded notes (ETNs)  which are debt instruments that expose professional investors to crypto assets but exclude retail investors.Frankfurt-based Deutsche Boerse also announced this month that it has opened up a regulated cryptocurrency trading platform to institutional investors.While Euronext’s stance on cryptocurrencies remains uncertain  particularly given its primary trading operations in Italy  France  and the Netherlands  Boujnah emphasized that he has no immediate plans to align with European competitors in this regard.He said  “We always considered this is an issue we cannot engage without absolute backing from supervisors.”He added  “We’ve always been very cautious about cryptoassets … a little for conceptual reasons and a lot because our regulators themselves are extremely so.” Boujnah went on to say that while the regulator in France was being extremely circumspect  those in Rome and Amsterdam were obviously against it.“Our regulators don’t have the same sense of humour ” he said.The CEO of Euronext was speaking about the actual business of trading crypto assets  not crypto underlying when he made his remarks.,negative,0.03,0.24,0.73,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,True,English,"['Crypto Trading', 'Regulatory Support', 'Euronext', 'U.S.-listed Bitcoin funds', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'European stock market operator', 'regulated cryptocurrency trading platform', 'Chief Executive Stephane Boujnah', 'cryptocurrency exchange-traded notes', 'Frankfurt-based Deutsche Boerse', 'cryptoasset trading space', 'primary trading operations', 'European competitors', 'record highs', 'crypto realm', 'significant inflows', 'debt instruments', 'professional investors', 'crypto assets', 'retail investors', 'institutional investors', 'immediate plans', 'absolute backing', 'conceptual reasons', 'same sense', 'actual business', 'Euronext', 'support', 'authorities', 'Tuesday', 'crash', 'exchanges', 'applications', 'ETNs', 'stance', 'cryptocurrencies', 'Italy', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'regard', 'issue', 'supervisors', 'cryptoassets', 'regulators', 'Rome', 'Amsterdam', 'humour', 'CEO', 'remarks']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,cryptotimes.io
37923,EuroNext,Bing API,https://news.europawire.eu/abl-group-asa-launches-share-repurchase-plan-to-meet-financial-commitments/eu-press-release/2024/03/21/15/17/57/132790/,ABL Group ASA Launches Share Repurchase Plan to Meet Financial Commitments,ABL Group ASA (ticker: ABL) has announced the commencement of a share buyback program  aiming to repurchase up to 250 000 of its own shares  repr,(IN BRIEF) ABL Group ASA (ticker: ABL) has announced the commencement of a share buyback program  aiming to repurchase up to 250 000 of its own shares  representing approximately 0.2% of the outstanding share capital. The program  authorized by the Board of Directors at the Annual General Meeting in May 2023  allows for acquisitions up to a total maximum amount of NOK 5 000 000. The buyback  scheduled from March 20  2024  until the completion of the maximum share repurchase  serves to meet near-term contractual obligations from past M&A transactions and fulfill requirements related to employee share programs. Managed independently by Arctic Securities AS  the initiative will adhere to regulatory guidelines outlined by the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Euronext Oslo Børs’ Guidelines for buyback programs. Shares acquired will be held in treasury until utilized for the stipulated purposes  underpinning the company’s strategic financial management approach.(PRESS RELEASE) LONDON  21-Mar-2024 — /EuropaWire/ — ABL Group ASA (or the “Company”  ticker: “ABL”) has decided to initiate a share buyback program of up to 250 000 of its own shares  representing approximately 0.2% of the outstanding share capital in the Company.The buyback program will be conducted in accordance with the authorization granted to the Board of Directors at the Annual General Meeting on 31 May 2023.Under the share buyback program  shares may be acquired for a total maximum amount of NOK 5 000 000 and for a maximum of 250 000 shares.The number of shares acquired per day shall not exceed 25% of the average daily trading volume in the 20 trading days preceding the relevant purchase date.The repurchase will be conducted in the period from 20 March 2024 until the date the maximum number of shares have been repurchased. If the repurchase is not completed before the 2024 Annual General Meeting (expected on or about 29 May 2024)  the repurchase shall be temporarily paused and may later continue  subject to the Board’s renewed approval  in accordance with a new authorization to repurchase shares expected to be granted to the Board of Directors by the 2024 Annual General Meeting. This means that repurchase of shares may be continued after the date of the 2024 Annual General Meeting  until the earlier of the date the maximum number of shares have been acquired and 30 June 2024.The purpose of the share buyback program is to meet near term contractual obligations on past M&A transactions and to fulfil obligations in connection with employee share programs. Any shares purchased will be held in treasury until used for the above purposes.The buyback program will be managed by Arctic Securities AS  which will make its trading decisions in relation to the acquisition of shares independently of  and uninfluenced by  the Company.The transactions will be conducted in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 and Euronext Oslo Børs’ Guidelines for buyback programs and stabilization dated February 2021.Media Contact:Tel: +44 (0) 20 7264 3250SOURCE: ABL Group,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['ABL Group ASA', 'Share Repurchase Plan', 'Financial Commitments', 'Euronext Oslo Børs’ Guidelines', 'strategic financial management approach', 'past M&A transactions', 'average daily trading volume', 'near term contractual obligations', 'near-term contractual obligations', 'outstanding share capital', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Arctic Securities AS', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'employee share programs', 'total maximum amount', 'share buyback program', 'ABL Group ASA', 'relevant purchase date', 'maximum share repurchase', 'regulatory guidelines', 'buyback programs', '20 trading days', 'trading decisions', 'IN BRIEF', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'maximum number', 'Media Contact', 'new authorization', 'ticker', 'commencement', 'shares', 'Board', 'Directors', 'May', 'acquisitions', 'NOK', 'March', 'completion', 'requirements', 'initiative', 'treasury', 'purposes', 'company', 'LONDON', 'accordance', 'period', 'approval', '30 June', 'connection', 'above', 'relation', 'stabilization', 'February', 'Tel', 'SOURCE', '44']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,news.europawire.eu
37924,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.beautypackaging.com/contents/view_breaking-news/2024-03-21/coty-wins-this-years-euronext-best-listing-award-in-large-cap-category/,Coty Wins this Year’s Euronext Best Listing Award in Large Cap Category,"Cookies help us to provide you with an excellent service. By using our website  you declare yourself in agreement with our use of cookies. You can obtain detailed information about the use of cookies on our website by clicking on ""More information”. Got It","Cookies help us to provide you with an excellent service. By using our website  you declare yourself in agreement with our use of cookies. You can obtain detailed information about the use of cookies on our website by clicking on ""More information”. Got It",positive,0.57,0.42,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Best Listing Award', 'Large Cap Category', 'Coty', 'excellent service', 'detailed information', 'More information', 'Cookies', 'website', 'agreement', 'use']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,beautypackaging.com
37925,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-successfully-raises-eur-060000131.html,SEQUANA MEDICAL SUCCESSFULLY RAISES EUR 11.5 MILLION IN AN EQUITY PLACEMENT,THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION – INSIDE INFORMATION21 March 2024 ,"Sequana Medical NVTHIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWPRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION – INSIDE INFORMATION21 March 2024  07:00 am CETGhent  Belgium  21 March 2024 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  announces today that it successfully raised an amount of EUR 11.5 million in gross proceeds by means of a private placement of new shares via an accelerated bookbuild offering of 7 666 667 new shares (being approximately 27.15% of the Company's current outstanding shares) at an issue price of EUR 1.50 per new share (the ""Offering"").ADVERTISEMENTIan Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: ""We are grateful for the continued support of our existing investors  as well as that of new investors in the successful completion of this offering. This is an exciting time for Sequana Medical as the US FDA's review of our alfapump® PMA filing progresses and we continue our preparations for US commercial launch. Based upon our work with market experts and feedback from the US hepatology community  we estimate the US recurrent and refractory liver ascites market at USD 2 billion  and growing at 9% annually driven by NASH / MASH. The tremendous potential of our DSR® program as a breakthrough in the treatment of cardiorenal syndrome was highlighted by Dr. Testani in his presentation at the leading international heart failure conference  THT  and the results from the first three patients in our US MOJAVE study further support this. We look forward to continuing our track record of meeting our corporate milestones and driving Sequana Medical forward.""Sequana Medical currently envisages using the net proceeds from the Offering for the following:Story continues1) alfapump:(i) Targeting US FDA approval by the end of Q3 2024 - handling questions from the US FDA during the PMA (Pre-Market Approval) review process  preparation for potential US FDA advisory panel meeting and design transfer to enable manufacturing of the alfapump for the US. Total internal and external costs up to Q3 2024 are estimated at ca. EUR 7.1 million.(ii) Finalizing the North American pivotal study in recurrent and refractory liver ascites (POSEIDON) towards secondary endpoint readout planned for Q2 2024. Total internal and external costs up to Q3 2024 are estimated at ca. EUR 1.1 million.(iii) Preparing for commercial launch of the alfapump in the US in 2025  including inventory build-up. Total internal and external costs up to Q3 2024 are estimated at ca. EUR 2.1 million.2) DSR:(i) CMC activities for DSR 2.0 including a Quality Management System and preparations to start the randomized phase of the US MOJAVE study post- alfapump PMA approval. Total internal and external costs up to Q3 2024 are estimated at ca. EUR 1.0 million.3) Other:(i) General corporate and working capital purposes.The net proceeds from the Offering are expected to extend the current cash runway of the Company to the end of Q3 2024.The payment and delivery of the new shares are expected to take place on 25 March 2024.KBC Securities NV (the ""Underwriter"") is acting as Sole Global Coordinator in the Offering.As announced earlier  Partners in Equity V B.V. (""Partners in Equity"")  Rosetta Capital VII  LP (""Rosetta Capital"")  LSP HEF Sequana Holding B.V. (""EQT"")  Marc Nolet's family through its investment company (""Nolet"")  as well as certain other investors (together  the ""Pre-Committing Investors"")  pre-committed to submit subscription orders for new shares in the Offering for an aggregate amount of approximately EUR 8.5 million.2 000 789 of the new shares (representing ca. 7.08% of the currently outstanding shares of the Company already admitted to listing and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels) will upon their issuance be immediately admitted to listing and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The Pre-Committing Investors will receive new shares that shall not be immediately admitted to listing and trading upon their issuance. The Company has undertaken to apply to the regulated market of Euronext Brussels for the admission to trading and listing of those unlisted new shares  as soon as practicable after their issuance  which will be subject to the preparation of a listing prospectus.As announced earlier  EQT was willing to enter into a share swap agreement in order to allow the Underwriter to deliver a sufficient number of listed shares to investors in the Offering in excess of the number of new shares that otherwise could be admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels without listing prospectus. Based on the final results of the Offering  there is no need to enter into the aforementioned share swap agreement.The new shares to be issued will have the same rights and benefits as  and rank pari passu in all respects  including as to entitlement to dividends and other distributions  with  the existing and outstanding shares of Sequana Medical at the moment of their issuance  and will be entitled to dividends and other distributions in respect of which the relevant record date or due date falls on or after the date of issue of the new shares.As a result of the issuance of new shares  the Company's share capital will increase from EUR 2 926 295.90 to EUR 3 720 562.60 and its issued and outstanding shares will increase from 28 242 753 to 35 909 420 shares.In relation to the Offering  the Company has agreed with the Underwriter to a 180-days standstill period on future share issuances waivable by the Underwriter and subject to (i) an exception for the issuance of a number of shares  subscription rights or other securities exercisable  convertible or exchangeable for shares pursuant to alternative or additional funding obtained by the Company provided that the gross proceeds from the issuance of such alternative funding securities do not exceed an amount equal to the higher of (x) the final gross proceeds of the Offering  and (y) EUR 14 million  and (ii) other customary exceptions. The members of the executive management have agreed with the Underwriter to a market customary 180-days lock-up period waivable by the Underwriter and subject to customary exceptions. Furthermore  subject to completion of the Offering  Partners in Equity  Rosetta Capital and EQT have indicated their willingness to enter into a market customary 90-days lock-up period  waivable by the Underwriter and subject to customary exceptions.Mandatory Convertible Loan ConversionAs announced in February 2024  the Company entered into an unsecured and subordinated convertible loan agreement with Partners in Equity and Rosetta Capital for an aggregate principal amount of EUR 3.0 million. The terms of said loan agreement provide that the aggregate principal amounts and interests under such loan agreement shall be mandatorily converted into new shares (through a contribution in kind of payables) in the event of an equity financing transaction by the Company for at least EUR 7.0 million (in gross proceeds) at a conversion price per share equal to the issue price in said equity financing transaction  minus a discount of 45%. As the Company raised an amount of more than EUR 7.0 million (in gross proceeds) via the Offering  the relevant loans will have to be mandatorily converted into new shares at the aforementioned conversion price. Such conversion will be completed after the completion of the Offering.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 05 35 79About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. This causes major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility. Although diuretics are standard of care  they become ineffective  untolerable or exacerbate the problem in many patients. There are limited effective treatment options  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing ""diuretic-resistant"" patient population. alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems.The Company's Premarket Approval (PMA) application for the alfapump was submitted to the US FDA in December 2023 and accepted for substantive review in January 2024  having reported positive primary and secondary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON study in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis. US market approval of the alfapump is anticipated by the end of Q3 2024.Results of the Company's RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies in heart failure support DSR's mechanism of action as breaking the vicious cycle of cardiorenal syndrome. All three patients from the non-randomized cohort of MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical study  have been successfully treated with DSR  confirming the strong clinical outcomes seen in the RED DESERT and SAHARA studies. The independent Data Safety Monitoring Board approved the start of the randomized MOJAVE cohort of up to a further 30 patients  which is planned after alfapump US PMA approval.Sequana Medical is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to liver cirrhosis. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Important information:The information contained in this announcement is for general information only and does not purport to be full or complete. This announcement does not constitute  or form part of  an offer to sell or issue  or any solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities  and any purchase of  subscription for or application for  securities. This announcement and the information contained herein are not for publication  distribution or release in  or into  directly or indirectly  the United States of America  Australia  Canada  Japan  South Africa or any other jurisdiction where to do so would be prohibited by applicable law or require registration thereof in  such jurisdiction. Any persons reading this announcement should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions.This announcement is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States. It does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended from time to time (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  and the securities may not be offered or sold in the United States (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act) unless these securities are registered under the U.S. Securities Act  or an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available. The Company and its affiliates have not registered  and do not intend to register  any portion of the offering or placement of the securities concerned in the United States  and do not intend to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States.Any offer or placement of securities to which this announcement relates is only addressed to and directed at persons in the United Kingdom and member states of the European Economic Area (the ""EEA"") (each a ""Member State"") who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market  and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC  as amended from time to time (to the extent implemented in the relevant Member State of the EEA) and any implementing measure in each relevant Member State of the EEA or  for the United Kingdom  as it forms part of retained EU law as defined in the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") (""Qualified Investors"")  or such other investors as shall not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of Article 3.1 of the Prospectus Regulation. Each person in the United Kingdom or a Member State who initially acquires any of the Company's securities or to whom any offer or placement of the Company's securities may be made and  to the extent applicable  any funds on behalf of which such person is acquiring the Company's securities that are located in the United Kingdom or a Member State will be deemed to have represented  acknowledged and agreed that it is a Qualified Investor.In addition  any offer or placement of securities to which this announcement relates is in the United Kingdom  being distributed only to  and is directed only at  (i) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended from time to time (the ""Order"")  (ii) high net worth entities etc. falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  and (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The offering or placement of securities to which this announcement relates will only be available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe for  purchase  or otherwise acquire securities will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement or any of its contents.The Company has not made and will not to make an offer of its securities to the public in Switzerland except that it may make an offer of securities to professional investors in Switzerland in accordance with and under the exemption of article 36(1)(a) of the Swiss Financial Services Act (""FinSA""). No application has been or will be made to admit the securities of the Company to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this media release nor any of the other offering or marketing materials relating to the securities of the Company constitute a prospectus or a similar communication as such terms are understood pursuant to articles 35 et seqq. and article 69 of the FinSA.This communication is not a prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation  the UK Prospectus Regulation or the FinSa. This communication cannot be used as basis for any investment agreement or decision. Acquiring investments to which this announcement relates may expose an investor to a significant risk of losing the entire amount invested. Persons considering making such investments should consult an authorised person specialising in advising on such investments. This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning the securities referred to herein. No announcement or information regarding the offering  listing or securities of the Company referred to above may be disseminated to the public in jurisdictions where a prior registration or approval is required for such purpose. No steps have been taken  or will be taken  for the offering or listing of securities of the Company in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required  except for the admission of the relevant shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The issue  exercise  or sale of  and the subscription for or purchase of  securities of the Company are subject to special legal or statutory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. The Company is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.Any investment decision in connection with the Offering must be made on the basis of all publicly available information relating to the Company and its shares  which information is not the responsibility of the Underwriter nor has it been independently verified by the Underwriter. Neither the Underwriter  nor any of its directors  officers  employees and agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for  nor makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truthfulness  accuracy or completeness of  the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the document) or any other information relating to the Company or its associated companies  or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.Certain statements  beliefs and opinions in this announcement are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or management's current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this announcement as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this announcement.Information to Distributors:Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within: (a) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments  as amended from time to time (""MiFID II""); (b) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II; and (c) local implementing measures (together  the ""MiFID II Product Governance Requirements"")  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  which any 'manufacturer' (for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto  the offered securities have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that the offered securities are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels as are permitted by MiFID II (the ""Target Market Assessment""). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  distributors should note that: the price of the offered securities may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the offered securities offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the offered securities is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Offering. Furthermore  it is noted that  notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  the Underwriter will only procure investors (i) who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties; and (ii) to a maximum of 149 retail investors.For the avoidance of doubt  the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  or purchase  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the offered securities.Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the offered securities and determining appropriate distribution channels.The Underwriter is acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Offering. In connection with such matters  it  its affiliates and its respective directors  officers  employees and agents will not regard any other person as its client  nor will it be responsible to any other person for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Offering or any other matters referred to in this announcement.Attachments",neutral,0.12,0.77,0.11,mixed,0.52,0.25,0.23,True,English,"['SEQUANA MEDICAL SUCCESSFULLY RAISES', 'EQUITY PLACEMENT', '5 MILLION', 'LSP HEF Sequana Holding B.V.', 'potential US FDA advisory panel meeting', 'leading international heart failure conference', 'PMA (Pre-Market Approval) review process', 'Equity V B.V.', 'North American pivotal study', 'alfapump® PMA filing progresses', 'alfapump PMA approval', 'US FDA approval', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'first three patients', 'secondary endpoint readout', 'Quality Management System', 'current cash runway', 'KBC Securities NV', 'Sole Global Coordinator', 'US MOJAVE study', 'refractory liver ascites', 'working capital purposes', 'share swap agreement', 'US hepatology community', 'Rosetta Capital VII', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'US commercial launch', 'current outstanding shares', 'The Pre-Committing Investors', 'unlisted new shares', 'tremendous potential', 'liver disease', '7,666,667 new shares', 'US recurrent', 'new investors', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fluid overload', 'gross proceeds', 'private placement', 'issue price', 'Ian Crosbie', 'continued support', 'existing investors', 'successful completion', 'exciting time', 'cardiorenal syndrome', 'Dr. Testani', 'track record', 'corporate milestones', 'net proceeds', 'design transfer', 'Total internal', 'external costs', 'inventory build-up', 'CMC activities', 'randomized phase', 'General corporate', 'subscription orders', 'same rights', 'market experts', 'regulated market', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'other investors', 'Marc Nolet', 'aggregate amount', 'sufficient number', 'final results', 'DSR® program', 'investment company', 'bookbuild offering', 'listing prospectus', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', '21 March', 'CET', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'pioneer', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'means', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'preparations', 'feedback', 'NASH', 'MASH', 'breakthrough', 'presentation', 'THT', 'Story', 'Q3', 'questions', 'manufacturing', 'POSEIDON', 'Q2 2024', 'payment', 'delivery', '25 March', 'Underwriter', 'Partners', 'LP', 'EQT', 'family', 'issuance', 'admission', 'trading', 'excess', 'need', 'benefits', '27.']",2024-03-21,2024-03-21,uk.finance.yahoo.com
